was in 1997–98, when the team finished in seventh position, under the guidance of Fernando Santos. After winning the cup in 1990, Estrela reached the second round in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. In the following decades, the team maintained its first division status in most seasons. In 2008–09, however, amidst serious financial difficulties, it was (twice) relegated even though it finished the campaign in mid-table. Coach António Veloso only managed to lead Amadora to the tenth position in the third level in the 2009–10 season. Subsequently, as the club's dreadful economic situation persisted – which led to a two-year suspension from all activity by the Portuguese Football Federation – it folded, remaining active in youth competitions. Ultras Magia Tricolor since 2005 Estrela's kit was white with the shirt split with three colours (hence the nickname 'the tricolours'). Left side was red, the middle white and the right green, with the shorts and socks white. The club was longtime sponsored by national brands Tepa and Cofidis. In 2005, Estrela decided to change the club's kit to traditional white, copying the badge and taking away the old red, green and white striped kit. </doc> <doc id="2342286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342286" title="Ronald Sukenick"> Ronald Sukenick Ronald Sukenick (July 14, 1932 in Brooklyn, New York – July 22, 2004) was an American writer and literary theorist. Sukenick studied at Cornell University, and wrote his doctoral thesis on Wallace Stevens, at Brandeis University . After Roland Barthes announced the "death of the author", Sukenick carried the metaphor even further in "the death of the novel". He drew up a list of what is missing: reality doesn't exist, nor time or personality. He was widely recognized as a controversial writer who, frequently humorously, questioned and rejected the conventions of traditional fiction-writing. In novels, short stories, literary criticism and history, he often used himself, family members or friends as characters, sometimes quoting them in tape-recorded conversations. He did stints as writer in residence at Cornell University, the University of California, Irvine, and Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel. But his books were never best-sellers. Sukenick once commented that he had "only forty fans, but they're all fanatics." He referred to his career as a university professor as his "day job". He taught at Brandeis University, Hofstra University, City College of the City University of New York, Sarah Lawrence College, Cornell University, the State University of New York (Buffalo), and l'Université Paul Valéry, Montpellier, France. His most prolonged teaching career was at the University of Colorado, Boulder, where he was professor of English from 1975-1999. He was actively committed to publishing and promoting the writing of other unconventional writers. He was founder and publisher of "American Book Review", and a founder of The Fiction Collective (now Fiction Collective Two). Sukenick was chairman of the Coordinating Council of Little magazines, and on the executive council of the Modern Language Association and the National Book Critics Circle. His archive resides at the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin. He was divorced from Lynn Luria ( Lynn Sukenick) in 1984. He lived with Julia Frey for many years, and they were formally married in 1992. Her book on Toulouse-Lautrec is now a standard work. She collaborated on Sukenick's posthumously published story "For the Invisible, Against Thinking" set in Bali. He died from the muscular disease inclusion body myositis, in 2004. </doc> <doc id="2342289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342289" title="Batman: Return of the Joker"> Batman: Return of the Joker Batman: Return of the Joker, known in Japan as , is a 1991 platform video game, the follow-up to Sunsoft's on the Nintendo Entertainment System. Unlike that game, which was based on the 1989 Batman film directed by Tim Burton, "Return of the Joker" is entirely self-contained and based more on the modern comic book iteration of Batman. However, Batman mans the Batmobile and the Batwing from the 1989 film. A remake of "Return of the Joker", titled Batman: Revenge of the Joker, was released on the Sega Genesis by Ringler Studios in 1992. A Super NES version of "Revenge of the Joker" was in development, but never released. A completely different version of the game was released on the Game Boy in 1992. Each version of the game is essentially the same in storyline and format. The story begins with the Joker escaping from Arkham Asylum, and with various henchmen and mercenaries plots to destroy Gotham City by targeting it with missiles with warheads that are filled with his deadly Joker-gas from his secret island base. Batman must survive several side-scrolling levels, as well as defeat five boss levels, to ensure that Gotham is safe. Batman is armed with a utility belt that allows him to collect various types of icons throughout the stages in order to shoot different types of batarangs and projectiles. Batman only has one type of batarang in the Game Boy version. The console version of the game uses a password feature which allows players to return to any non-boss level which they have previously reached. The Game Boy version allows the player to select a level at the start of the game. The music for the NES version was composed by Naoki Kodaka, with sound programming by Nobuyuki Hara and Shinichi Seya. The Game Boy version of the game had an entirely original soundtrack composed by Manami Matsumae. For the Genesis "Revenge of the Joker", Kodaka's soundtrack was adapted by Tommy Tallarico. </doc> <doc id="2342291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342291" title="HMS Ark Royal (1914)"> HMS Ark Royal (1914) HMS "Ark Royal" was the first ship in history designed and built as a seaplane carrier. She was purchased by the Royal Navy in 1914 shortly after her keel had been laid and the ship was only in frames; this allowed the ship's design to be modified almost totally to accommodate seaplanes. In the First World War, "Ark Royal" participated in the Gallipoli Campaign in early 1915, with her aircraft conducting aerial reconnaissance and observation missions. Her aircraft later supported British troops on the Macedonian Front in 1916, before she returned to the Dardanelles to act as a depot ship for all the seaplanes operating in the area. In January 1918, several of her aircraft unsuccessfully attacked the German battlecruiser when she sortied from the Dardanelles to attack Allied ships in the area. The ship left the area later in the year to support seaplanes conducting anti-submarine patrols over the southern Aegean Sea. After the end of the war, "Ark Royal" mostly served as an aircraft transport and depot ship for those aircraft in support of White Russian and British operations against the Bolsheviks in the Caspian and Black Sea regions during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War. She also supported Royal Air Force (RAF) aircraft in British Somaliland in the campaign against Mohammed Abdullah Hassan in 1920. Later that year, the ship was placed in reserve. "Ark Royal" was recommissioned to ferry an RAF squadron to the Dardanelles during the Chanak Crisis in 1922. She was reduced to reserve again upon her return to the United Kingdom the following year. "Ark Royal" was recommissioned in 1930 to serve as a training ship, for seaplane pilots and to evaluate aircraft catapult operations and techniques. She was renamed HMS "Pegasus" in 1934, freeing the name for the aircraft carrier ordered that year, and continued to serve as a training ship until the beginning of the Second World War in September 1939. Assigned to the Home Fleet at the beginning of the war, she took on tasks as an aircraft transport, in addition to her training duties, until she was modified to serve as the prototype fighter catapult ship in late 1940. This type of ship was intended to defend convoys against attacks by German long-range maritime patrol bombers by launching fighters via their catapult to provide air cover for the convoy. "Pegasus" served in this role until mid-1941 when she reverted to her previous duties as a training ship. This lasted until early 1944 when she became a barracks ship. The ship was sold in late 1946 and her conversion into a merchant ship began the following year. However, the owner ran out of money during the process and Anita I, as she had been renamed, was seized by her creditors in 1949 and sold for scrap. She was not broken up until late 1950. The Royal Navy had conducted trials in 1913 with a modified cruiser, , to evaluate the ability of seaplanes to work with the fleet. They were successful enough that the Admiralty allocated £81,000 in the 1914–1915 Naval Programme to purchase a merchant ship for a more thorough modification than had been possible with "Hermes" to better accommodate seaplanes. A tramp steamer was purchased in 1914 that had just begun construction at the Blyth Shipbuilding Company so it could be easily modified to suit its new role. "Ark Royal" was laid down on 7 November 1913 by the Blyth Shipbuilding Company in Blyth, Northumberland, as a freighter, probably intended for the coal-for-grain trade in the Black Sea. She was purchased in May 1914 and was launched on 5 September 1914. The ship was commissioned on 10 December 1914. Extensive changes to the ship were made in converting her to a seaplane tender, with the superstructure, funnel, and propulsion machinery moved aft and a working deck occupying the forward half of the ship. The deck was not intended as a flying-off deck, but for starting and running up of seaplane engines and for recovering damaged aircraft from the sea. The ship was equipped with a large aircraft hold, long, wide and high along with extensive workshops. Two steam cranes on the sides of the forecastle lifted the aircraft through the sliding hatch of the hangar onto the flight deck or into the water. She carried of petrol for her aircraft in standard commercial tins. She could carry five floatplanes and two to four regular, wheeled aircraft. The latter would have to return to land after launch, but the seaplanes would take off and land in the water alongside the carrier, lifted on and off the ship by the cranes. Her original complement of aircraft consisted of a Short Folder, two Wight Pushers, three Sopwith Type 807 seaplanes and two to four Sopwith Tabloid wheeled aircraft. "Ark Royal" had an overall length of , a beam of , and a draught of . She normally displaced , with a displacement of at deep load. The ship had one vertical triple-expansion steam engine driving one propeller shaft. The ship's three cylindrical boilers generated enough steam to produce from the engine. The ship had a designed speed of , but she made a speed of during her sea trials with in December 1914. "Ark Royal" carried of fuel oil, enough to give her a range of at . The ship was armed with four QF 12-pounder 12 cwt guns and two machine guns. Including 60 aviation personnel, her crew totalled 180 officers and men. "Her truly unique feature was the steadying sail on the mizzen to help keep her head to the wind; she remains the only aircraft carrier to have been fitted with a sail." The ship proved to be too slow to work with the Grand Fleet and for operations in the North Sea in general, so "Ark Royal" was ordered to the Mediterranean in mid-January 1915 to support the Gallipoli campaign. Under the command of Commander Robert Clark-Hall, the ship sailed on 1 February 1915 and arrived at the island of Tenedos on 17 February. She attempted to fly three of her seaplanes on the day of her arrival to reconnoitre the Straits, but two of them had engine troubles and the third could not take off despite the calm water. A Wight Pusher eventually managed to get into the air and discovered new fortifications down the Straits; it dropped a single bomb on the Asiatic side of the Dardanelles and returned with seven bullet holes in its skin. Two days later, the ship's aircraft attempted unsuccessfully to spot for the fleet as they bombarded the Ottoman fortifications defending the Straits. They conducted more aerial reconnaissance and observation missions in support of the fleet later in the month and in early March as it moved further up the Straits. "Ark Royal" lost her first aircraft on 5 March as the propeller of one of her Sopwiths splintered into pieces at . Both of the aircraft's crewmen were recovered by the destroyer . Later in the month, the ship's aircrew learned to spot mines from the air and were moderately successful, although they failed to detect the minefield that sank one French and two British predreadnoughts and damaged a British battlecruiser on 18 March. Later in the month, "Ark Royal" and her aircraft were relieved by No. 3 Squadron of the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS). In preparation for the squadron's arrival, the ship's crew cleared a vineyard on the island to serve as an airfield and unloaded its crated aircraft on 26–27 March. From 31 March to 7 April, "Ark Royal" and her companions made several fake landing attempts and her aircraft bombarded the port of Smyrna with little effect. When she returned to Tenedos on 8 April, she exchanged her Tabloids, which had never flown from the ship, for a pair of Sopwith Schneider single-seat floatplanes. In addition, she received two Sopwith Type 860s, another Wight Pusher, and a Short Type 166, all two-seat floatplanes, as replacements. The ship had no room for all these aircraft and she used the collier "Penmorvalt" to store them and for additional workshop space. Her aircraft resumed reconnaissance and observation missions over the Dardanelles; aircraft discovered a large ammunition dump on 12 April, and provided corrective data to direct gunfire from onto the target. "Ark Royal"s aircraft provided support to the Australian and New Zealand troops at Anzac Cove as they landed on 25 April on the Gallipoli Peninsula. Two days later, the ship was taken under fire by the Ottoman predreadnought , firing across the peninsula, and she had to move in a hurry to avoid being hit. A month later, the battle on the peninsula had bogged down and the success of the German submarine in sinking two British predreadnoughts forced "Ark Royal" to move to a safer anchorage at Imbros at the end of May. There she became a depot ship for all the seaplanes in the area, while her own aircraft continued to support operations at Gallipoli. On occasion, aircraft were loaned out to other ships for reconnaissance or observation missions. The ship left Imbros on 1 November for Mytilene, from where her aircraft flew aerial reconnaissance missions over Smyrna, before she continued onwards to Salonika, where she arrived on 8 November. While based there, her aircraft supported British troops fighting the Bulgarians, spotted for British ships conducting shore bombardments, and conducted anti-submarine patrols. At this time, "Ark Royal" operated five Short 166s and a couple of Sopwith seaplanes. On 27 March 1917, the ship was transferred to Mudros to serve as a depot ship for all the seaplanes assigned to No. 2 Wing RNAS, which controlled all RNAS aircraft in the area. By the end of 1917, she operated a mixture of Short Type 184 and Sopwith Baby aircraft. On the morning of 20 January 1918, the Ottoman battlecruiser , together with the light cruiser , (formerly the German "Goeben" and "Breslau", and still with German crews), sortied from the Dardanelles to attack British warships based at Mudros. "Yavuz" struck a mine shortly after they exited the mouth of the Dardanelles so they switched targets and sank two British monitors off Imbros Island. As they were returning to the Dardanelles, the two ships were attacked by two of "Ark Royal"s Sopwith Babies with bombs. One Baby was quickly shot down and the other was forced to make an emergency landing with engine problems off Imbros; the pilot was able to taxi the aircraft onto a beach and it was recovered several days later. "Midilli" struck five mines and sank on the return whilst "Yavuz" struck two more mines and then ran aground inside the Straits. "Ark Royal"s Short 184s attempted to bomb her at dawn on the following morning, but all ten bombs missed, and an attempt to attack the ship with a Short 184 modified to carry a torpedo failed when the weight of the torpedo proved to be more than the aircraft could lift. On 3 April, the ship was transferred to the island of Syros, where she could support the seaplanes of No. 62 Wing of the Royal Air Force (RAF) on anti-submarine patrols; part of the former No. 2 Wing RNAS redesignated when the RNAS and the Royal Flying Corps were merged to form the RAF. "Ark Royal" was transferred to Piraeus in October and was still there when the Armistice of Mudros with Turkey was signed on 31 October. The ship joined the Allied fleet that occupied Constantinople after the surrender. After the war, "Ark Royal" transported aircraft across the Black Sea to Batumi, where they were ferried across the Caucasus to the British naval forces supporting White Russian forces fighting the Bolsheviks in the Caspian Sea during the Russian Civil War. The ship was withdrawn from the Black Sea in late 1919 and disembarked her seaplanes at Malta to load a dozen de Havilland DH-9 bombers and 181 personnel of the supporting Z Force for transport to British Somaliland. The ship arrived in Berbera on 30 December and the squadron was unloaded to support the air and land campaign against the Mad Mullah. "Ark Royal" served during this campaign solely as a depot and repair ship for the RAF. She was withdrawn before its conclusion and transferred to the Black Sea to support the White Russian forces there as they began to collapse. The ship twice ferried refugees from the Caucasian coast to the Crimea and, after the second voyage, had to be fumigated at Constantinople after an outbreak of typhus among her passengers. During the summer of 1920, "Ark Royal" ferried RAF aircraft and personnel to Basra. She then returned to Britain for a refit and was put into reserve at Rosyth in November. She was recommissioned in September 1922 to transport 4 Squadron, equipped with a dozen Bristol F.2 Fighters, out to the Dardanelles during the Chanak crisis. The aircraft were ferried semi-assembled and then transferred to the aircraft carrier where they were fully erected. On 11 October, the F.2s flew from the carrier to an airfield at Kilya on the European side of the straits. The ship remained in the area until she was given a brief refit at Malta in early 1923. Now equipped with Fairey IIID seaplanes, "Ark Royal" returned to the Dardanelles until she was transferred back to the United Kingdom late in the year. Upon her arrival, the ship was placed back in reserve and became the depot ship for the reserve of minesweepers at Sheerness until 1930. In 1930, "Ark Royal" was recommissioned again as a training ship and an aircraft catapult was installed on her forecastle, forward of her cranes. For the next nine years, the ship conducted trials and evaluations of catapults and seaplane launch and recovery equipment and techniques. On 21 December 1934, she was renamed HMS "Pegasus" to release her name for a new carrier that was then beginning construction. The ship was assigned to Home Fleet when the Second World War began, and was mostly used to train sailors in catapult launching and shipboard recovery techniques. The ship used the Fairey Seafox, Supermarine Walrus, and Fairey Swordfish of the 764 Naval Air Squadron. She also served as an aircraft transport and was present in Scapa Flow, having just delivered some aircraft, on 14 October when the battleship was sunk by the . As the closest ship to "Royal Oak", "Pegasus" was able to rescue some 400 survivors. "Pegasus" was converted to the prototype fighter catapult ship in November 1940, carrying three Fairey Fulmar fighters from 807 Squadron between 1 December and 10 February 1941, which were replaced by aircraft from 804 Squadron between 10 February and 23 July. These fighters were supposed to defend convoys against attacks from Focke-Wulf Fw 200 maritime patrol bombers and to prevent them from radioing location reports to U-boats. If out of range of land, the fighters would have to ditch at sea and hope to be recovered by a ship from their convoy. The ship escorted nine convoys between December 1940 and July 1941. At some point during the war, the ship's anti-aircraft armament was supplemented with a pair of Oerlikon 20 mm light anti-aircraft guns mounted in the bow, the ship's bridge was enlarged and the mast was replaced with a tripod mast bearing a Type 291 air warning radar. The ship then became a seaplane training ship again, hosting 763 Squadron aboard from 20 April 1942 to 13 February 1944. "Pegasus" then became a barracks ship until May 1946 and was then listed for disposal in June. She was sold to R. C. Ellerman on 18 October, renamed "Anita I", and registered under the Panamanian flag. Under the management of the Compania de Navigation Ellanita, the ship sailed from Cardiff to Antwerp in October 1947 to begin conversion to a freighter. The work ceased in early 1948 and "Anita I" was seized by her creditors and auctioned off to a Dutch shipbreaking firm on 16 June 1949. She was resold once more before the ship was purchased by the British Iron and Steel Corporation in October 1950. Later that year, the ship was broken up for scrap at Thos W Ward Grays, Essex. </doc> <doc id="2342292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342292" title="Pintle"> Pintle A pintle is a pin or bolt, usually inserted into a gudgeon, which is used as part of a pivot or hinge. Other applications include pintle and lunette ring for towing, and pintle pins securing casters in furniture. Pintle/gudgeon sets have many applications, for example: in sailing to hold the rudder onto the boat; in transportation a pincer-type device clamps through a lunette ring on the tongue of a trailer; in controllable solid rocket motors a plug moves into and out of the motor throat to control thrust. In electrical cubicle manufacture, a pintle hinge is a hinge with fixed and moving parts. The hinge has a pin "pintle" and can be both external and internal. The most common type consists of 3 parts. One part on the body of the cubicle, one part on the door and the third part is the pintle. In transportation, a "pintle hitch" is a type of tow hitch that uses a tow ring configuration to secure to a hook or a ball combination for the purpose of towing an unpowered vehicle. As a weapon mount a pintle-mount is used with machine guns as the mounting hardware that mates the machine gun to a vehicle or tripod. Essentially the pintle is a bracket with a cylindrical bottom and a cradle for the gun on top; the cylindrical bottom fits into a hole in the tripod while the cradle holds the gun. In furniture, a pintle is usually fitted to a caster; the pintle is then inserted into a base, fixing the caster to that base. In rocketry, a pintle injector uses a single-feed fuel injector rather than the hundreds of smaller holes used in a typical rocket engine. This simplifies the engine, reducing cost and improving reliability, while surrendering some performance. Grumman used the pintle-based Rocketdyne RS-18 for the Ascent stage of the Apollo Lunar Module. TRW used this same injector for the Descent Propulsion System on Apollo's Lunar Module. Notable modern uses are in the Merlin engines developed by SpaceX. Pintle is also a common term used in the design of aircraft landing gears. It describes the attachment point between the landing gear structure and the aircraft structure. The pintle is the bolt around which the landing gear rotates when it is extended/retracted into/out of the aircraft. The pintle is a highly stressed component during landing manoeuvres and is often made from exotic metal alloys. For World War II aircraft with sideways-retracting main gear units, carefully set-up "pintle angles" for such axes of rotation during retraction and extension allowed the maingear struts to be raked forward while fully extended for touchdown and better ground handling, while permitting retraction into rearwards-angled landing gear wells in their wings to usually clear the forward wing spar for stowing while in flight. </doc> <doc id="2342296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342296" title="Wilfrid Fox"> Wilfrid Fox Wilfrid Fox (1875–May 22, 1962) was a dermatologist in the United Kingdom. He practised at St George's Hospital, London. He became passionately interested in the environment. He founded the Roads Beautifying Association in 1928. He lived at Winkworth Farm, Busbridge, Surrey. In 1937, he acquired part of the adjoining Thorncombe Estate, and proceeded to create an arboretum. In 1948, he was awarded the highest honour of the Royal Horticultural Society, the Victoria Medal of Honour. He gave part of the arboretum to the National Trust in 1952, and the trust later acquired more of the land. This is now open to the public as Winkworth Arboretum. </doc> <doc id="2342311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342311" title="United States Army Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center"> United States Army Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center The U.S. Army Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center (NSRDEC), also known as the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Systems Center (NSSC), or simply as Natick Labs, is an element of the United States Army Research, Development, and Engineering Command (RDECOM), headquartered at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, and a tenant unit on the installation of the U.S. Army Soldier Systems Center (SSC) at Natick, Massachusetts. NSRDEC exists to develop and test new material systems for U.S. Army soldiers. It has been the prime developer of MREs, elements of the Future Force Warrior System, the PALS grid and other items and methods used in the modern American military. "This article contains information that originally came from US Government publications and websites and is in the public domain." </doc> <doc id="2342312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342312" title="Pasadena, Newfoundland and Labrador"> Pasadena, Newfoundland and Labrador Pasadena is an incorporated town located in census division 5 which is in the western portion of Newfoundland, Canada and it is a picturesque community on the shores of Deer Lake at the junction of the North Arm Valley and the Humber Valley. The town was named after Pasadena, California. The meaning of the name is sometimes claimed to be "crown of the valley". The Town of Pasadena claims the name is Spanish for "crown of the valley". However, the name, first applied to the city in California, is a corruption of an Ojibwe phrase meaning "valley" or "of the valley". The founders of Pasadena, California, claimed it was Ojibwe for "crown of the valley" or "key of the valley" when in fact it only meant, roughly "of the valley". The Town of Pasadena formerly consisted of three separate communities: South Brook, Pasadena and Midland. South Brook was located on the sandy shore of Deer Lake. It evolved much earlier than Pasadena, starting out in the early 1920s as a logging camp for the Bowater Company from Corner Brook. The railway also used South Brook, but only as a stop along its route across the island. In 1921, the census showed that South Brook only had a population of 6 people, within 2 families. However, South Brook soon became a hive of activity, when the Bowaters Company started up its woods operations. It established a bunkhouse, cook-house and a company store to supply the needs of the areas wood camps. These camps would employ as many as 100 loggers during the winter months. Logging was the main industry in South Brook, but it also had a good supply of rock, which was suitable for the building of the power house in Deer Lake, so a quarry was set up and the rock was shipped to Deer Lake by train. Homes began to spring up in South Brook as the men coming to work in the wood camps brought their families with them. With women and children living there, schools, medical aid, and recreation facilities were needed. church services were held in people’s houses at first, but later, all religions used the school as their church. The second piece of the puzzle begins in St. John's. In 1923, Leonard Earle, a business man in St. John’s, who had a small farm on the outskirts of the city, heard about some suitable farm land on the West Coast in the Humber Valley area. Wanting to get into farming full-time, he decided to visit the area and attempt to purchase some land. He discussed the acquisition of the land with the paper company officials, but the talks foundered when it was discovered that the company did not own the land. Thus, Earle was forced to return to his small farm in the city. Ten years later, in 1933, Earle was informed that a block of land, the same land that he had been interested in years earlier, was for sale. Seizing the opportunity, he sold his St. John’s farm and immediately purchased the farmland in the Humber Valley. In the summer of 1933, he hired a group of men from Corner Brook to build a house, and with the help of some men that came with him, he cleared the land by hand and capstan. They built bridges and barns and planted vegetables. The flat fertile land and the temperate climate provided ideal conditions for growing such crops as potatoes and carrots. Earle decided to call this beautiful part of the Humber Valley, Pasadena, in honour of his wife, who had once lived in Pasadena, California, and also in honour of their marriage, as that is where they were married. The name Pasadena is derived from an Ojibwa (or Chippewa) word meaning "valley", "valley town", "key of the big valley", or "crown of the valley", depending on which expert you ask. The Earles may have been the first family to settle in Pasadena, but it wasn’t long before others became interested in the little community. The first winter, the Earles were joined by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Ryan. Later that same year, three section men with the Newfoundland Railway, Ned Carter, Jim Carter, and Douglas Tapp were transferred to the area. It was these five families that formed the nucleus of what was to become the Community of Pasadena. The third and final piece of the puzzle, the community of Midland, evolved in 1936 as part of a government relocation program. Due to a severe decline in the inshore fishery around the Avalon Peninsula, many families were starving and the government of Commission began to look for some other means of livelihood for them. It was on the picturesque, forest-covered, level land, next door to Pasadena, that the government land settlement began. It was named Midland because of its position – halfway between Deer Lake and Corner Brook. Potential settlers for this community came from outlying areas of the island deeply affected by the Great Depression. The 25 men involved in the resettlement program came from Argentia, Red Island, Lamaline, Burin, Bell Island, and Clarke’s Beach. In June 1936, the men came to Midland. With just one tractor, supplied by the government, they started clearing the land, in preparation for their families to join them. The men cleared two fields and used them as a community farm until their own individual land was ready. All vegetables grown were taken to the government store to be sold and any profits were shared among the men. In September 1936, all 25 homes were ready for occupancy. The homes were very simple. There was no electricity or running water and all the bathrooms were located about thirty feet back in the woods. All homes were built and painted alike, and therefore it was difficult to tell one home from another. Finally that day in September arrived when the men settlers from Midland went to the railway in Pasadena to meet their excited families. To transport their families and their few belongings from the station, a platform with seats was built on a horse-drawn cart. Over the years, roads were improved and more land was cleared, but the farms never materialized. Each settler had been given of land but they only cleared enough land to meet their immediate requirements. It wasn’t long before many of the men were seeking employment elsewhere, such as the American base: Ernest Harmon Air Force Base in Stephenville and with the Pulp and Paper Industry in Corner Brook. Several of the original settlers even returned to their home towns, preferring the uncertainty of fishing to the drudgery of farming. Being in such close proximity to each other, it was inevitable that Pasadena and Midland would eventually become one. They were incorporated in 1955, adopting the name of The Community of Pasadena-Midland. The first Community Council of Pasadena-Midland consisted of Charles Bonnell, Chairman; Nelson Bennett, Secretary; and Allan French, Councillor. Very little growth took place in the Community of Pasadena-Midland until 1969 when the community status gave way to town status, and was named the Town of Pasadena. The first mayor was Gordon Clarke. The town experienced rapid growth after receiving its town status. In 1971, the population of Pasadena was 891, but by 1985, it had risen to more than 3,200. In 1985, after much persistence from the town council, the whole town was serviced with municipal water and sewage, all main streets were paved, and a Town Plan and Development Regulations were in place to ensure the orderly growth and development of the town. It was about this time that the Department of Municipal Affairs in St. John's began to see the possibilities of another merger, this time between the Town of Pasadena and its much smaller neighbor to the west, the Community of South Brook. South Brook had not received nearly as much attention as Pasadena, and could benefit greatly if merged with Pasadena. In 1985, negotiations between the two Councils and the Department of Municipal Affairs for the amalgamation of the Town of Pasadena and the Community of South Brook began. After much debate between both communities, a satisfactory consensus was reached, and on January 1, 1986, the Community of South Brook was amalgamated with the Town of Pasadena. Once again, the town had become a hive of activity. A new town plan had to be drawn up to incorporate the increased municipal boundaries, a new Comprehensive Development Plan was also prepared to ensure proper linkage of existing municipal services and pre-planned future expansion. As a result of the continued growth and the addition of the smaller neighboring community, the projections for the future are showing a continuing steady growth in all sections. As a town, Pasadena is proud of its growth and the high standards of service and quality of life it provides. It prides itself in being one of the best laid out towns in the province, and looks forward with confidence to the future. It is Pasadena, South Brook, and Midland that make Pasadena a complete town and the “Crown” of the beautiful Humber Valley. In 2012, Pasadena celebrated a Come Home Year with hundreds of people visiting during the ten days of festivities in late July of that year. The Come Home Year profits were able to provide funding to a number of different community groups. Pasadena's recent growth has seen an influx of young families. The community itself is very family oriented. The Treehouse Family Resource Centre boasts a busy schedule, playground and ball field facilities are in great condition and the community has a thriving walking, running, skiing and outdoor community. Statistics Canada detail demographics follow link here </td><td valign=top WIDTH="33%"> (Prior to the incorporation of the Town of Pasadena) </doc> <doc id="2342319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342319" title="Herbert Goldstein"> Herbert Goldstein Herbert Goldstein (June 26, 1922 – January 12, 2005) was an American physicist and the author of the standard graduate textbook "Classical Mechanics". He received a B.S. from City College of New York in 1940 and a Ph.D. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1943. From 1942 to 1946, Goldstein was a staff member of the wartime Radiation Laboratory at M.I.T., where he engaged in research on the theory of waveguides and magnetrons and on the characteristics of radar echoes. He was an instructor in the Physics Department at Harvard University from 1946 to 1949. In 1949–50 he was an AEC postdoctoral Fellow at M.I.T., and served as a Visiting Associate Professor of Physics at Brandeis University, 1952–53. From 1950, Goldstein was a Senior Physicist at Nuclear Development Corporation of America, where he directed theoretical research on the shielding of nuclear reactors and on neutron cross sections of interest for reactor design. From 1961 Goldstein was a professor of nuclear science and engineering at Columbia University. At the time of his death he was professor emeritus. Goldstein won the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award in 1962 for his "contributions to reactor physics and to nuclear cross sections, and for his leadership in establishing a rational scientific basis for nuclear shield design". He was a founding member and served as president of the Association of Orthodox Jewish Scientists. He was buried in Israel. </doc> <doc id="2342322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342322" title="Hebrew University Secondary School"> Hebrew University Secondary School Hebrew University High School (), commonly known as Leyada (literally "next to"), is a semi-private high school in Jerusalem, Israel, established in 1935 by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The school is located next to the Givat Ram campus of the Hebrew University. It is considered one of the country's most prestigious and selective institutions of secondary education. Founded in 1935 as "Beit-Hakerem High School", it soon established a unique methodology and syllabus, carefully screening applicants through psychometric entrance exams. Over the years, the school has carried out several integration projects initially founded by Professor Karl Frankenstein (Hebrew: קרל פרנקנשטיין; born 16 February 1905, died 1990), a ground-breaking Israeli professor in special education and pedagogy. Over the years, these projects have changed names and structure and have attempted to diminish the school's social elitist stereotype. However, due to its semi-private status, most students come from middle- and upper-class families. Leyada is considered one of the country's most prestigious high schools. The school is in the process of reform and restructuring. Dr. Gilead Amir will continue as principal of the six-year programme, Dr. Rivka Berger will continue as Pedagogical Director and Vice Principal. Erez Hacker has been appointed coordinator of the junior high and Rena Gampel, coordinator of the high school. The school has a five-day week (Sunday through Thursday), keeping facilities open on Fridays for special classes, self-study and projects. In addition to the 40+ classrooms upgraded with projectors, wi-fi and whiteboards, facilities include two 200 seat lecture halls, fully equipped physics and chemistry laboratories, a library, state-of-the-art art center, a chamber-music auditorium, a 600-seat theatre, a modern professional sports center and a regulation-size basketball court. The current principal is Dr. Gilead Amir (class of 1970), who joined faculty in 1977 as a math teacher, and took the top position in 2003 from 35-year veteran Hana Levitte. Among the school's board of directors is Israeli Labor Party member Orna Angel, a 1980 Leyada graduate and former CEO of the Tel Aviv Port Authority. The current prime minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, has studied in the school, but did not graduate from it, because of his family's relocation to the United States. </doc> <doc id="2342329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342329" title="Bird stone"> Bird stone Bird stones are prehistoric, abstract stone carvings made by Native Americans. The artifacts were a common inclusion in graves and thought to have ceremonial importance. They are noted for their distinctive simplicity and beauty. They first appeared in the middle Archaic period around 5,000 years ago and continued into the early Woodland period to about 2,500 years before present. The exact purpose of these artifacts is not known, but most have a small hole drilled at the base of the neck and another at the aft end, presumably for mounting. Some theories suggest they were part of an atlatl (a short rod to hurl spears), in addition to their ceremonial uses. It has also been suggested that these artifacts were worn as decorative items denoting marriage status or pregnancy, and as totems representing tribes. Bird stones were mostly made east of the Mississippi, and the thousands in existence have been found primarily in New York, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin. The stones range in length from 3 to 6 inches, and have unique variations in style. Most are ground from grayish green, banded slate, and occasionally porphyry. </doc> <doc id="2342334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342334" title="Balfate"> Balfate Balfate is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. Balfate itself is a town of about 2500 but the municipality includes the towns of Lucinda (600) Lis Lis (1200) and several others. In January 2003 a new hospital, Hospital Loma de Luz, was opened in Balfate bringing much needed medical care to this area. The main paved highway from La Ceiba (250,000) to Trujillo bypasses Balfate. The road from Jutiapa to Balfate is gravel/dirt and in need of improvement. One of the long range plans of the government is to extend this road completely to Trujillo, which has one of the best natural harbours in the world. It is necessary to cross several rivers without bridges and is more challenging in the wet season (Dec/Jan) At this time the road terminates at Rio Esteban, about 20 km east of Balfate. Completion of the road to Trujillo would be challenging because in this geographical area of the Honduras the mountains extend all the way to the ocean. When completed, travel on this road would save about 40 km when traveling from La Ceiba to Trujillo. It would also open up this coastline to more development. Balfate was the first port in Honduras from which banana shipments left to the United States, however the rail lines were dismantled in the mid-1950s and the pier demolished. the possibility exists for the new highway to use the old right of way left by the railroad. </doc> <doc id="2342335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342335" title="Bonito Oriental"> Bonito Oriental Bonito Oriental is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. The town of Bonito Oriental is the primary location of the novel "The Mosquito Coast" by Paul Theroux. While Theroux's book describes the town as being very remote and difficult to get to, it was actually located about one mile from a main paved highway at the time he wrote the book. </doc> <doc id="2342336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342336" title="Iriona"> Iriona Iriona is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. </doc> <doc id="2342338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342338" title="Sabá"> Sabá Sabá is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. The local football club, Unión Sabá, play in the Honduran second division. They play at the Estadio Municipal. </doc> <doc id="2342340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342340" title="Santa Fe, Colón"> Santa Fe, Colón Santa Fe is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. Notable people from Sante Fe include Miriam Miranda, a Honduran human rights activist who advocates for the land rights of the Garífuna people. </doc> <doc id="2342341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342341" title="Duffield Frith"> Duffield Frith Duffield Frith was, in medieval times, an area of Derbyshire in England, part of that bestowed upon Henry de Ferrers (or Ferrars) by King William, controlled from his seat at Duffield Castle. From 1266 it became part of the Duchy of Lancaster and from 1285 it was a Royal Forest with its own Forest Courts. It extended from Duffield to Wirksworth and from Hulland to Heage. Most of it became the ancient parish of Duffield, which contained the townships of Hazlewood, Holbrook, Makeney and Milford, Shottle, and Windley, and the chapelries of Belper, Heage and Turnditch. The chapelry of Belper – or "Beaureper" – was built by the Duke of Lancaster for the use of the foresters. The area had been noted for centuries for the quantity of deer, mostly fallow, but there was also wild boar. There were also wolves, at least until the end of the thirteenth century. Henry de Ferrers had been granted vast tracts of land, in present day Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Northamptonshire, and Essex and as far south as Wiltshire. In 1070 Hugh d'Avranches was promoted to become Earl of Chester and the Wapentake of Appletree, which covered a large part of south Derbyshire, was passed to de Ferrers. At the centre of this was Tutbury Castle which he adopted as his domestic headquarters. His major landholdings, however, were those of the Anglo-Saxon Siward Barn, following a revolt in 1071, including more land in Berkshire and Essex and also Gloucestershire, Warwickshire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire. In addition to Tutbury Castle, he built two more, probably typical Norman timber motte and bailey construction. Remembering that large areas of the county were laid to waste during the so-called Harrying of the North, and are recorded as such in the Domesday Survey, Pilsbury Castle, on the west bank of the River Dove, was probably built to protect his holdings in the wapentake of Hamston. Meanwhile Duffield Castle commanded an important crossing over the River Derwent and oversaw the parts of the wapentakes of Litchurch and Morleyston, to the west of the river, and that part of his lands that would become the Frith. Much of the estate was granted to Knights who served under him, among them being the Curzons of Kedleston Hall. It will be seen that the de Ferrers controlled an area between the rivers Derwent and Dove, from the River Trent at Tutbury north to the Forest of High Peak. It is not clear how much of this was retained specifically for hunting. Possibly around 1225, when the Forest of East Derbyshire was abolished, Morley Park, which included Belper, was added. In 1266, after a rebellion by Robert de Ferrars, against King Henry III the lands were confiscated and passed to Prince Edmund to be part of the Duchy of Lancaster. Records for Duffield Frith do not begin until this time, and being part of the Duchy, the area was not properly a royal forest until the reign of Henry IV. However Edmund was allowed to hold Forest Courts for Duffield as part of the honour of Tutbury, and King Edward I hunted in between 1290 and 1293 and Edward II visited in 1323. There were four wards: Duffield, Belper, Hulland and Colebrook. Within these were a number of enclosed parks for the keeping of buck and doe (in contrast with the much larger ward of Campana in the Forest of High Peak which was intended for hart and hind.) There were seven of these parks within the Frith, listed by Henry Earl of Lancaster) in 1330 as : Ravensdale, Mansell, Schethull (Shottle), Postern, Bureper (Belper), Morley, and Schymynde-cliffe, (Shining Cliff). There was another park, Champain, on the southern border on what is now Cumberhills, south of Duffield, near Champion Farm. The records of the Duchy of Lancaster have many references to Duffield Frith, including, in 1314, a great larder at Belper, where the venison of the deer was salted down for winter use, and a large cow-house stood in the lower part of Shottle (Cowhouse Lane, listed by the Post Office as "Cowers Lane"). It was a valuable source of timber. Orders are recorded, in 1375 for the delivery of oaks to the Carmelite Friars of Nottingham, the Dominican Friars of Derby, and the Abbott of Darley for building purposes. In September 1405, King Henry IV ordered the chief forester to supply twelve timber oaks towards the repair of Duffield church, and in 1411 to deliver to the tenants of Duffield enough wood for shoring Duffield Bridge (near the present Bridge Inn) while it was rebuilt – using, no doubt, stone from the ruins of the castle. Henry VIII decreed that certain crops should be grown such as flax in modern-day Flaxholme. It should be remembered that, although referred to as forests, these areas were not necessarily woodland overall. However, in any case, no special measures were taken to conserve timber. By the Sixteenth century the forest laws had been relaxed and much of the land was considered as common. A shift had occurred from arable farming to livestock production and it was more profitable to rent the forest for grazing, without protecting the growing shoots of young trees. Meanwhile, the use of timber increased, particularly for iron and lead smelting which increased significantly from the Thirteenth century. Duffield Frith continued to be in the hands of the Crown until the time of Charles I. It had been reduced considerably in size, and in the reign of Elizabeth I it is said to have been thirty miles in circumference. In 1581 a commission investigated ways in which extra royal revenues might be gained. By then Shining Cliff and the manor of Alderwasley had been transferred to the Lowe family, leaving the three wards of Duffield, Belper and Hulland. It reported that the game had virtually disappeared and much of the area was held in common by tenants and copyholders who would suffer if the woods were enclosed. They suggested developing the facilities for smelting the ores and a charge on lead similar to that levied in Wirksworth. By this time the forest had been almost completely denuded. One effect of this was a move towards the use of coal. Water power was already used for grinding corn and wool fulling. It found increasing use for mechanising the various forms of mineral processing. In 1556, one of the earliest ore-stamping mills was built at Hulland Ward by Burchard Kranich, who, two years earlier, had built the first Smeltmill for extracting lead from its ore at Makeney. Matters were left in abeyance until 1633, when the Frith ceased to be a royal forest. The Duchy of Lancaster assigned one third of Belper and Hulland to the Crown and rented to Sir Edward Sydenham. The remainder was divided and enclosed and passed to the commoners. When it came to Duffield Ward, however, the majority of the commoners opposed the proposal. Nevertheless, the Duchy council went ahead and selected the best areas for the Crown, particularly those that were rich in coal. Moreover the areas assigned to the commoners were only granted to those who had previously agreed to the scheme. This culminated in 1643 in the inhabitants forcibly throwing open all the enclosures in Duffield – or Chevin Ward, including Shottle Park. The commoners were about to seek a judicial review when the Civil War began, and all this part of the old forest so seized remained common until 1786, when were enclosed by Act of George III. Ravensdale Park, between Windley and Hulland, is today listed as a Scheduled Ancient Monument. Shining Cliff Wood is on long lease to the Forestry Commission and is listed as containing an SSSI. Having been excavated at the end of the nineteenth century, the castle at Duffield has been sadly neglected, since there is little to see. A paper by Derbyshire County Council has suggested: "The area of Duffield Frith is one within which, as noted above, there is good surviving evidence of medieval settlements and field systems. There are extensive documentary records for the forest and opportunity exists for research into the development of these settlements and the economy within a royal forest." </doc> <doc id="2342342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342342" title="Santa Rosa de Aguán"> Santa Rosa de Aguán Santa Rosa de Aguán () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Colón. It was affected by Hurricane Mitch. </doc> <doc id="2342343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342343" title="Tocoa, Colón"> Tocoa, Colón Tocoa, Colón is a municipality and a city in the northern Honduran department of Colón slightly inland at 38 m elevation in the valley of Aguán on the right bank of the river. It is situated between Garcia and La Abiscinia hills, 61 km from Trujillo, 30 km from Sabá, 70 km from Olanchito, 100 km from La Ceiba, and 303 km from San Pedro Sula. Tocoa's territory is watered by the rivers Río Tocoa, Río Taujíca, Río San Pedro, and Río Salamá. The climate is hot and tropical with an average temperature of 29°C; the rainy season lasts from June to January, with an average precipitation of 1000 mm annually. Tocoa was founded in 1871 by settlers from inland Olancho, and declared a municipality in 1892. Juan J. Evangelista was the first mayor. The current 2014-2018 Municipal Council is headed by Adan Funez. C.D. Real Sociedad plays its games in Tocoa at the municipally-owned stadium, Estadio Francisco Martínez Durón. The team gain promotion to the first division in 2012, where they brought high profile players like Julio César de León. The team has had success in their short time in the premier division reaching the final on multiple occasions. The investment in the sport has brought full stadiums and a respectable performance in the league. There are several businesses, banks, companies, local and international organizations based out of Tocoa, namely: Fundacion San Alonso; CASM; Programa Mundial de Alimentos; Misiones del Agua Internacional (www.misionesdelaguainternacional.blogspot.com), a Christian engineering non-profit organization offering aid to needy people in areas such as safe water, sanitation, health and hygiene, etc., which has its Regional Latin America office in Tocoa and its World Headquarters in Charleston, SC. There is a Rehabilitation Center (Centro de Rehabilitacion Integral de Colon - CRICOL ) which provides high - quality multidisciplinary care to the people with disability. </doc> <doc id="2342344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342344" title="Sonaguera"> Sonaguera Sonaguera is a municipality in the Department of Colón, Honduras, Central America, located approximately one hour south of La Ceiba. Sonaguera has a population of 44,079 inhabitants. The area surrounding Sonaguera is principally agricultural, with the major crop being oranges. Both Valencia and Pina oranges are grown in the region. The Association of Citricultores, Sonaguera, Colon (ACISON) represents the orange growers of the region. </doc> <doc id="2342345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342345" title="Trujillo, Honduras"> Trujillo, Honduras Trujillo is a city and a municipality on the northern Caribbean coast of the Honduran department of Colón, of which the city is the capital. The municipality has a population of about 30,000 (2003). The city is located on a bluff overlooking the Bay of Trujillo. Behind the city rise two prominent mountains, Mount Capiro and Mount Calentura. Three Garifuna fishing villages—Santa Fe, San Antonio, and Guadelupe—are located along the beach. Trujillo has received plenty of attention as the potential site of a proposed Honduran charter city project, according to an idea originally advocated by American economist Paul Romer. Often referred to as a "Hong Kong in Honduras", and advocated by among others the Trujillo-born Honduran president Porfirio Lobo Sosa, the project has also been met with skepticism and controversy, especially due to its supposed disregard for the local Garifuna culture. Christopher Columbus landed in Trujillo on August 14, 1502, during his fourth and final voyage to the Americas. Columbus named the place "Punta de Caxinas". It was the first time he touched the Central American mainland. He noticed that the water in this part of the Caribbean was very deep and therefore called the area "Golfo de Honduras", i.e., "The Gulf of the Depths" ("see": Bay of Honduras). The history of the modern town begins in 1524, shortly after the conquest of Mexico by Hernán Cortés. Cortés sent Cristóbal de Olid to find a Spanish outpost in the region, and he established a town named Triunfo de la Cruz in the vicinity. When Olid began using the town as his base for establishing his own realm in Central America, Cortés sent Francisco de las Casas to remove him. Las Casas lost most of his fleet in a storm, but he was nevertheless able to defeat Olid and restore the region to Cortés. Upon assuming control, Las Casas decided to relocate the town to its present location, because the natural harbor was larger. At the same time, Triunfo de la Cruz was renamed Trujillo. His deputy, Juan López de Aguirre was charged with establishing the new town, but he sailed off, leaving another deputy, named Medina, to found the town. In the coming years Trujillo became more important as a shipment point for gold and silver mined in the interior of the country. Because of its sparse population, the city also became a frequent target of pirates. Under Spanish rule Trujillo became the capital of Honduras, but because of its vulnerability the capital was changed to the inland town of Comayagua. The fortress, Fortaleza de Santa Bárbara (El Castillo), which sits on the bluff overlooking the bay, was built by the Spanish around 1550. Nevertheless, it was inadequate to really defend Trujillo from pirates—the largest gathering of pirates in history took place in the vicinity in 1683—or rival colonial powers: the Dutch, French, and English. The town was destroyed several times between 1633 and 1797, and during the eighteenth century, the Spanish all but abandoned Trujillo because it was deemed indefensible. When Honduras obtained its independence in 1821, Trujillo lost its status of capital city permanently first to Comayagua, which lost it to Tegucigalpa in 1880. From this same period onwards Trujillo began to prosper again. In 1860, the mercenary William Walker, who had seized control of neighboring Nicaragua, was finally caught and executed in Trujillo. His tomb is a local tourist attraction. American author O. Henry (William Sydney Porter) spent about a year living in Honduras, primarily in Trujillo. He later wrote a number of short stories that took place in "Coralio" in the fictional Central American country of "Anchuria", based on the real town of Trujillo. Most of these stories appear in his book "Of Cabbages and Kings". Historically, Trujillo was known for its cattle industry, alongside Omoa. Most of the cattle raised was retained for use by Hondurans, and not exported. </doc> <doc id="2342346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342346" title="Captain America and The Avengers"> Captain America and The Avengers Players can choose to play as one of four members of the Avengers: Captain America, Iron Man, Hawkeye, and the Vision. Each character can fight hand-to-hand; throw select items when on the ground; and use a ranged special attack, either a projectile weapon (Captain America's shield and Hawkeye's arrows) or an energy beam (Iron Man and Vision), known as that character's "Avenger Attack." Other Avengers, including the Wasp, Quicksilver, Wonder Man, and Namor the Sub-Mariner, appear when special power-ups are collected, allowing those characters to temporarily assist the players' characters. The Red Skull has assembled an army of supervillains and other henchmen in a plot to take over the world. Along with battling generic enemies, players also face Klaw, the Living Laser, Whirlwind, The Sentinels, Wizard, the Grim Reaper, the Mandarin, The Juggernaut, Ultron, the assassin Crossbones, and finally the Red Skull himself. Most game levels feature side-scrolling fighting, with free movement as in traditional arcade brawlers. Occasionally, players take flight for side-scrolling flying & shooting sequences; Iron Man and Vision fly on their own, while Captain America and Hawkeye use flying machines. The original arcade game was sold in two forms. One version allowed four players to play simultaneously, with each player position controlling a specific character. An alternate version featured two-player gameplay, with players able to select from any of the available four characters. Data East released a home version of the game in North America for the Sega Genesis co-developed with ISCO/Opera House. This version was published in Europe by Sega for the Mega Drive. The game was later licensed to Mindscape, who released its own ports of the arcade game for the Super NES, Game Boy and Game Gear. The versions published by Mindscape were developed by Realtime Associates. Data East also released a different NES game with the same title. The NES version is a side-scrolling action platform game. The only playable characters in this version are Captain America and Hawkeye; their mission is to save the Vision and Iron Man from Mandarin, then defeat the Red Skull. As with the Genesis/Mega Drive port, the NES game was developed in Japan but not released there. Data East's third and final entry in their Captain America and The Avengers licensed video games was the "Avengers in Galactic Storm", which was an arcade exclusive fighting game that became the first to feature assist characters and duplex desperation moves. An arcade cabinet of the game can be spotted in the 1994 comedy "Airheads". One page of Matt Fraction's run of Hawkeye comics directly lifts from the arcade game's artwork. In reviewing the Game Gear version, "GamePro" dismissed the game as "a forgettable scroller" with mediocre animation and sound. "Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave it a 6.4 out of 10, saying it "fares well on this Game Gear version, even without the Two-player Simultaneous Play Option." </doc> <doc id="2342348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342348" title="Ploshchad Revolyutsii (Moscow Metro)"> Ploshchad Revolyutsii (Moscow Metro) Ploshchad Revolyutsii () is one of the most famous stations of the Moscow Metro, in the Tverskoy District of central Moscow. The station is named after Revolution Square, under which it is located. It is located on the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line. When the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line was first built, the tracks from Ploshchad Revolyutsii extended westward to Aleksandrovsky Sad rather than Arbatskaya. When the westward extension of the line was completed in 1953, trains were rerouted through the new segment. The station opened in 1938, its architect was Alexey Dushkin. The station features red and yellow marble arches resting on low pylons faced with black Armenian marble. The spaces between the arches are partially filled by decorative ventilation grilles and ceiling tracery. The station is also famous for its' socialist realism statues. Each arch is flanked by a pair of bronze sculptures by Matvey Manizer depicting the people of the Soviet Union, including soldiers, farmers, athletes, writers, aviators, industrial workers, and schoolchildren. There are a total of 76 sculptures in the station. From this station, passengers can transfer to Teatralnaya on the Zamoskvoretskaya Line and Okhotny Ryad on the Sokolnicheskaya Line, but the latter can be reached only through Teatralnaya as there is no direct transfer. </doc> <doc id="2342349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342349" title="Letting in the Jungle"> Letting in the Jungle "Letting In the Jungle" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which continues Mowgli's adventures from "Mowgli's Brothers" and "Tiger! Tiger!". The story was written at Kipling's parents' home in Tisbury, Wiltshire, and is therefore the only Mowgli story not written in Vermont. It was published in the Pall Mall Gazette and the Pall Mall Budget for December 13, 1894, and in McClure's Magazine for January 1895, before being collected as the third story in "The Second Jungle Book" (1895). In the previous story Mowgli fulfilled his vow to kill the tiger Shere Khan and to lay his hide upon the wolfpack's Council Rock, but was cast out of the human village after its chief hunter Buldeo learned of his friendship with wolves and accused him of sorcery. Mowgli returns to the jungle and tries to forget humanity, but Akela tells him that Buldeo is still searching for him. Grey Brother suggests killing Buldeo, but Mowgli angrily forbids him. Mowgli and the wolves stalk Buldeo and eavesdrop on his conversation with some charcoal-burners. Mowgli is shocked to discover that the villagers have imprisoned his adoptive human parents, Messua and her husband, and are planning to execute them for fostering Mowgli. Ordering the wolves to harry Buldeo and prevent him from returning to the village, Mowgli returns there to rescue his parents. He discovers that his adopted wolf mother Raksha has also arrived, and warns her to keep out of sight while he frees Messua and her husband. Messua is thankful that her son has returned to save them, but her husband is resentful at losing most of his money and possessions and shows no paternal warmth toward Mowgli. Messua and her husband set off on foot for the town of Khanhiwara, some thirty miles away, guarded by Raksha at a discreet distance. Meanwhile, Bagheera the panther arrives and takes their place in the hut, so that when the villagers arrive to take out the prisoners they get an unpleasant surprise. The next day Mowgli tells Bagheera he has a plan to take revenge on the villagers, a plan that involves Hathi the elephant and his sons. Bagheera is sceptical that Hathi will answer Mowgli's summons, but is surprised when he does so. Mowgli tells Hathi of a story Buldeo once told, about an elephant that escaped from a trap and took revenge upon his captors by trampling their fields and villages. Hathi confirms Mowgli's suspicion that he was the elephant in the story. Mowgli wants Hathi to destroy Buldeo's village as well, but to take more time doing so. Over the course of several weeks the village fields are invaded by herds of pigs, deer and Wild Asian Water buffalo, the livestock is harried by wolves, and the elephants destroy the grain storage bins. While all this is happening Mowgli keeps well out of sight so that the villagers will not suspect his involvement. Finally, as the rainy season sets in, the elephants tear down the village huts and any villagers who have not already left flee for their lives. Six months afterward the wreckage has been completely swallowed by wild jungle and Mowgli's revenge is complete. Publication information is taken from the appendix to "The World's Classics" edition of "The Second Jungle Book", Oxford University Press, 1987, . </doc> <doc id="2342363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342363" title="Danny Boy (singer)"> Danny Boy (singer) Danny Boy is a contemporary African-American soul singer originally signed for a five-year run with Death Row Records by Suge Knight. He made his debut on 1994's Murder Was the Case soundtrack with the R&B charter Come When I Call (Produced by DJ Quik). In 1995, he released his first single entitled Slip N Slide (Produced by Reggie Moore and co-produced by DeVante Swing) with then unknown artist Ginuwine singing the chorus. The video was shot in Cabo, and also features scenes with 2Pac, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg and Tha Dogg Pound. Danny is best known for singing the choruses of the 2pac songs "I Ain't Mad at Cha", "What'z Ya Phone #", "Picture Me Rollin'" and "Heaven Ain't Hard 2 Find" on "All Eyez on Me", as well as "Toss It Up" on "". He had recorded several albums' worth of music while on Death Row Records, but none were released during his time there. Danny Boy also made an appearance on Tha Row's soundtrack to Eddie Griffin's Dysfunktional Family movie and also appeared on American Idol, but was disqualified due to continued internet promotion by his former label. He is currently working on some projects for his own label "Eclectic Soul Music Group" and resides in the suburbs of Atlanta, Georgia. On April 20, 2010 Death Row Records, under new management, finally released Danny Boy's 1996 debut album It's About Time featuring production by DJ Quik & DeVante Swing. In 2016, Danny Boy announced that he is gay. In an interview on Vlad TV, he also announced that he is working to prevent suicide within the gay and lesbian community. </doc> <doc id="2342364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342364" title="HMS Hermes (1898)"> HMS Hermes (1898) HMS "Hermes" was a "Highflyer"-class protected cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the 1890s. She spent much of her early career as flagship for various foreign stations before returning home in 1913 to be assigned to the reserve Third Fleet. The ship was modified later that year as the first experimental seaplane carrier in the Royal Navy. In that year's annual fleet manoeuvers, she was used to evaluate how aircraft could cooperate with the fleet and if aircraft could be operated successfully at sea for an extended time. The trials were a success and "Hermes" was paid off in December at their conclusion. She was recommissioned at the beginning of World War I in August 1914 for service as an aircraft ferry and depot ship for the Royal Naval Air Service. She was torpedoed and sunk by a German submarine in the Straits of Dover that October, with the loss of 44 lives. "Hermes" was designed to displace . The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . She was powered by two 4-cylinder triple-expansion steam engines, each driving one shaft, which produced a total of designed to give a maximum speed of . "Hermes" reached a speed of from , during her sea trials. The engines were powered by 18 Belleville boilers. She carried a maximum of of coal and her complement consisted of 470 officers and enlisted men. Her main armament consisted of 11 quick-firing (QF) Mk I guns. One gun was mounted on the forecastle and two others were positioned on the quarterdeck. The remaining eight guns were placed port and starboard amidships. They had a maximum range of approximately with their shells. Eight quick-firing (QF) 12-pounder 12 cwt guns were fitted for defence against torpedo boats. One additional 12-pounder 8 cwt gun could be dismounted for service ashore. "Hermes" also carried six 3-pounder Hotchkiss guns and two submerged 18-inch torpedo tubes. The ship's protective deck armour ranged in thickness from . The engine hatches were protected by of armour. The main guns were fitted with 3-inch gun shields and the conning tower had armour 6 inches thick. "Hermes", named after the Greek god Hermes, was laid down by Fairfield Shipbuilding & Engineering at their shipyard in Govan, Scotland on 30 April 1897, and launched on 7 April 1898, when she was named by Lady Kelvin. She was completed on 5 October 1899, and commissioned for service on the North America and West Indies Station by Captain Frank Hannam Henderson. She visited Bermuda and the West Indies in January 1900, and two months later arrived in Nassau, Bahamas with her shaft broken and boilers damaged. She served as the flagship of the North America and West Indies Station until late 1901 when she returned home to have her troublesome Belleville boilers replaced with Babcock & Wilcox boilers. The work was undertaken by Harland & Wolff at Belfast, where she arrived from Devonport in May 1902, in tow of the special service vessel HMS "Traveller". She was assigned to the Channel Fleet until 1905 when she was reduced to reserve at Portsmouth Royal Dockyard. The ship was recommissioned the following year as the flagship of the East Indies station, but she became the flagship of the Cape of Good Hope Station in 1907. "Hermes" returned home in March 1913 and was reduced to reserve as part of the Nore Command the next month. Work began to modify her to accommodate three seaplanes in April to evaluate the use of aircraft in support of the fleet. Her forward 6-inch gun was removed and a tracked launching platform was built over the forecastle. A canvas hangar was fitted at the aft end of the rails to shelter the aircraft from the weather and a derrick was rigged from the foremast to lift the seaplane from the water. The guns on the quarterdeck were removed to allow for a seaplane to be stowed there in another hangar. A third aircraft could also be carried amidships, exposed to the elements. Three storage lockers were fitted with a total capacity of of petrol in tins. "Hermes" was recommissioned on 7 May and loaded two unknown aircraft on 5 July, making nine flights with them before 14 July. For the trials she initially used a Borel Bo.11 and a Short Folder, but the Borel was damaged in a storm and replaced by a Caudron G.2 amphibian. This latter aircraft took off successfully while the ship was moving on 28 July, but the take-off platform only seems to have been used twice during this time. During the manoeuvers, she simulated a reconnaissance Zeppelin for the Red Fleet, commanded by Vice Admiral John Jellicoe. The Folder could only carry a small wireless transmitter because of weight limits and it would be launched to search for enemy ships and report back to Hermes which would retransmit its message with its more powerful transmitter. The aircraft made a total of about 30 flights before 6 October. The tests showed that aircraft required radio transmitters to usefully perform reconnaissance, that sustained use of aircraft at sea was possible and that handling aircraft aboard ship and on the sea imposed their own set of requirements that could not be met by converted land-based aircraft. The ship was paid off on 30 December, but was recommissioned on 31 August 1914. Assigned to the Nore Command, she was used to ferry aircraft and stores to France. It is uncertain if the flying-off platform was reinstalled. On 30 October she arrived at Dunkirk with one load of seaplanes. The next morning, "Hermes" set out on the return journey but was recalled because a German submarine was reported in the area. Despite zigzagging at a speed of , she was torpedoed by at a range of . "Hermes" sank off Ruylingen Bank in the Straits of Dover with the loss of 22 of her crew. Her wreck lies upside down in approximately of water at coordinates . In January 2017, two English divers were charged with failing to declare items removed from the wreck of "Hermes", in contravention of the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. </doc> <doc id="2342376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342376" title="Fairground Attraction"> Fairground Attraction Fairground Attraction was a British folk and soft rock band, best known for their hit song "Perfect" and the subsequent single "Find My Love". The band launched the careers of lead vocalist Eddi Reader and songwriter Mark E. Nevin. In 1987, RCA signed Fairground Attraction, and in April 1988 released their first single, "Perfect", an immediate success, reaching number one on the UK Singles Chart. In May 1988, RCA released their album "The First of a Million Kisses," a blend of folk, jazz, country, and cajun elements (with all but one of its songs written by Nevin). The album duplicated the success of "Perfect". After entering the UK Albums Chart at number three, and rising to number two, it was eventually certified platinum. RCA released three other singles from the album: "Find My Love" (which reached number seven on the UK Singles Chart), "A Smile in a Whisper", and "Clare". At the 1989 BRIT Awards, "Perfect" won the award for Best British Single, and "The First of a Million Kisses" won the award for Best British Album. Although they were popular in European countries, and toured the United States, they found their main success outside the UK in Japan, where they toured in 1989 (a tour that produced their only live album, "Kawasaki Live in Japan 02.07.89"). In September 1989, during the recording of their second album, "Ay Fond Kiss", rumours of arguments circulated, and in January 1990 the band split up. RCA released the album in June, and one of its songs, a cover of Patsy Cline's 1957 country hit "Walkin' After Midnight", was their last single. The album was made up of B-sides and other material recorded alongside their first album (many being collaborations by just two band members). Nevin later recorded material intended for the second album with Brian Kennedy under the name Sweetmouth, and eight tracks subsequently appeared on Fairground Attraction's "Kawasaki Live in Japan 02.07.89" album. After the band's break-up, Eddi Reader continued to perform as a solo artist. Mark E. Nevin worked with Morrissey, co-writing most of their Kill Uncle album, and with Kirsty MacColl, before embarking on his own solo career, during which he made five albums. </doc> <doc id="2342383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342383" title="Lü Clan Disturbance"> Lü Clan Disturbance The Lü Clan Disturbance (, 180 BCE) refers to a political upheaval after the death of Empress Lü Zhi of the Han dynasty, the aftermath of which saw her clan, the Lü, who were consort kin, being deposed from their seats of power and massacred; the deposition of the puppet Emperor Houshao; and the accession to the throne of Emperor Wen. Sometimes the term also encompasses the total domination of the political scene by Empress Lü Zhi and her kin after the death of her son Emperor Hui (188 BCE) to an extent even greater than during his reign. When Emperor Hui died in autumn 188 BCE, his son (noting that this parentage is disputed) Liu Gong ascended to the throne as Emperor Qianshao. However, there was no pretension that he was actually in charge; Emperor Hui's mother Empress Lü Zhi, titled "Grand Empress Dowager Lü", was the one who publicly and actually controlled the political power. In winter 188 BCE, Grand Empress Dowager Lü wanted to make her brothers princes despite her husband Emperor Gaozu's ruling that only members of the imperial Liu clan could be made princes – a ruling that Grand Empress Dowager Lü had a hand in creating. She was opposed by Right Minister Wang Ling (王陵) but was supported by Left Minister Chen Ping and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces, Zhou Bo. When Wang rebuked Chen and Zhou in private for going against Gaozu's ruling, they explained that their compliance with Grand Empress Dowager Lü's position was necessary to protect the empire and the Liu family. Grand Empress Dowager Lü then promoted Wang to the honorary position of the emperor's teacher (太傅, "taifu"); Wang declined, claiming illness. Lü removed him from his position as Right Minister and had him (as Marquess of Anguo) returned to his march (in modern Baoding, Hebei) and promoted Chen to Right Minister ("right" being the more honoured direction) and her lover Shen Yiji (審食其), Marquess of Piyang, to Left Minister. Grand Empress Dowager Lü then went ahead and carried out her plan to make members of her clan princes. In summer 187 BCE, after her daughter, Princess Yuan of Lu died, she made the princess's son, Zhang Yan (張偃), Prince of Lu. Princess Yuan of Lu's husband and Zhang Yan's father, Zhang Ao (張敖), had, during Gaozu's reign, been Prince of Zhao, but was removed as part of the policy against non-Liu princes, so Grand Empress Dowager Lü might have felt that making Zhang Yan a prince would be considered to be more justified; when Zhang Ao died in 182 BCE, he was posthumously honoured as a prince. A month later, she required the emperor's officials to formally petition her to make her nephew Lü Tai (呂台) Prince of Lü – carving the principality out from the Principality of Qi. Also, in the unprecedented and subsequently rare action of granting a female a march, in 184 BCE, she made her younger sister Lü Xu (呂須) Marchioness of Lingguang. In spring 181 BCE, Lü Tai's son Lü Chan (呂產), who had become Prince of Lü after his father's death, was given the larger principality of Liang, but did not go to his principality but stayed in the capital Chang'an to serve as the emperor's teacher and assistant to Grand Empress Dowager Lü. Later that year, the grand empress dowager made her nephew Lü Lu (呂祿) Prince of Zhao and another son of Lü Tai's, Lü Tong (呂通), Prince of Yan. In summer of 180 BCE, Grand Empress Dowager Lü died. Immediately before her death, she had put Lü Lu and Lü Chan in charge of the imperial guards – Lü Lu in charge of the stronger northern division and Lü Chan in charge of the weaker southern division – and also the government. After her death, it was alleged that the Lü clan had a plan to overthrow the Han dynasty and assume imperial power themselves. Purportedly, this plan was leaked to Liu Zhang, the Marquess of Zhuxu and grandson of Emperor Gao through his oldest son Liu Fei (劉肥), who had married a daughter of Lü Lu and who had learned of the plan from his wife. Liu Zhang then planned a rebellion with his younger brother Liu Xingju, the Marquess of Dongmou, and their older brother Liu Xiang, the Prince of Qi. Under their plan, Liu Xiang would lead Qi forces against the capital, while Liu Zhang and Liu Xingju would persuade the imperial guards to rise up against the Lüs. If they were successful, they planned to have Liu Xiang declared emperor. However, everything did not go to plan. In autumn 180 BCE, Liu Xiang did indeed start a military campaign with his own forces and also gained the support of the nearby Principality of Langye. Lü Chan sent Guan Ying (灌嬰), the Marquess of Yingyin, against the Qi forces, but Guan, unwilling to fight the Qi forces (because he actually distrusted the Lüs more than Qi), managed to negotiate a secret armistice with Liu Xiang, and both armies halted some distance apart from each other. Allegedly, at this time, the Lüs were ready to take over the imperial dynasty, but did not do so because they were concerned at the reactions of Zhou Bo, Liu Zhang, and the principalities of Qi and Chu. While the crisis was forming in Xi'an, so was a new conspiracy, involving: The conspirators first tried to get the Lüs to give up power voluntarily, by having Li Ji persuade Lü Lu that the best course of action for him and Lü Chan was to return to their principalities and turn over power to Zhou and Chen. Lü Lu agreed, but was unable to reach a consensus with the Lü clan elders. The conspirators then took drastic actions. Ji issued a forged imperial edict, ordering the northern division of the imperial guards to be turned over to Zhou. When the edict arrived at the northern division's camp, Li and Liu Jie persuaded Lü Lu that the edict was genuine and that he should obey it, and he did so. Zhou then, after requiring the guards to affirm their loyalty to the imperial Liu clan, took over the northern division. The conspirators then took action against Lü Chan, who had not known of this turn in events. While Lü Chan was trying to enter the imperial palace (alleged by the conspirators later to be preparing for the takeover), Liu Zhang and Cao took control of the gates of the palace and had Lü Chan and his guards trapped in the courtyard. Zhou sent some soldiers to Liu Zhang, who fought with Lü Chan's guards and killed him in battle. Over the next few days, the Lü clan was slaughtered to the last person. The conspirators argued that their actions were justified in order to protect Emperor Houshao against the Lü conspiracy, but once the Lüs were killed, they alleged that neither the emperor nor his brothers were in fact Emperor Hui's sons. Rather, they suggested that Empress Zhang Yan, Emperor Hui's wife, had stolen and adopted the boys at Empress Dowager Lü's instigation. They also admitted that they were concerned about reprisals when Emperor Houshao and his brothers grew up. They then agreed to depose Emperor Houshao and invite an imperial prince, not from Emperor Hui's line, to be the new emperor. As to which prince to choose to be the new emperor, some of the conspirators suggested that Liu Xiang, being the oldest grandson of Emperor Gao and the son of Emperor Gao's oldest son, was the obvious choice. However, most of the important officials disagreed with this suggestion. They were concerned that Liu Xiang's uncle Si Jun (駟均) was a dominating figure and that, if Liu Xiang were to become emperor, they would have a repeat of the Lü clan situation. They believed that Emperor Gao's oldest surviving son, 23-year-old Prince Liu Heng of Dai, was the better choice, because he was known to be filial and tolerant, and because his mother Consort Bo's family was known to be careful and kind. They then secretly sent messengers to Prince Heng, inviting him to be the new emperor. In response to the invitation, Prince Heng's advisors were suspicious. Apparently they felt that the massacre of the Lü clan was unjustified, and were concerned that the officials in fact had intended on making Prince Heng a puppet and were ready to take real power themselves. However, one of Prince Heng's advisors, Song Chang (宋昌), had a different opinion. He believed that the people were supportive of the Han dynasty and would not tolerate a takeover; and that given that there were many other principalities outside the capital, that the officials, even if they had wanted to, would be unable to usurp imperial power. Still uncertain, Prince Heng sent his uncle Bo Zhao (薄昭) to Xi'an to meet with Zhou, who guaranteed that the officials were sincere in their invitation and had no ulterior motive. Bo believed them and urged Prince Heng to accept the offer. Prince Heng then headed to Chang'an. During an evening ceremony at the Dai mission in the capital, the officials, led by Chen, offered the throne to Prince Heng, and he accepted, formally ascending the throne after declining four times, as Emperor Wen. That same night, Liu Xingju evicted Emperor Houshao from the imperial palace, and the officials welcomed Emperor Wen to the palace with great pomp. Overall, the Lü Clan Disturbance had positive effects for the Han dynasty. It was affirmed that the power would rest with the emperor. Further, and more importantly, Emperor Wen became an effective, thrifty, hard-working and benevolent ruler, and the reigns of Emperor Wen and his son Emperor Jing were generally regarded as one of the golden ages of Chinese history. What happened to the Lü clan has often been used throughout Chinese history as a warning to the families of empresses not to assume too much power, and to emperors not to allow them to do so. </doc> <doc id="2342386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342386" title="Josh Jarman"> Josh Jarman Josh Jarman is a 2004 Australian comedy film directed by Pip Mushin and starring Marcus Graham. Filming took place around Melbourne, Australia. "Josh Jarman" grossed $11,800 at the box office in Australia. </doc> <doc id="2342388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342388" title="M. J. Nolan"> M. J. Nolan M. J. Nolan (born 25 January 1951) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 1982 to 1997, and from 2002 to 2011. Nolan was born in Muine Bheag in County Carlow, and educated at De La Salle school in Muine Bheag and at Mount St. Joseph's in Roscrea, County Tipperary. He first held political office in 1973 when he became a member of Muine Bheag Town Council, a position which he held until 1985. He also served on Carlow County Council from 1979 until 2003, and in May 1982 he was nominated by the Taoiseach, Charles Haughey, to the 16th Seanad. Nolan, a son of the former cabinet minister Tom Nolan, was first elected as a Fianna Fáil TD for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency at the November 1982 general election. In 1991, he was one of a "gang of four" (including Noel Dempsey, Liam Fitzgerald and Seán Power) who tabled a motion of no confidence against Charles Haughey as Taoiseach and party leader. Nolan lost his seat at the 1997 general election to constituency colleague John J. McGuinness. However, he was elected to the 21st Seanad by the Agricultural Panel at a by-election in December 2001. He regained his Dáil seat at the 2002 general election, and was re-elected in 2007. He is married to Mary Forde and has two sons and two daughters. He retired from politics at the 2011 general election. </doc> <doc id="2342394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342394" title="Liempde"> Liempde Liempde is a village in the Netherlands in the municipality Boxtel. Annually the Flevo Christian music festival is held here. In 2005 the event What the Hack took place in Liempde. Liempde is situated in the center of the Dutch province North Brabant in the valley of the Dommel. It lies in the center of the triangle formed by 's-Hertogenbosch, Tilburg and Eindhoven. Until the end of the nineteenth century it was a dark and diffuse area. The economy was mostly based on the production of wooden shoes. Today a few of these manufacturers still exist. In the beginning of the twentieth century Philips changed Eindhoven in the 'city of lights'. In Liempde this turned the darkness into a gloom. Each year at second Easter day the people celebrate the 'coming of the gloom' by a manifestation called 'Boeremèrt'. That day the entire village returns to the 'era of the coming of the light'. Storytellers, musicians, old policemen seem to return from their graves. Stories are told about their ancestors—like the famous Neighbour Piet and the unforgettable Jan Pieters—and about the secret cave near the Dommel. Liempde was a separate municipality until 1996, when it became part of Boxtel. A possible paramilitary camp of PKK was located in the village. But this appeared to be a mistake and all suspects were innocent. </doc> <doc id="2342406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342406" title="Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center"> Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center The Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center (TTUHSC) is a multi-campus institution based in Lubbock, Texas with additional campuses located in Abilene, Amarillo, Dallas, El Paso and the Permian Basin. TTUHSC serves more than 100 counties in the western portion of Texas. The university is a separate institution from Texas Tech University; both universities are among four universities that are part of the Texas Tech University System. The school began in 1983 as the School of Allied Health Sciences and currently has campuses in Amarillo, Lubbock, and the Permian Basin. More than 1,100 students are currently enrolled in 18 different degree programs at the doctoral, master’s and baccalaureate degree levels. These programs include areas of study, such as athletic training, audiology, clinical management, medical laboratory science, molecular pathology, physical and occupational therapy, physician assistant, rehabilitation, and speech-language pathology. The Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine in Lubbock has awarded more than 3,000 Doctor of Medicine degrees since its first graduating class in 1974. The school was commissioned to train physicians to help meet the health care needs of residents of West Texas, a population that now includes more than 2.5 million people. When the school opened, West Texas had one physician for every 1,300 residents. Currently, the ratio is about one physician for every 750 residents. Students spend their first two years of study in Lubbock and their last two years studying in Amarillo, Odessa or Lubbock. A self-proclaimed major initiative for the school is to "recruit creative, innovative research faculty and to develop graduate students and postdoctoral fellows for lifelong careers in medical research." The school has campuses in Lubbock, Permian Basin, Highland Lakes, and Abilene; and it educates more than 1,000 students each year. Bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees in nursing are issued by the school. The School of Nursing offers the only Doctor of Nursing Practice program in West Texas. The school is known for its alternatives to traditional educational opportunities including online coursework for a registered nurse to obtain a Bachelor of Science in Nursing, a second-degree Bachelor of Science in Nursing program for students with a bachelor's degree in another subject, and a Veteran to Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree for veterans with military medical experience who wish to earn a nursing degree but already have considerable knowledge that distinguishes them from a traditional nursing student. The School of Pharmacy’s administrative hub is located in Amarillo and the school has regional campus sites in Lubbock, Dallas and Abilene. The school has two Dallas-area regional sites: one located on the grounds of the North Texas Veterans Administration Medical Center and the second located within the central Dallas medical district. Lubbock faculty and residents also operate the TTUHSC Pharmacy, which provides medications and biologicals to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Montford Unit Regional Medical Facility; the TTUHSC International Pain Institute; the Garrison Geriatric Education and Care Center; and TTUHSC clinics in Lubbock, Odessa and El Paso. The TTUHSC Pharmacy also provides telepharmacy services to the rural communities of Turkey and Earth, Texas. The first telepharmacy prescription dispensed in Texas occurred September 18, 2002, between the TTUHSC Pharmacy and the Turkey Medical Clinic. The presence of TTUHSC has impacted the access to health care in West Texas. Over 20% of the physicians currently practicing in West Texas are TTUHSC medical school or residency graduates. The schools of Nursing and Health Professions impact West Texas, with most of their graduates remaining in West Texas to pursue their chosen profession. Over 80% of School of Pharmacy graduates have chosen to practice in Texas. Usually held in August, a new group of first-year medical students participate in the White Coat Ceremony each year. This event is a rite of passage for first-year medical students as they don their coats and take a Hippocratic oath affirming their commitment to the highest standards of ethics and patient care. At the TTUHSC School of Medicine in Lubbock, the ceremony is held at the Lubbock Memorial Civic Center. </doc> <doc id="2342410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342410" title="Balfarg"> Balfarg Balfarg is a prehistoric monument complex, and an adjacent residential area, in Glenrothes in Fife, Scotland. The Balfarg henge, located at , is part of a larger prehistoric ceremonial complex. It contains the remnants of a stone circle which has been partly reconstructed. The Balfarg henge was excavated between 1977 and 1978 by Roger Mercer prior to the development of a new housing estate, work which established that the two extant standing stones were part of a circle that stood within the henge. The two surviving specimens lined the north-west oriented entrance to the henge. Within the diameter henge were found broken Neolithic pottery, burnt wood and bone which had been dumped on the site prior to the erection of a wide timber circle of 16 wooden posts. Two especially large portal timbers stood on the west side of the circle. It is likely that the henge was built after these phases of activity. Grooved ware pottery found in the postholes dates to around 2900 BC. Some of the vessels may have been used to hold black henbane ("Hyoscyamus niger") which is a poison but also a powerful hallucinogen. Five further concentric post rings had also been erected outside and inside the main wooden circle although these were made from narrower timbers and may have supported hurdling or a palisade. Later during the site's use the timber circle was replaced by two concentric stone circles, again with an entrance to the west and some time after this the henge was constructed. Around 1900 BC a pit was dug in the centre of the stone circles and in it was placed the body of a young man along with a flint knife and a handled beaker. Later excavation between 1983 and 1985 by Barclay and Russell-White demonstrated that there were scatters of earlier Neolithic pits round the Balfarg henge. These excavations also discovered a second henge, which surrounded a Neolithic timber mortuary enclosure. A second such timber structure lay just outside the henge, partly overlain by a complex of two burial cairns. Nearby is the Balbirnie stone circle, which is also part of the complex. Until recently the henge was used as a sporting field where local youths played football and other games. In 1995 a tradition left Balfarg when the local fete moved from the henge to nearby Gilvenbank Park. Balfarg is a very small housing area and has no shops or leisure facilities. The Gilvenbank Hotel, formerly a pub known as Jaguars from around 1982 to 1988, then The Snooty Fox from 1988 to 2006, is in the area. In 2012 Balfarg and the adjoining area, The Henge, was expanded with new housing. There is a small burn that flows through Balfarg on to Balbirnie Park then joins the River Leven. There is an old farm house and steading located next door to the Gilvenbank Hotel, dating from around the 17th century, which has been turned into luxury housing. Buses run every twenty minutes to and from the Kingdom Shopping Centre. Balfarg has numerous play parks but each of these are either vandalised or in need of repair. Each of the streets in the original estates are named after lochs in Scotland, for instance Affric Road and Tummel Road. The area is in the catchment of Pitcoudie Primary and St Pauls Roman Catholic Primary schools. High Schools Glenwood and Glenrothes High and St Andrews RC in Kirkcaldy have students from the area. </doc> <doc id="2342415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342415" title="Ajuterique"> Ajuterique Ajuterique is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua </doc> <doc id="2342418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342418" title="El Rosario, Comayagua"> El Rosario, Comayagua El Rosario () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. The municipality consists of a main town (Casco Urbano) with approximately 7,000 residents, and a large number of aldeas or villages, which bring the municipality's entire population to 17,000. The town is located one hour by car from the department of Comayagua and two and a half hours from Tegucigalpa. Principal economic activities include farming, construction, and factory work. The main town contais one kindergarten, an elementary school, and one middle high school, where students may study for diplomas in liberal arts or to become conters. There is a health center staffed by a doctor and two nurses. El Rosario has a mine and was founded in 1530 by the Spaniards. </doc> <doc id="2342419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342419" title="Esquías"> Esquías Esquías is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342422" title="Humuya"> Humuya Humuya () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342423" title="La Libertad, Comayagua"> La Libertad, Comayagua La Libertad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342424" title="Lamaní"> Lamaní Lamaní is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. It is located about 25 minutes from the City of Comayagua, in the vicinity of the Piedra Parada Mountain. Many of Lamaní's residents own farms where they raise cows and other livestock. Farmers also cultivate rice, beans, corn, coffee, tomato, cucumbers,eggplants,among other crops. Some residents immigrate to the United States to work and provide income to their families. Being a small town, Lamaní immigrants know each other and tend to stay in touch, sometimes forming neighborhoods with a lot of Lamaní immigrants in the United States. It has recently undergone changes to its physical and communications infrastructure, such as paving of roads, access to the internet, cable television service, etc. They have their own medical clinic and preparatory schools. Some studious residents have turned out to be lawyers, doctors, engineers, and even soccer players, most notably Fernando "Azulejo" Bulnes, who played for Atlético Español of Tegucigalpa in 1965-1966. Temperatures can range anywhere within the 32 degrees Celsius range to as low as 4 degrees Celsius. Lamaní is to experience further construction, as an international highway is to be built beside the town. This highway is to connect the northern coast of Honduras and continue into El Salvador. Lamaní has two main festivities throughout the year. Christmas is celebrated throughout 4 days, often hosting bullfights in two town stadiums, simultaneously. One is sanctioned by a private party, the other is sanctioned by the municipality of Lamani. Thousands of people attend these bullfights. The other is called El Dia De La Virgen del Carmen, which celebrates the patron saint of Lamani. It is celebrated much in the same fashion that Christmas is celebrated. </doc> <doc id="2342425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342425" title="Las Lajas, Honduras"> Las Lajas, Honduras Las Lajas is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. The village, from the 1970s to the 1980s, reached a remarkable demographic and economic development. Founded in 1902, it was created as municipality in 1986. The town is crossed by the Quebrada Seca Quebrada de Daniel, also parallel to this cross the Quebrada Galana, that when entering the town some call Quebrada Mangos. Las Lajas began to fill the middle of this century due to livestock grazing activities in the summer then by the need for land for agricultural activities. The nature and legal status of the lands in this region correspond to national and ejido properties during this period and had no control over them by government authorities. The first inhabitants were taking over large tracts of land and building the first homes, Rafael Flores said that the families were named Flores, Ulloa, Ponce, Buezo and Romero, founding the first quarter known as El Porvenir, thus arise first fence and the first properties of the slabs, without thinking that in the future would become a thriving community. Today the Lajas has a messy and uneven urban development in the layout of its streets. The village comprises four neighborhoods with very particular characteristics and interests that sometimes has led to some contradictions to such a degree that come even to establish great rivalries, these neighborhoods are scattered and transmitted by a single street. The Neighborhood Center is located along a single street with more than one kilometer in length approximately at the municipal offices are located, school, the main Catholic church, civil and military authorities, parks, shopping centers, grocery stores, hotels, gas station etc. El Barrio El Porvenir, this neighborhood is just north of downtown, is served by a wide street, with churches, primary schools, petrol station, bus station etc. To the south of the downtown district, is located Suyapa neighborhood, joined the San Francisco, the San Miguel and the track, which also have their own water service, school, health center, and the Institute of secondary schools and businesses Abarroteria. In the northwestern part of the district the center is developing a neighborhood called El Carmen, who spends his time as its population increases. Finally to the west lies the New Valley, which like the other is located along a street, with the same basic services that have the other neighborhoods. </doc> <doc id="2342426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342426" title="La Trinidad, Comayagua"> La Trinidad, Comayagua La Trinidad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342428" title="Meámbar"> Meámbar Meámbar is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342431" title="Minas de Oro"> Minas de Oro Minas de Oro is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. Minas de Oro is located to the northeast of Comayagua, 150 km to the northwest of Tegucigalpa, the capital of Honduras. It is surround by the mountains named Grande, El Cobre and El Peñón. To the north, the district of Victoria; to the south, the San Luis and Esquías districts; to the east, the San Jose del Potero district and to the west, the La Libertad district. Minas de Oro was founded as a consequence of the gold rushes that were common in the region, when workers and neighbours settled in the area. During one of his visits to this place, Juan Lindo discovered a gold mine. For that reason it has continued to be called "Minas de Oro" (Gold Mines). During Dr. Policarpo Bonillas's administration, citizenship began negotiating with the "Círculo de Cabañas", an association that grouped the municipalities of Minas de Oro, Esquías and San José del Potrero. These negotiations led to the transfer of the head of such association to Minas de Oro in 1893, during general Domingo Vazquez's administration. To justify the transfer, the citizenship argued that the powerful increment of the footwear industry, the commercial relationship between Minas de Oro, Tegucigalpa and the northern coast, and the growing café crops in the region were becoming Minas de Oro's main patrimonies, which at least in the first case it held true in the subsequent years. In the 1990s, Minas de Oro was called a "city of education" in Honduras because it was the only municipality where all the towns had access to a primary education. Minas de Oro counted on the Malcotal School, oriented to the agroforestal formation led by a North American. The only thing left of this institution is a house turned centre of tourist retirements in the highway that leads to Mines of San Antonio. Minas de Oro were counted by the decade from the 1960s to 1990s in the Famous Evangelical Institute that has a boarding school where students from all of the republic of Honduras went. Its musical, English formation and Biblical education was recognised. At the beginning of the 1960s, it closed because of stoked heat from the insecurity in the access routes, stop cost of fuels, local competition, and complexity in the administrative handling of this type of institution. </doc> <doc id="2342433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342433" title="San Jerónimo, Comayagua"> San Jerónimo, Comayagua San Jerónimo is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342434" title="San José de Comayagua"> San José de Comayagua San José de Comayagua () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342435" title="San José del Potrero"> San José del Potrero San José del Potrero is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342437" title="San Luis, Comayagua"> San Luis, Comayagua San Luis is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. On November 24, 2013, the Liberal Party candidate and the National Party candidate were tied for the mayoralty of San Luis, Comayagua. Since then and in the inauguration of the actual period (on January 25, 2014), there has been no mayor. </doc> <doc id="2342439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342439" title="San Sebastián, Comayagua"> San Sebastián, Comayagua San Sebastián is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342440" title="Siguatepeque, Comayagua"> Siguatepeque, Comayagua Siguatepeque () is a town and municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. Siguatepeque, located in the central mountains of Honduras (population 75,000) is green and colourful, and can be described as a garden town. The region, with its rural flavour, is primarily dedicated to farm and forest enterprises. The National School of Forestry Science (ESNACIFOR) provides training for students from all of Latin America. Building on its natural attractions and beauty, the region has opened itself up to eco-tourism, with Siguatepeque functioning as a base for visitors making trips to destinations within Central Honduras. The town is 1100 metres above sea level. There are three seasons: Even in the hot season air conditioning is unnecessary, with a fan almost always being enough. In the winter heating is rarely needed. Founded by the Spanish in 1689 as a religious centre for retreats and monastic training, the population of the town grew through the intermarriage of colonists, the indigenous Lencas and the Mexican Nahuatl immigrants. The name means ‘town of beautiful women’ in the Nahuatl Mexican dialect. In 1861 the town became a municipality in its own right, and a city in 1926. The town is at the centre of a regional vegetable and fruit production area, ensuring a year-round supply of produce. The town has good shopping facilities, and the stores are filled with local and Central American products, as well as imported items. Due to the small size of the town centre, the stores are easy to visit on foot. Amenities in Siguatepeque include a large swimming pool, an acupuncture centre, a private hospital, two cinemas and numerous restaurants. The town offers several bilingual schools up to college level, as well as the new Catholic University. All the major banks are represented in the town centre. Banco Atlantida has a branch along the main intercity highway in Granja D’Elia. The main Banco Atlantida office in the town centre handles Visa transactions. Banco Occidente handles Western Union money transfers. Located almost exactly halfway between Honduras' two largest cities of San Pedro Sula and Tegucigalpa, Siguatepeque is easy to reach – the town is two hours travel from Tegucigalpa or San Pedro Sula. It is a major stopping point for rest and refreshment for Honduran and international inter-city traffic, which has spurred a proliferation of highway restaurants and gas stations. The easiest and cheapest way to travel to and from Siguatepeque is by bus. There are many options. From Tegucigalpa regional bus services serving San Pedro Sula, Santa Barbara, El Progreso, Tela, Santa Rosa de Copan, La Esperanza, La Ceiba, or any other town beyond Siguatepeque to the North. Some of the companies serving smaller towns tend to make frequent stops to pick up and drop off passengers, making the journey longer, though often more interesting. Many travellers prefer to use the direct bus services between San Pedro Sula and Tegucigalpa; the three services are Empresa Saenz, Empresa El Rey and Hedman Alas . To catch any of the regional services for a journey out of Siguatepeque towards Tegucigalpa or Comayagua, a taxi can be taken to the bus shelter on the main highway, next to the pedestrian bridge. On the opposite side of the road is another bus shelter (next to the Texaco gas station) that serves passengers travelling to San Pedro and destinations north and west. Other options for travel to or from Siguatepeque are the locally based direct bus services. The direct bus service to/from Tegucigalpa is called Empresas Unidas (located on the eastern side of San Pablo square) Their Tegucigalpa terminal is in the Comayaguela sector of the city. The direct service to and from San Pedro Sula is Empresas Etul and its buses leave from the bus station one block west of San Pablo square. This bus station is also used for other local services in the area. To travel to La Esperanza buses go from the turnoff about 4 km from town centre, next to the new Texaco Service Centre. Buses from here will travel onwards to the Lenca highlands. Five kilometres further along this route is El Porvenir village, which specialises in clay handicrafts. The Evangelical Hospital attracts clients from throughout Honduras. Dozens of private general and specialist clinics operate here, in particular El Carmen Medical Center, Hospital Las Mercedes, as well as dental clinics. About 15 pharmacies serve the locality. For alternative therapies, the Hospital de Acupuntura (located in Barrio Macaruya) offers acupuncture, dentistry, herbal medicines, sauna and massage. For a town its size the city has prime medical attention making it a medical destination for the country and region. </doc> <doc id="2342442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342442" title="Villa de San Antonio"> Villa de San Antonio Villa de San Antonio is a municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. The municipality consists of a "casco urbano" (main town), with approximately 7,000 residents, and a large number of 'aldeas' or villages, which bring the municipality's entire population to 17,000. The town is located 20 minutes by car from the department capitals of Comayagua and La Paz, and 90 minutes from Tegucigalpa. Principal economic activities include farming, factory work, and construction. The 'casco urbano' contains two kindgergartens, two elementary schools, and one middle-high school, where students may study for diplomas in 'bachillerato' (liberal arts) or 'comercio.' There are two orphanages within the 'casco urbano;' the independent Hogar Tierra Santa and the Hogar San Antonio, affiliated with the Catholic charity Apufran. There is a health center staffed by a doctor and two nurses. 'The municipality of Villa de San Antonio was founded in 1537, the same year as the nearby city of Comayagua. </doc> <doc id="2342446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342446" title="Romano Kristoff"> Romano Kristoff Romano Kristoff is a Spanish B-movie actor, writer and director, better known for his work in Filipino cinema. He worked mostly in the Philippines between the 1980s and early 1990s. He was also credited as Rom Kristoff, Ron Kristoff, Run Kristoff, Ron Krastoff, and other similar variants. Very little info on him can be about Kristoff anywhere, except that he was Spanish by birth, a martial artist (apparently holding a black belt in karate), ex-Foreign Legionnaire and had some legitimate training as an actor. He appeared mostly in low-budget action and martial arts films such as "Jungle Rats" (1987), and "Black Fire" (1985), during the 80's, often directed by Teddy Page and John Gale (director). The vast majority of Kristoff's films were produced by K.Y. Lim's "Silver Star Film Company" (also called "Kinavesa" in the Philippines), a prolific, if somewhat notorious producer of Filipino action films. The "Silver Star" films usually recycled the same cast of American and European Z-movie workhorses from one film to another. Some of the recurring faces were Mike Monty, James Gaines, Mike Cohen, Gwendolyn Hung, Frank Juhas and Ronnie Patterson, and Kristoff acted with all of them. He became something of a star for "Silver Star", appearing in several leading roles throughout the 80's, most prominently in "Slash" (1984), a film influenced by the "Rambo" films of Sylvester Stallone to the point of plagiarism. In 1981 Kristoff was cast as a supporting player in the Richard Harrison vehicle "Intrusion Cambodia", directed by John Gale. The two became friends and Kristoff was later invited to Italy by Harrison to co-write and act in the 1986 film "Three Men on Fire", which Harrison directed and starred in. "Three Men On Fire" was Kristoff's only film shot outside the Philippines. Kristoff also co-wrote the script to "Ninja's Force" (1985) with Ken Watanabe (not to be confused with the more famous Ken Watanabe), another member of the "Silver Star" entourage. Don Gordon Bell was another of the ex-pat actors, one of Romano's best friends appearing in several of the films made by Kinevesa Films/Silver Star Films. He also appeared in some Italian productions made in the Philippines, such as the Vietnam war actioner "Tornado" ("1983"), directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Giancarlo Prete and Antonio Marsina. Other Italian films he acted in were "The Last Hunter", (1980), also directed by Margheriti, and Ferdinando Baldi films "Warbus" (1985), "" (1988), and "Just A Damn Soldier" (1988). When the Filipino film industry dwindled at the turn of the 90's, so did the careers of many expatriate actors working in the Philippines. Kristoff, like Monty, Gaines and others, faded to obscurity as the 90's progressed. Although he wasn't a great actor, Romano Kristoff can definitely be called one of the more talented "Silver Star" stars and did possess a fair amount of physical charisma. Outside the Philippines, he could possibly have had a more successful career in action and martial arts films. He seems to be now mostly retired from film, having made only the occasional appearance over the past fifteen years. Kristoff's most recent notable role was a small part in the Italian-Filipino Brigitte Nielsen actioner "Doomsdayer" (2000), directed by Michael J. Sarna and also starring former TV Tarzan actor Joe Lara and Udo Kier. According to an interview of Nick Nicholson on the French B-movie site "Nanarland", Kristoff is currently managing a restaurant in the Philippines. </doc> <doc id="2342451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342451" title="Arithmetical set"> Arithmetical set In mathematical logic, an arithmetical set (or arithmetic set) is a set of natural numbers that can be defined by a formula of first-order Peano arithmetic. The arithmetical sets are classified by the arithmetical hierarchy. The definition can be extended to an arbitrary countable set "A" (e.g. the set of n-tuples of integers, the set of rational numbers, the set of formulas in some formal language, etc.) by using Gödel numbers to represent elements of the set and declaring a subset of "A" to be arithmetical if the set of corresponding Gödel numbers is arithmetical. A function formula_1 is called arithmetically definable if the graph of formula_2 is an arithmetical set. A real number is called arithmetical if the set of all smaller rational numbers is arithmetical. A complex number is called arithmetical if its real and imaginary parts are both arithmetical. A set "X" of natural numbers is arithmetical or arithmetically definable if there is a formula φ("n") in the language of Peano arithmetic such that each number "n" is in "X" if and only if φ("n") holds in the standard model of arithmetic. Similarly, a "k"-ary relation formula_3 is arithmetical if there is a formula formula_4 such that formula_5 holds for all "k"-tuples formula_6 of natural numbers. A finitary function on the natural numbers is called arithmetical if its graph is an arithmetical binary relation. A set "A" is said to be arithmetical in a set "B" if "A" is definable by an arithmetical formula which has "B" as a set parameter. Each arithmetical set has an arithmetical formula which tells whether particular numbers are in the set. An alternative notion of definability allows for a formula that does not tell whether particular numbers are in the set but tells whether the set itself satisfies some arithmetical property. A set "Y" of natural numbers is implicitly arithmetical or implicitly arithmetically definable if it is definable with an arithmetical formula that is able to use "Y" as a parameter. That is, if there is a formula formula_7 in the language of Peano arithmetic with no free number variables and a new set parameter "Z" and set membership relation formula_8 such that "Y" is the unique set "Z" such that formula_7 holds. Every arithmetical set is implicitly arithmetical; if "X" is arithmetically defined by φ("n") then it is implicitly defined by the formula Not every implicitly arithmetical set is arithmetical, however. In particular, the truth set of first-order arithmetic is implicitly arithmetical but not arithmetical. </doc> <doc id="2342452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342452" title="Lejamaní"> Lejamaní Lejamaní is one of the 21 municipalities in the Honduran department of Comayagua. The municipality began as a town entrusted to Don Felipe II, King of Spain in 1630. </doc> <doc id="2342486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342486" title="Adiga"> Adiga Adiga is a surname from coastal Karnataka in India. It is found among Hindus of the Shivalli Brahmin community. The following is a list of notable people with last name Adiga. </doc> <doc id="2342489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342489" title="Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville"> Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville is the name of a United States-based hospitality company that manages and franchises a casual dining American restaurant chain, a chain of stores selling Jimmy Buffett-themed merchandise, and casinos with lodging facilities. It is owned by Buffett's Margaritaville Holdings LLC (a subsidiary of Cheeseburger Holding Company, LLC) and named after his hit song "Margaritaville". Some locations are franchise owned, such as the Caribbean, Australian, and Mexican locations. There are locations in the United States, Canada, and Mexico, six island locations throughout the Caribbean as well as a newly opened site in Sydney, Australia since September 2012. In 2014 a Brazilian company bought 12 Margaritaville Restaurants and the rights to expand the company in the U.S. As of April 2018, current restaurant locations are in: There are also Air Margaritaville locations located in the airports at Montego Bay, San Juan, Puerto Rico, Cancún, Mexico, and Panama City. Norwegian Cruise Line's Norwegian Escape cruise ship features the first Margaritaville at sea. Upcoming Margaritaville locations include Surfer's Paradise and Bossier City, Louisiana. A Cleveland, Ohio location was announced May 5, 2016 to open later this year. The website maintains a fictional Isla Nublar location page as a tie-in for the film "Jurassic World". Atlantic City and Myrtle Beach have Buffett's newest concept, the Landshark Bar & Grille, located at the Myrtle Beach SkyWheel attraction, at Plyler Park, which opened May 2011 (pictured to the right). As of June 20, 2011, United States retail store locations are in Key West, FL, New Orleans, LA, Charleston, SC, Orlando, FL, Las Vegas, Myrtle Beach, Glendale, Panama City Beach, FL, Mohegan Sun, Honolulu, HI, Pensacola Beach, Nashville, TN and Chicago, IL. The newest concept, a ""Landshark Surfshack Retail Shop"" opened May 17, 2011 at the Myrtle Beach SkyWheel attraction. Mexico's retail locations are in Cancun and Cozumel. Canada's retail location is in Niagara Falls, Ontario. Caribbean retail locations in the British West Indies are in Montego Bay (including two ""Air Margaritaville"" locations at Sangster International Airport), Negril and Ocho Rios on the island of Jamaica; Grand Turk in the Turks and Caicos Islands; and George Town, Grand Cayman in the Cayman Islands. Nested in the Caribbean, specifically St. Thomas, Virgin Islands and Rio Grande, Puerto Rico, are vacation clubs operated by Margaritaville . On June 28, 2010, the Margaritaville Beach Hotel (pictured to the right) opened on Pensacola Beach. The former site of a Holiday Inn, destroyed by Hurricane Ivan on September 16, 2004, Margaritaville Hotel sits on over 800 feet of gulf-front property. An additional 800 feet overlooks the bay. The beachfront hotel features 'barefoot elegance' with 162 guest rooms, including 24 Corner King Executive rooms with wrap-around balconies. Future phased-plans include an adjacent free-standing Margaritaville Cafe restaurant and a bayside waterpark. Plans for a second and third Margaritaville Beach Hotel were announced in 2010. The second, still in the planning stages, would be located in Myrtle Beach, SC. The 349-room Margaritaville Hollywood Beach Resort opened in 2015 in Hollywood, Florida. The Las Vegas Margaritaville at the Flamingo has expanded to include its very own 15,000-square-foot Margaritaville-branded casino. The casino was scheduled to open October 1, 2011. On January 12, 2011, it was announced that Buffett's MVB Holdings company is working with Coast casino veteran Tom Brosig and other investors to build the casual three-story, 68,000-square-foot, $48 million " "Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Casino and Restaurant"" resort on the back bay at the old East Harrison County Industrial Park on 5th Street in Biloxi, MS. The developers will build the casino resort in phases, starting with a small casino, a restaurant, events center and marina. Developers said it should open in April or May 2012. On June 22, 2011, Paradise Casino LLC unveiled plans for a Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Casino and Hotel to be built east of Shreveport, LA in neighboring Bossier City. The complex, a $170 million, 400-room resort, would include an 18-story hotel tower, 1,000-seat entertainment complex with a VIP balcony and an outdoor tropical area visible to the north from the Louisiana Boardwalk. In March 2013, the Muscogee (Creek) Nation announced that its River Spirit Casino on the Arkansas River in Tulsa would become a Margaritaville Casino as part of a $250 million project that would also add a 22-story, 500-room luxury tower to the existing facility. Latitude Margaritaville is a $1 billion retirement village planned in Daytona Beach, Florida. The project is a joint venture between Minto Communities and Buffett’s Margaritaville Holdings, with the development being built on land close to LPGA Boulevard and about a mile to the west from Interstate-95. Phase one of the community will have 400 homes with a potential of 6,900 homes, once the project is completed. As of March 2018, 250 lots have been sold with prices between the low $200,000s to the mid $300,000s. The community will have a pet salon, grocery store, and a private beach when it opens in April 2018. In 1985, Buffett opened his first successful "Margaritaville" retail store in Key West, Florida, following a failed Margaritaville in Gulf Shores, Alabama. In 2002, he expanded his business ventures by partnering with Outback Steakhouse to develop the first Cheeseburger in Paradise Restaurant in Southport (Indianapolis, IN). In late 2006, Jimmy Buffett announced on the website that the Margaritaville Cafes will no longer purchase or serve Canadian seafood products. On May 15, 2007, Harrah's Entertainment, now Caesars Entertainment Corp. announced plans to build the $700 million Margaritaville Casino Resort in Biloxi, Mississippi on the site of the former Grand Casino Biloxi and Casino Magic Biloxi properties. Due to the U.S. recession, however, construction of the casino ceased on June 10, 2008. On January 12, 2011, following the announcement of the new partnership between MVB Holdings and the Brosig, Sekul and Sims families, for the differently planned Biloxi, MS casino, John Payne, Caesars Entertainment Corp. central division president, stated, "We are disappointed that our project with Margaritaville will not proceed." This casino eventually opened, then closed a few years later. Recently, a Margaritaville resort opened on Highway 90 at the location of the old Grand Casino. This new resort does not have a casino. Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville is featured in the 2015 film "Jurassic World" as one of the restaurants in the fictional theme park, with Buffett himself making a cameo appearance as one of the guests running away from the Pteranodon attack. </doc> <doc id="2342497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342497" title="Sam Mitchell (EastEnders)"> Sam Mitchell (EastEnders) Sam Mitchell (also Butcher and Hunter) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". The third member of the Mitchell family to be introduced, Sam enters as a 15-year-old school girl in July 1990, played by Danniella Westbrook. Westbrook quit in 1993, but Sam was reintroduced from 1995–1996 and from 1999–2000. In both her 1996 and 2000 exits, Sam was written out earlier than the producers intended due to off-screen controversies surrounding Westbrook and her cocaine addiction. In 2002, the character was reintroduced for a fourth time, but the role was recast to another actress, Kim Medcalf. Medcalf left the role in 2005. In an interview with Paul O'Grady, Medcalf said she would 'never say never' to a comeback. However, when executive producer Diederick Santer decided to reintroduce the character for a brief stint in 2009, he opted to bring Westbrook back. Westbrook reprised the role once again in 2016 for her on-screen mother, Peggy Mitchell's (Barbara Windsor) funeral, a brief stint, starting on 30 June 2016 and concluding after four episodes on 8 July 2016. Portrayed as headstrong, flirty and manipulative, early storylines featuring Sam concentrate on her teen elopement to the character Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen). She goes on to feature in storylines about topless modelling, various family crises, relationships, feuds, and a short-lived marriage to Andy Hunter (Michael Higgs). Her exit storyline in 2005 is the culmination of a high-profile storyline that sees the character wrongly imprisoned for Den Watts' (Leslie Grantham) murder. In the on-screen events, Sam is cleared of murder and released, but she flees the country to escape another prison sentence for perverting the course of justice. Her brief return in 2009 sees the character resurrect a relationship with Ricky whilst having an on-off affair with Jack Branning (Scott Maslen), being manipulated by her uncle Archie Mitchell (Larry Lamb) and causing her family to lose a number of their businesses for a second time before finally going to prison. Her return in 2010 and 2016 sees her struggle with motherhood after giving birth to Jack's baby, Ricky (Henri Charles). Sam is the youngest child and only daughter of Peggy (Barbara Windsor) and Eric Mitchell. Eric died when Sam was ten and she was subsequently on the receiving end of her brothers', Phil (Steve McFadden) and Grant's (Ross Kemp), heavy-handed paternalism. Fifteen-year-old Sam follows her brothers to Walford in July 1990, unhappy at home because she dislikes her mother's boyfriend, Kevin Masters (Colin McCormack). She becomes friends with Hattie Tavernier (Michelle Gayle) and dates Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen). Sam's family disapproves of the relationship, so Ricky and Sam decide to elope to Gretna Green in 1991; they marry despite the Mitchells trying to stop the nuptials. Peggy admits defeat and attends their more formal blessing in Walford a month later. Sam fails to earn schooling qualifications, but she gains attention because of her looks after winning the title of "Miss Queen Vic" at the local public house; she starts to believe she can have a career modelling, but when she attempts to get a portfolio done by a professional photographer, he persuades her to do a topless shoot and the photos are then published in a pornographic magazine. This causes problems in Ricky and Sam's relationship, which is already under strain as Ricky is unable to provide Sam with the luxurious lifestyle she desires. After just a year of marriage, Sam grows bored and begins lusting after a playboy named Clive (Sean Gallagher) whom she meets at a New Year's Eve party with her friend Mandy Salter (Nicola Stapleton). After having a brief affair, Sam thinks she has fallen in love with Clive, but he makes it clear that he is only interested in sex when he tries to coax her into having a threesome. Realising that her marriage with Ricky is over, Sam leaves her husband and Walford in 1993 to take a job as a holiday rep on a cruise ship. Sam returns in 1995, after her brothers, on a boys holiday in Spain, catch her in bed with David Wicks (Michael French), and force her to return. Sam had tried to build herself a career as a model, but it had not gone to plan and she had ended up working as a hostess in a bar. Back in Walford Sam tries to continue her fling with David and when this goes nowhere she tries to come between Ricky and his girlfriend, Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer). Initially Ricky thinks he still has feelings for Sam, but eventually realises he is better off with Bianca and tries to let Sam down gently. However Sam won't take no for an answer and purposefully kisses an innocent Ricky in front of Bianca, causing them to split. Despite this, Ricky will not reconsider getting back with Sam and opts to try to make amends with Bianca. Sam is forced to admit defeat. Soon after, she meets a Spanish man named Guillermo, who is holidaying in England. When he invites her to join him in Spain she leaps at the chance and leaves Walford again in March 1996. In 1999, Sam decides that she wants to settle down in Walford once more. During this time she embarks on a stormy relationship with Beppe di Marco (Michael Greco), but she takes things more seriously than he does. After he finishes the relationship, a heartbroken Sam looks for comfort elsewhere. She turns to local club owner Steve Owen (Martin Kemp), but he is only using her to make Mel Healy (Tamzin Outhwaite) jealous, so a hurt Sam decides to leave Walford once again in 2000. In 2002, Peggy catches Sam working in a lap-dancing club in Spain. Ashamed and penniless, Sam returns to Walford with her mother. She has numerous flings: Trevor Morgan (Alex Ferns), Danny Moon (Jake Maskall), Dennis Rickman (Nigel Harman) and with her former lovers, Ricky, Beppe and Steve. All of whom are using her to varying degrees. One night, whilst working in the pub, Sam is nearly raped by Dave Roberts (David Kennedy). Sam manages to fight Dave off and escape the pub. When she begins flirting with Den Watts (Leslie Grantham), she is left humiliated after he sacks her from her job at his family's club. Animosity between the Watts and Mitchell families escalates. Sam is left in charge of the Mitchell empire when her brother, Phil, goes on the run after escaping prison for an armed robbery — for which he has been set up for by Den. Sam persuades her cousin Billy (Perry Fenwick) to torch Phil's snooker club in an insurance scam, an act that results in Den's club burning down and his daughter Vicki (Scarlett Johnson) nearly perishing in the fire. Dennis vows revenge and he is only warned off when gangster Andy Hunter (Michael Higgs) begins a relationship with Sam. Andy marries Sam in September 2004, despite Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi)'s attempt to stop the event — he has fallen in love with Sam and knows Andy is using her to gain control of the Mitchell assets. Andy fools Sam into signing over control of Phil's house, and she is then conned out of all the Mitchell businesses by family lawyer Marcus Christie (Stephen Churchett) and Den. Marcus tells Sam that Phil wants her to sell everything and give the cash to him. She does so, selling her mother's pub, The Vic, for a vastly reduced price to Den. Marcus is lying, and once he has the Mitchells' money, he flees, leaving Sam with nothing. Andy, realising Sam is no use to him, throws her out of their house, leaving her penniless. Sam teams up with Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan) and Den's wife Chrissie (Tracy-Ann Oberman) to get revenge on Den, each humiliated by Den in differing ways. However, the women's confrontation leads to violence: Den attacks Chrissie and Zoe hits him over the head with an iron doorstop in defence. This is thought to have killed him; however, when Zoe and Sam leave the room, Den grabs Chrissie's ankle. She responds by hitting him on the head a second time, killing him. Unbeknown to Chrissie, Sam witnesses this, but Chrissie allows Zoe to believe that her blow killed Den. As Chrissie has possession of The Vic following Den's death, Sam blackmails her, threatening to unveil her as Den's killer unless she gives her the pub. When Sam realises that Chrissie is attempting to sell the pub and leave Walford, she begins drinking heavily; she smashes up Den's grave and digs him up, hoping Chrissie will be arrested. The plan backfires; all evidence points to Sam, who is charged with murder and remanded in custody. Phil and Grant return to Walford to secure her release by proving Chrissie killed Den. Chrissie is arrested on a murder charge, while Sam is released from custody; however, she still faces a charge of perverting the course of justice and faces a prison sentence up to four years. This prospect is too daunting for Sam, and she flees to Brazil while on bail in 2005. In 2009, Phil sends Ricky to Brazil on an errand where he meets Sam, and she returns to London using a fake passport. She immediately causes a stir by drawing attention to herself and reignites her feud with Bianca. The Mitchells try to keep her hidden, but Bianca, jealous of Ricky's renewed feelings for Sam, calls the police. Sam is arrested while trying to flee but is released on bail when Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack) pays the surety. Sam and Ricky get engaged, but Sam has an affair with Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). Peggy's estranged husband, Archie Mitchell (Larry Lamb), uses Sam as a pawn in his plan to destroy the Mitchells, persuading her to jump bail again and leave the country to escape a prison sentence so Archie can successfully steal The Queen Victoria from Peggy. Sam opts to stay so Archie tells Bianca about Sam and Jack's affair; she tells Ricky and after a showdown, Ricky ends the engagement. Following this, Sam takes Archie's money and flees, causing the Mitchells to lose the pub. She returns to Walford on Christmas Day, hoping to make amends. On the same day, Archie is murdered and Sam becomes one of the suspects. Phil and Peggy also have motives, and in order to stop the police framing them, they decide Sam should take the blame and leave the country. Sam overhears their plan and furious, turns herself in, implicating Peggy in Archie's murder for revenge. Sam is arrested and sentenced to 18 months in prison. When Peggy attempts to visit, Sam is hostile, rejecting her mother and disowning the Mitchell name. Later in 2010, Peggy visits Sam in prison and discovers she is pregnant. Sam does not know if Ricky or Jack is the father and she refuses to reconcile with Peggy; however when she is hospitalised and goes into labour, she reconsiders, requesting Peggy's help. Sam gives birth to a boy, Richard, but announces she is giving him up for adoption. She only reconsiders as a means to reconcile with Ricky; she returns to Walford having completed her prison sentence, but struggles as a parent and relies heavily on Peggy and Minty. Ricky and Jack pester Sam to a get a paternity test, which she eventually does. She lies, claiming Ricky is the father, however Bianca discovers the truth and Sam confesses that she has lied because Ronnie, Jack's girlfriend, asked her to. Ronnie does not want Sam or her baby near Jack. She manipulates Sam into leaving and pays her money to do so. Sam leaves but, fearful of bringing up her baby alone, she seduces Minty, who still loves her, suggesting he goes with her. Minty momentarily accepts, but then realises Sam is merely using him and turns her down. Sam departs with Richard, moving to Portugal to live with Grant. Sam returns to Walford alongside Richard, now nicknamed Ricky (Henri Charles), in June 2016, to attend Peggy's funeral. She reveals that Grant is not attending and winds up Sharon about Grant. Jack decides that he wants to see Ricky so Sam drops him at the Brannings. After the funeral, Sam gets drunk and Phil harshly confronts her causing her to leave the pub. Sam reveals to Roxy (Rita Simons) that she is struggling to look after Ricky and that he is better off with Jack. Sam abandons Ricky at Jack's house and leaves in the back of a taxi. The character Sam Mitchell was introduced in July 1990 by "EastEnders"' executive producer Michael Ferguson as the young sister of the Mitchell brothers, Phil (Steve McFadden) and Grant (Ross Kemp). Sam was one of several characters introduced by the producer in the summer of 1990. Others included Eddie Royle (Michael Melia), and three generations of the Tavernier family. As the casting team had successfully cast the actors who were playing Sam's brothers, they already knew what facial attributes they needed for Sam to create a similar family resemblance. Producer Corinne Hollingworth has commented, "we'd decided on Steve [McFadden] and Ross [Kemp] and we knew the sort of round, open face we needed. We saw Danniella (Westbrook) first and liked her, then saw some others, but came back to her." The actress, a graduate of the Sylvia Young Theatre School, had already appeared in the soap aged 11, as an extra who rollerskated across the soap's fictional setting of Albert Square in front of the characters Den and Angie Watts. At the time, Westbrook's local paper ran a story on her with the punchline, "who knows, one day she might be the show's star". Eighty girls auditioned for the part of Sam, but these eighty were eventually whittled down to four. On her final casting callback, Westbrook bumped into actors Michelle Gayle and Sid Owen, who were already on the "EastEnders" cast as Hattie Tavernier and Ricky Butcher respectively. Westbrook already knew Gayle, whose character was to be Sam's screen best friend, and she introduced her to Owen, whose character was scripted to be Sam's boyfriend. According to Westbrook, she liked Owen right from the start and was amused by his response of "You're a bit of alright. You can be Sam!". On Westbrook's last audition, she and the other hopefuls were forced to stand for a lengthy period in front of a panel of the show's producers, directors and writers while they continuously compared images of the auditionees to images of Kemp and McFadden, looking for a resemblance. Westbrook was given the part. She has commented, "they told me they were looking for someone bright and bubbly, who could be the sister of Phil and Grant, and my round face fitted." In the character's first scene, Sam walked past Ricky Butcher and gave him a "flirty backward glance", causing him to walk into a lamp-post. Westbrook was initially given a three-month contract with the soap, but halfway through her contract the producers extended it as they felt "the character of Sam had gelled well with the others and they wanted to include her in more storylines". Westbrook has said that the cast and crew became like a second family to her, with the roles in the soap mirroring their relationships off-screen. In her autobiography she comments, "Sid [Owen] and I became very close [...] we were as thick as thieves. When we weren't shooting together we'd hang out [...] Once Sid and I got so bored hanging around on set that we decided to take the milk float for a spin around Albert Square, but Sid drove it too fast and turned it over [...] we couldn't stop laughing, but the producers didn't seem to share our amusement. We were seriously told off that day." She has described other actors like Michelle Gayle, Letitia Dean, Adam Woodyatt and Nick Berry like brothers and sisters, and has said she was very close to older cast members such as June Brown, Wendy Richard, Mike Reid and Gillian Taylforth. She has also revealed that her off-screen relationship with actors McFadden and Kemp mirrored her character's on-screen one: "In the soap they were my older brothers, always looking out for me, making sure I didn't get into trouble, and off set they were exactly the same." The character has been described by Hilary Kingsley, author the "EastEnders Handbook", as a "tease [...] a pretty girl who thinks she can get anything she wants, thanks to her own brand of sexy wheedling." She adds that Sam is "a lot sharper than her brothers [...] and contrives to do just what she wants in the face of their attempts to stand in for their dead father [...] Sam loves excitement and doesn't frighten easily. She's a user, able to get almost anyone to do what she wants." Kate Lock, author of "EastEnders Who's Who", has described Sam as "Headstrong, streetwise and pretty [...] a chip off the old Mitchell block, though her methods of manipulation are marginally more subtle than [her brothers]. One bat of a sooty eyelash is enough to charm most men into submission and she can wind doting mum Peggy round her little finger [...] [when] she returned to the Square [in 1999], Sam had lost her kittenish cuteness and hardened up, becoming more EastEnd moll than Barbie doll." Describing the character in 2002, actress Kim Medcalf said, "She’s always looking for something to brighten up her day — to either play a trick on someone, or flirt with them, or just to cause a bit of mischief. Sam’s a colourful and fun character as she’s had such a past." She added in 2003, "She wears her heart on her sleeve. She so wants to settle down that she doesn't select men well. She goes for people too quickly. She likes the danger aspect — the thrill of the chase. She loves guys with a dangerous edge [...] She's had a tough upbringing. She didn't know her dad and her older brothers bossed her around. She needed to find herself and has done it by being independent and going away. She's headstrong and has a definite independent streak." She has added that Sam has a problem with women, as she "finds it quite hard to relate". When Westbrook regained the role in 2009, she compared the differences between how she plays the character and how Medcalf played the character: "When Kim was playing Sam she was quite hard, but [the Sam who returns in 2009] is more the Sam I've always played. She's bright, colourful, flirtatious - and trouble. The only difference is she's more tanned, more blonde and more wrinkled!". During her first stint in the soap, the character was involved in various high-profile storylines surrounding her teen elopement to Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen). Westbrook has said that within days of her first appearance, the interest in the character was "phenomenal": "The public couldn't get enough of the simmering relationship between Ricky and Sam and the show was inundated with calls from the press [...] [Sam and Ricky] were involved in a plotline about under-age sex, so the press swooped in on that." To the anger of her family, Sam persuaded Ricky to elope to Gretna Green in July 1991. The week's worth of episodes focusing on their marriage were filmed on-location and have been described by former "EastEnders" scriptwriter, Colin Brake, as a "farce-like chase round the country". Written by Debbie Cook, the storyline saw Ricky and Sam's families, including Sam's mother Peggy (Jo Warne; introduced specifically for this plotline) attempting to stop the couple getting married. The storyline climaxed in a registry office wedding, but despite the Scottish setting, the recording of the episodes took place in Hertfordshire. Later in the month, Sam and Ricky had a more official "grand church blessing" with their families in attendance. The Butchers' blessing was screened in the same episode as the funeral of another character, Charlie Cotton. The marriage was portrayed as problematic, fraught with interference from their families, lack of money, and Ricky's jealousy of Sam's partying and modelling career, including a topless photo shoot. The serial made use of Sam's appearance in various storylines, including a "Miss Queen Vic" public house competition in an episode that aired in April 1992 — despite the Mitchell brothers attempts' to fix the competition, the honest winner was Sam. Written by Tony Jordan, Colin Brake describes it as one of 1992's most memorable episodes. However, off-screen Westbrook was battling with various problems in her personal life (including a highly publicised drug addiction), and in 1993 she left the soap, although she maintains that her addiction did not affect her work at this time. On-screen, Sam's marriage to Ricky ended following an affair with a yuppie named Clive (Sean Gallagher), and she took a job on a cruise ship. Commenting on her initial departure, Westbrook has said, "My contract was up for renewal and I thought it was time for me to move on [...] As much as I enjoyed being in "EastEnders" [...] I was also well aware of the fact that I was in danger of being type-cast forever if I carried on playing Sam. The producers didn't have a problem with me leaving. It was felt that my character had done as much as she could in the space of three years, anyway. During that time Sam had, after all, been involved in a story about under-age sex, run off to Gretna Green to marry Ricky, been evicted from her home, become a squatter, tried her luck as a topless model, fought on a regular basis with Grant and Phil, and gone through a marriage break-up. I think we all agreed that the poor girl was in need of a break [...] In January 1993 I filmed my final scenes and Sam Mitchell, in true "EastEnders" style, waved goodbye to Albert Square from the back of a London taxi cab [...] Although the producers agreed that it was the right time for my character to move on, they wanted to keep the door open for her to return at a later date, as they knew how popular the Mitchell family were with viewers. I was really pleased that they decided not to kill the character off". Her departure scenes aired on 4 February 1993. In 1995, following a spell in a drug rehab clinic, which first alerted the public to her drug problem, Westbrook was reintroduced into "EastEnders" by executive producer Corinne Hollingworth. She has commented, "the call from the producers couldn't have come at a more opportune moment for me. The soap was suffering from poor ratings and so they decided, as they normally do, to bring some familiar faces back onto the Square. The producers were aware of my addiction by now [...] but they had also read that I was now clean [...] once I assured them that I was well [...] they invited me back for another year." The character's "dramatic" return to "EastEnders" aired on 25 July 1995 and began when her screen brothers traced Sam to Spain and she ended up in bed with "bad boy" David Wicks (Michael French). Several cast changes had occurred since Westbrook had last been in the soap, including a recast of her screen mother Peggy, who was now played by Barbara Windsor. As well as her former friends, Westbrook has revealed that she became particularly close to Windsor, who she says "instantly took me under her wing", and Martine McCutcheon, who played Tiffany Raymond. Though Westbrook initially enjoyed her time back at the soap, she was unable to keep her working life and private life separate. Off-screen, her partying and drug-use (both in and out of work) began to affect her performance. Her cast mates attempted to curtail the problem. Actors such as Wendy Richard and Mike Reid requested that Westbrook's dressing room be situated near theirs and away from the younger cast, because they could see she was "vulnerable". They attempted to talk to her about her drug problem, but Westbrook ignored their concerns and continued using. She has revealed that she became so affected by cocaine that she would continuously mess up her lines, had to do take after take, was constantly late and needed prompts, and spontaneously fell asleep, once even passing out while she stood at the top of the Queen Vic stairs during filming, and was only saved from harming herself by Ross Kemp who caught her in his arms. She has commented, "When I watch re-runs of those scenes now I can't believe how out of it I look." Many of the newer, younger cast members began to shun her, laughing at her and throwing peanuts at her during filming every time she attempted to deliver her lines. Eventually, the producers tired of Westbrook. She has revealed: "the producers now had serious doubts about my future on the soap. I was proving to be a liability. My behaviour was interfering with the schedule. It was interfering with other cast members' work. There were days when I just didn't bother showing up for work at all. The dilemma they faced was what to do with me. They had only just written [Sam] back into the soap; now, within months, they were having to write her out of it all over again. They felt bad about getting rid of me, too. I could tell they felt responsible for me but of course ultimately there wasn't much they could do to help [...] Within a couple of weeks I was called into a meeting and told very politely that they were going to let me go early and terminate my contract. They would, they explained, gradually write my character out of the scripts again, which would take a couple of months to do." In February 1996, Westbrook's axing was reported in the press. According to press reports, producers had tired of her off-screen antics and were angered that she had appeared on the Channel 4 chat show, "The Girlie Show", and had given away the outcome of a storyline she was involved with, a love-triangle between Sam, Ricky and his new girlfriend Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer). The character departed for Spain on 26 March 1996 after falling for a Spanish tourist. Westbrook has since commented, "The producers were very nice about it all. Rather than killing [Sam] off they sent her to Spain, once again leaving the door open for her to return [...] There was no official line as to why I was leaving, and when the announcement was made [...] they were kind enough to let me say in interviews that I was going because I wanted 'a change of direction'. 'Hopefully, one day I'll return to the show', I told journalists". In November 1998, Westbrook revealed to "Hello!" magazine that she was "desperate" to return to "EastEnders", because she was in need of the money. According to Westbrook, actors Mike Reid and Barbara Windsor who both appeared as Frank and Peggy Butcher were keen to have her back on the cast too. Her plea came at a time when executive producer Matthew Robinson had already considered bringing Sam back, but because of Westbrook's past problems, he wanted to recast the role to another actress. However, the BBC's "Controller of Continuing Drama Series", Mal Young, thought they were judging Westbrook unfairly, believing a lot of the stories printed about her in the tabloid press. On his say so, Westbrook was offered another contract to reprise the role of Sam. In May 1999, Westbrook said, "It's my dream come true. Sam is a great character and I'm thrilled to be given another chance to play her. The storyline is excellent and I think it's safe to say there'll be a few family fireworks once I'm back in town." Executive producer Matthew Robinson said, "We are delighted to be welcoming back the popular character of Sam Butcher to the Square for storylines that are certain to intrigue our viewers." The character made her return on-screen on 22 July 1999 and was involved in the storyline relating to actor Ross Kemp's departure, and romances with her brothers' enemies Beppe di Marco (Michael Greco) and Steve Owen (Martin Kemp). Despite Westbrook's claims that her close friend Mike Reid had backed her decision to return, he and other "EastEnders" actors later publicly denounced the BBC's decision in a documentary about Westbrook, as they had first hand experience of Westbrook's addiction on set and were concerned for her welfare. It was reported that Westbrook underwent constant drug tests to keep her job, but at this time, her excessive use of cocaine had completely eroded away her nasal septum. In order to hide this from the audience, she was only filmed in ways that would keep her septum hidden from view. However, Westbrook's drug-use continued, and following more press speculation about her private life, the BBC announced in January 2000 that she was being axed from the soap once again. A BBC spokesman said: "Danniella Westbrook's contract has not been renewed. Her character Sam Mitchell will move to north London, leaving the door open for her to return in the future." Westbrook added: "I will always love working on "EastEnders", especially with the cast. Sam's departure to north London gives me the chance to explore more opportunities." Speaking to London's radio station Capital 95.8, Westbrook denied she had been sacked, saying she decided to leave because she was getting married and she wanted to spend time with her husband. She added, "I'll maybe go back to "EastEnders" in six months, so it's an amicable split." Westbrook did not return and made her final appearance as Sam on 24 January 2000. She has since confessed that her drug taking was the reason why she was written out. In her autobiography she comments, "I wasn't fired this time, but let's just say when they gave me the opportunity to walk I took it. I was no longer interested in acting and that had become blatantly obvious to everyone on set. The soap was now being shown four times a week and it was impossible to balance the workload with my addiction [...] Not only had [cocaine] destroyed my nose, but it was about to destroy my career again as well [...] The producers were tiring of my behaviour [...] When I did leave the production at the end of 1999 it was in fact a fairly mutual decision. I admit that had I begged the producers to let me stay this time I doubt if they would have allowed me to. But I was happy to go [...] Looking back to that point now it fills me with shame that I could have behaved in that way and let down so many people". Following her axing, Westbrook's eroded nasal septum was revealed to the public by the press, after she was photographed at the 2000 British Soap Awards. In 2001, executive producer John Yorke decided to reintroduce the character once again. The decision was made to recast the role to another actress, Kim Medcalf, as Danniella Westbrook was still overcoming her drug problems at this time. During the audition process, "EastEnders" have said that they had to keep the part they were casting for "top secret", meaning auditionees were not told about the part they were auditioning for until their actual interview. In the documentary, "EastEnders Revealed - A Year In The Life Of Sam Mitchell", Medcalf has explained the audition process: "They kind of sat me down and said 'actually we haven't been 100% truthful here, this [audition] is not for...a new character at all, it's for the part of Sam Mitchell. Do you know who she is?' and I said, 'yes of course I do!' [...] Because my attitude was so laid back, it helped me a lot." Producer Paul Annett has revealed: "I saw Kim Medcalf along with two other actresses that had been short-listed, and I think almost immediately I knew that she was the right one." Medcalf was an inexperienced actress, and her casting has been described as a "big risk" because of this. Annett has commented, "she'd done...no television, secondly, she was coming into an immensely popular and beloved show, and the third thing was that she was taking over a role played by Danniella Westbrook...for [a decade]." Medcalf revealed that she had reservations about taking on a role that was associated with another actress: "I said 'that's going to be hard' [...] but they said 'we think we can do it, we're going to write it in quite cleverly, and part of it will be that we meet Sam away from Walford'." She added, "It was scary finding out I'd be taking over someone else's character because you wonder whether the public will accept it. I loved the show so I just decided to go for it". Commenting on Medcalf's casting, Sam's original actress Danniella Westbrook said, "I wish her all the luck in the world. It's a great part and I'm sure she'll be great." Medcalf has revealed to the "Walford Gazette" how she prepared for the role: "I actually watched the show a bit when Danniella had been on so I had a distinct memory of her to work with. What I basically did was to read a prepared, detailed biography of the character which was provided by the production office. I did sit down to watch a five-minute clip of Danniella but I quickly realised I didn't want to carry on watching because I was afraid of falling into doing an imitation of her, d'ye know what I mean? I'll tell you something weird-when I first started getting the scripts I used to hear the lines first in my head with HER voice saying them! But that changed over time, thank God, as I hopefully made the character my own and I gave her my voice." Medcalf added that contrastingly to Westbrook, who played Sam as a young girl who was overprotected by her brothers and sheltered, she played Sam as a young woman "trying to find her place both in a career and in relationships with the opposite sex." The character was reintroduced in January 2002 in a set of episodes filmed on-location in Spain. In the storyline, Sam's mother Peggy (Barbara Windsor) had flown to Spain for the supposed funeral of her former husband and Sam's former father-in-law, Frank Butcher. Here she found Sam, who was working as a table dancer in a nightclub; Peggy brought Sam back to Walford. Annett has praised Medcalf's introduction, saying she was confident and that Barbara Windsor found her impressive. Sam's return to Walford saw her reignite an affair with her former, now married lover Steve Owen (Martin Kemp), who was embroiled in a feud with her brother Phil. Medcalf has revealed that she was extremely nervous when she was informed that she would have to enact love scenes with Kemp, who aside from his part in "EastEnders", was renowned to viewers as a member of the 1980s pop band Spandau Ballet. Speaking about the characters' affair, Medcalf has said, "Steve Owen basically made a play for her because he was using her to get back at Phil. He knew that Phil would hate it [as] they were rivals. But then, in her defence, he was a charmer, and he managed to keep it all from his wife. He just played the game very well." The relationship ended in "tragedy" when Steve, in an attempt to kidnap Phil's daughter Louise, was killed in a road accident. Medcalf has suggested that Sam was "devastated" by Steve's death: "She fell for [his game] hook, line and sinker. She really believed that he was going to be the man." She subsequently moved on to her former lover Beppe di Marco, but according to Medcalf, that relationship finished because Beppe "thought [Sam] was a bit full on [...] she was so desperate for a relationship that I think it just scared [Beppe]." Another fling followed with abusive Trevor Morgan, played by Alex Ferns. According to Ferns, the relationship started because Trevor wanted to make his wife, Little Mo (Kacey Ainsworth) jealous. In the storyline, the romance ended when Trevor's true aggressive self emerged. In 2004, the character was romantically paired with gangster Andy Hunter, played by Michael Higgs. In the storyline, Sam had been left in charge of the various Mitchell business and properties, and Andy, sensing an opportunity to gain control of these assets, proposed to Sam. According to Medcalf, Sam needed the marriage because she was "vulnerable". She added, "Andy is tough and she craves someone to look after her. I can see why she'd go for him; he's a good-looking guy, he's got money, he wears good clothes - he ticks every box." 11 million viewers watched Sam marry Andy in September 2004. According to Medcalf, "She knows that he's not desperately in love with her, but she thinks that it's enough. She's desperately in love with him. She's entering it very positively [...] Sam's not the brightest person, so she falls for his manipulations [...] I think she just wants to get the ring on her finger and then they can try to iron out any problems. She's a little naive." The marriage lasted mere months on-screen; when Sam was conned into giving away all her family's properties, including her mother's public house (pub), The Queen Vic, Andy threw her out of their house. Sam's reaction to the loss of her mother's pub was part of a high-profile storyline marking the 20th anniversary of "EastEnders", the murder of Den Watts. In the storyline, Den Watts had been responsible for Sam losing the pub, and so Sam teamed up with Den's scorned wife, Chrissie Watts, and Zoe Slater, who had also been scorned by Den. The trio, who were dubbed the three witches of Walford - a comparison to the Three Witches from the Shakespeare play "Macbeth" - plotted Den's downfall, resulting in a deadly confrontation in the Vic, and Den being bludgeoned to death by Chrissie. The three women buried Den's body in the Vic cellar and Sam proceeded to blackmail Chrissie and was then framed for Den's murder by Chrissie. The culmination of the plot - which saw Ross Kemp and Steve McFadden return to "EastEnders" as Phil and Grant to exonerate Sam - signified the departure of Kim Medcalf, who opted to leave the serial in 2005. Medcalf's final scenes aired on 17 November 2005. Westbrook returned to the show in 2009 in part of a shock storyline. Speaking of her comeback, she said, "I'm really happy to be coming back, it feels just like coming home. I'm really looking forward to working with Barbara [Windsor], Steve [McFadden], Sid [Owen] and Patsy [Palmer] and I'm over the moon to be working with the new boss Diederick Santer. I can't wait to get the scripts to see what Sam Mitchell has been up to since she was last in the Square." Executive Producer Santer said, "With all the turmoil facing the Mitchells this year, it feels like a great time to bring back Sam, the original Mitchell sister. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank Kim Medcalf for her great work playing Sam Mitchell for three years and welcome Danniella back to pick up the baton once again." In an interview with media website Digital Spy, Santer discussed the reasoning behind his decision to reintroduce Sam: "What makes Sam interesting for me is that she's Ricky's first love and first wife. As Bianca and Ricky spend more time together [...] the inevitability of them at some point coming together increases. What's stopping them? Well, it's Sam. Sam and Ricky had a good thing going all those years ago. All Ricky ever gets off Bianca is indifference, whereas Sam - and who knows quite why - is less than indifferent towards him and it makes a nice change". Santer acknowledged that Sam's return posed a problem for the show, because when the character was last seen, she was "on the run" in Brazil. However, he indicated that the storyliners had found a way to get around this. Westbrook later admitted she was not nervous about her return. She filmed her first scenes in the first week of June, for episodes that were broadcast in September. On 26 August a trailer was released to promote the character's return, noted for its similarity to the opening credits of "Secret Diary of a Call Girl". 7.6 million viewers watched her return episode. Westbrook was contracted for three months, and although it was extended slightly, she departed from the show at the end of her storyline in the episode broadcast on 11 January 2010. In an interview given with Digital Spy, Diederick Santer said: "When Danniella and I first sat down to talk about her return, we discussed a particular storyline with a specific length of contract. These plans haven't changed. Danniella has done brilliantly and I hope that she will be back with us at some point in the future." Westbrook filmed her final scenes at the end of October 2009. In June 2010, it was confirmed that Westbrook would return to film scenes for broadcast later in the year, said to be an "explosive storyline". A spokesperson for the show said "It's a great comeback for her. She proved really popular with viewers and producers soon realised they should get her back for more." Santer's successor, Bryan Kirkwood told Digital Spy, "When Sam Mitchell is in Albert Square, trouble is never far behind. We last saw her heading for a stretch in prison and ostracised by her family. When she returns on her release, it's with a lot of grudges and a big secret. Danniella brings a lot of fun and mischief to the role of Sam and I'm looking forward to having her back where she belongs". Her return was broadcast on 20 August 2010 and centred around a "Who's the daddy?" storyline, when Sam revealed she was pregnant and unsure who was her baby's father, Ricky or Jack Branning (with whom she had been cheating on Ricky). After the completion of this storyline in which Jack was confirmed as her baby's father, Sam departed once again. Her final episode aired on 21 September 2010. On 27 February 2016, it was confirmed that Westbrook would reprise the role for a few episodes. Her return will coincide with Kemp's return as Sam's brother Grant and Windsor's final appearance as Sam's mother Peggy. Of her return Westbrook said, 'I'm really excited to be going back to "EastEnders"". Executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins said: "It is only right that all of Peggy Mitchell's children would be at her funeral. Danniella is the final piece of the Mitchell jigsaw puzzle, so it will be great for viewers to see Phil, Grant and Sam all back on screen. Sam will only be back for a few episodes, but these scenes are bound to go down in the soap's history.Westbrook returned to filming on 3 May 2016. Her return scenes aired on 30 June with her final scenes aired on 8 July 2016. Westbrook has said that within days of her first appearance as Sam in 1990, the public and media interest in her character was "phenomenal". The character has been reintroduced multiple times, with producer Matthew Robinson referring to her as "popular". Kim Medcalf as Sam Mitchell won a National TV Award in 2002 for most popular newcomer. The direction taken with the character was viewed critically c. 2004, with Paul Clark of "The Stage" using Sam as an example of how the show had become unbelievable. He commented, "The rot set in around the time when one of the show’s female leads, Sam, metamorphosed from introspective beauty into oestrogen-fuelled Al Caponette, making Billy burn down Den's club". "The Guardian" claimed in 2004 that "EastEnders" had come under "heavy fire" for "poor storylines", among them Sam's wedding to Andy Hunter. Stuart Heritage of "The Guardian" commented on the recasting of Sam in June 2010, saying "Medcalf lacked Westbrook's obvious aura of constant threat, but still managed to help bludgeon Dirty Den's head in with a metal dog before leaving so that – in a bonkers soap twist – Westbrook could return again." Kevin O'Sullivan for the "Sunday Mirror" was critical of Danniella Westbrook's return in 2009, highlighting an "inexplicable personality transplant" in Sam and decrying the "homecoming" storyline as "An insult to long-suffering viewers' intelligence". Comparatively, Virgin Media have rated Sam/Westbrook's return in 2009 as the tenth greatest soap comeback of all time, saying "She was only on screen for five seconds before the famous 'Enders drums signalled the return of Walford's much-missed Mitchell sister. It may not have been a big surprise to see Sam back, but those scriptwriters sure know how to leave us gasping for more." Ruth Deller of entertainment website "lowculture.co.uk" criticised Sam's return in 2009 branding it as unsuccessful, also stating: "Danniella Westbrook is doing her best but the scriptwriters don’t seem to know who Sam is any more. Sam mark 1 and Sam mark 2 were very different, and Sam mark 1 rebooted seems to be a third person altogether. Is she a canny businesswoman or completely thick? Is she ugly or attractive? Are we supposed to be rooting for her or rallying against her?" She further faulted her storylining adding: "Her storylines don’t seem to be going anywhere and the whole return seems like it was concocted purely for headlines and not at all for story development." </doc> <doc id="2342499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342499" title="Perfect (Fairground Attraction song)"> Perfect (Fairground Attraction song) "Perfect" is the debut single by the "Scotch Rant" act Fairground Attraction, released on 28 March 1988. It was written and produced by Mark Nevin. The single reached number one on 14 May 1988 on the UK Singles Chart, where it stayed for one week, and stayed in the chart for a total of thirteen weeks. It also reached number one in South Africa for 10 weeks as well as in Australia for three weeks in August and September 1988. In the UK, it was released as a 7" single, 12" single, cassette single and CD single. The song was included on the band's first album, "The First of a Million Kisses", released later the same year. A copy of the song using another singer was used in television advertising for Asda in the late 1980s and early 1990s. It was re-released as a single in 1993 after it had reappeared on the compilation album "Celtic Heart". In the United States, the song peaked at number 80 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also peaked at number 85 on the Hot Country Singles chart and number 23 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, which was the song's only Top 40 entry on any "Billboard" chart. "Perfect" won the award for British Single at the 1989 Brit Awards. It was the last number-one single on the "NME" singles chart, on 14 May 1988. American country music group Baillie & the Boys released their version in April 1990 as the first single from the album "The Lights of Home". The song reached #23 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. </doc> <doc id="2342501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342501" title="Greater Caucasus"> Greater Caucasus Greater Caucasus (, Бөјүк Гафгаз, بيوک قافقاز; , "Didi K’avk’asioni"; , "Bolshoy Kavkaz", sometimes translated as "Caucasus Major", "Big Caucasus" or "Large Caucasus") is the major mountain range of the Caucasus Mountains. The range stretches for about from west-northwest to east-southeast, between the Taman Peninsula of the Black Sea to the Absheron Peninsula of the Caspian Sea: from the Western Caucasus in the vicinity of Sochi on the northeastern shore of the Black Sea and reaching nearly to Baku on the Caspian. The range is traditionally separated into three parts: In the wetter Western Caucasus, the mountains are heavily forested (deciduous forest up to , coniferous forest up to and alpine meadows above the tree line). In the drier Eastern Caucasus, the mountains are mostly treeless. The watershed of the Caucasus is also considered the boundary between Eastern Europe and Western Asia. The European part north of the watershed is known as Ciscaucasia, the Asiatic part to the south as Transcaucasia, which is dominated by the Lesser Caucasus mountain range and whose western portion converges with Eastern Anatolia. The border of Russia with Georgia and Azerbaijan runs along the most of the Caucasus' length. The Georgian Military Road (Darial Gorge) and Trans-Caucasus Highway traverse this mountain range at altitudes of up to . The watershed of the Caucasus was the border between the "Caucasia" province of the Russian Empire in the north and the Ottoman Empire and Persia in the south in 1801, until the Russian victory in 1813 and the Treaty of Gulistan which moved the border of the Russian Empire well within Transcaucasia. The border between Russia and Georgia still follows the watershed almost exactly (except for Georgia's western border, which extends south of the watershed, and except for a narrow strip of territory in northern Mtskheta-Mtianeti and northwestern Kakheti where Georgia extends north of the watershed), while Azerbaijan in its northeastern corner has five districts north of the watershed (Davachi, Khachmaz, Qusar, Siazan, Quba). </doc> <doc id="2342502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342502" title="Water detector"> Water detector A water detector is an electronic device that is designed to detect the presence of water and provide an alert in time to allow the prevention of water leakage. A common design is a small cable or device that lies flat on a floor and relies on the electrical conductivity of water to decrease the resistance across two contacts. The device then sounds an audible alarm together with providing onward signalling in the presence of enough water to bridge the contacts. These are useful in a normally occupied area near any infrastructure that has the potential to leak water, such as HVAC, water pipes, drain pipes, vending machines, dehumidifiers, or water tanks. Water leak detection is an expression more commonly used for larger, integrated systems installed in modern buildings or those containing valuable artifacts, materials or other critical assets where early notification of a potentially damaging leak would be beneficial. In particular, water leak detection has become a necessity in data centers, trading floors, banks, archives and other mission-critical infrastructure. The water leak detection industry is small and specialized with only a few manufacturers operating worldwide. The original application was in the void created by "computer room" floors in the days of large main-frame computer systems. These use a modular, raised floor based around a structural "floor tile" usually 600 mm square and supported at the corners by pedestals. The void created gave easy access and routing for the mass of power, networking and other interconnecting cables associated with larger computer systems - processors, drives, routers etc. mainframe computers also generated large amounts of heat so a void under the floor could also used as a plenum to distribute and diffuse chilled air around the computer room. The void therefore was likely to have chilled water pipes running through it along with the drains for condensates associated with refrigeration plant. In addition, designers found the floor void a very convenient place to route other wet services feeding bathrooms, radiators and other facilities. A leak occurring within a floor void would therefore go unnoticed until the hydrostatic head of pressure meant that the water found its way through to floors below where its dripping through the ceiling would be noted or, and more disconcerting, the water would penetrate the joints and connectors of the power or network cabling and cause system failure from short circuit. Current digital water leak detection systems can locate multiple water leaks to within 1 meter resolution over a complex network of cables running several kilometers. This functionality reduces the downtime and potential damage caused by inaccurate reporting that was common with older analogue based systems. Water leak detection systems can be integrated with Building Management Systems using multiple protocols such as Modbus. Using SNMP protocols leak detection systems can inform IT staff in charge of monitoring data center and server rooms. It is not only critical to detect a water leakage but also adequately and promptly alert; if not taking automated corrective actions. The computer room therefore became the early application for systems which would alert the operator to a leaking pipe in sufficient time for remedial action to be taken to prevent a disaster. As computer rooms could be quite large simple "point of use" detectors were not really appropriate although Point Sensors do have value where simple, single point detection is required in, say, basements and sumps. Most modern leak detection systems developed around the use of a water sensitive cable which can be laid in long lengths and complex patterns around the base of the floor; around the perimeter of rooms; as a "barrier" over which water has to flow; following, tracing or attached directly to lines of water pipes. The mainframe computer room has largely been replaced with the Data Centre but the application has remained with almost universal use of "computer-room" style raised floors in nearly all new commercial and office construction. To warrant the installation of leak detection the operator has to perceive the risk in addition to the circumstances but most Mechanical and Electrical Design Engineers will take a view of the risk of damage from a leak in terms of affect on the client's own operations, services and assets and, often as important, those of their adjoining neighbours and those on floors below. The installation of leak detection systems is therefore becoming more commonplace in most new commercial office construction schemes along with the more obvious targets of museums, galleries and archives. Leak detection systems must be unobtrusive, effective and robust enough to withstand getting dirty and the moderate physical abuse of other works being carried out under the same floor. Zoned systems have a reputation for being safe, reliable and not prone to the same types of false alarms which those systems which use cumulative resistance techniques. Manufacturers such as TTK from France have introduced hi-tech variants like FG-NET touch screen panels with interactive maps on screen. The sensing cables are fitted with micro-controllers patented, that allows unique ability to pin-point faults on every individual sense cable simultaneously. The leak detection industry is very small and it can be expected that manufacturers will also offer an installation and after sales service. </doc> <doc id="2342507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342507" title="G.I. Joe (NES video game)"> G.I. Joe (NES video game) G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero is a 1991 run and gun game published by Taxan for the Nintendo Entertainment System based on the toyline of the . The game was produced by Ken Lobb and developed by the same Japanese team that later formed KID. A sequel developed by the same team, titled "", was released the following year, but was published by Capcom after Taxan went out of business. The player takes control of a team of three G.I. Joe characters, each with his own specialty. The goal of the game is to navigate through six stages on a mission to finally bring down Cobra. The initial character roster consists of Duke, Snake Eyes, Blizzard, Captain Grid-Iron, and Rock 'n Roll. A sixth character, Hawk, gives orders to the team between missions, and becomes available as a playable character for the final stage. The player's first character is automatically assigned depending on the stage, while the second and third characters are freely chosen. The player collects power-ups in the game that increases an individual character's abilities. Gun icons increases firepower, K-rations recovers energy, and Chevron icons increases the current character's maximum stamina. Bullet icons refills the player's collective ammunition and bulletproof vest icons that grant temporary invincibility are also available at designated locations on each area. Icons flashing in red are more valuable than ordinary icons. All upgrades garnered during the course of the game are permanent, provided of course the character survives the mission. Certain areas have empty enemy vehicles that the main character can operate. The three different vehicles available are the Buzz Boar, the Pogo, and the Battle Copter. The player can still plant bombs while riding these vehicles. Each stage is broken up into three different segments: In the first segment, the player's team would fight their way into one of Cobra's bases. After penetrating the base, the player's team must plant a certain amount of bombs inside the base before time runs out. Afterward, the player must fight against the base's commander. The enemy bosses include a Range-Viper, Metal-Head, Overlord, Voltar, Destro and Cobra Commander himself. A password is given at the end of each stage. The six missions that the G.I. Joe team members must progress through each take place in a different part of the world: the Amazon, Antarctica, New York City, the Black Hills, and the Sahara. The game's final mission takes place in Cobra Headquarters. There are five initial characters in the game (with a sixth character that becomes available for the final stage), each with his strength to bring to the game. The player can choose a team of three for each area. During gameplay, the player can switch between characters after pausing the game. The characters’ skills are agility, stamina, strength and firepower. </doc> <doc id="2342511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342511" title="The Buddha of Suburbia (novel)"> The Buddha of Suburbia (novel) The Buddha of Suburbia (1990), written by Hanif Kureishi, won the Whitbread Award for the best first novel. It has been translated into 20 languages and was also made into a four-part drama series by the BBC in 1993, with a soundtrack by David Bowie. "The Buddha of Suburbia" is about initiation, (black, Asian) British youth, pop culture, the condition of England, and London. Due to the orality in "The Buddha", the historical events, and the many dialogues full of colloquialism, the reader gets the impression of realism. The novel is highly episodic; Kureishi uses juxtaposition and collage. The suburbs are "a leaving place" from which Kureishi's characters must move away. To Karim, London—even though it is geographically not far away from his home—seems like a completely different world. Therefore, his expectations of the city are great. In The Buddha the move into (and later through) the city is like an odyssey or pilgrimage. On the first page Karim introduces himself as follows: "My name is Karim Amir, and I am an Englishman born and bred, almost". This motif is reinforced throughout the novel. Pop music is an important theme in Kureishi's novels. One could even say that his novels have a soundtrack. London itself is associated by Karim to a sound. "There was a sound that London had. It was, I'm afraid, people in Hyde Park playing bongos with their hands; there was also the keyboard on The Doors' "Light My Fire". There were kids in velvet cloaks who lived free lives". Within the problems of prejudice and racism lies one of the themes of initiation novels: the question of identity. Furthermore, London seems to be the perfect setting for the protagonists' "often painful growth towards maturity through a range of conflicts and dilemmas, social, sexual and political." (Bart Moore-Gilbert, 2001, 113) These characterisations mark Kureishi's novels as examples of Bildungsromane and novels of initiation. Even though The Buddha is set in the 1970s and ends just before the Thatcher era begins, Kureishi was writing it under the direct influence of the outcome of Thatcherism. It is not surprising then, looking back, that he can see the roots of conservatism already in the '70s. "The Buddha of Suburbia" is said to be very autobiographical. It is about Karim, a mixed-race teenager, who is desperate to escape suburban South London and to have new experiences in London in the 1970s. He eagerly seizes an unlikely opportunity when a life in the theatre presents itself as a possibility. When there is nothing left for him to do in London, he goes to New York for ten months. Returning to London, he takes on a part in a TV soap opera and the book leaves its reader on the brink of the 1979 general election (the defeat of Jim Callaghan's government on a motion of no confidence is specifically mentioned later in the novel). Through his work with two theatre companies, Karim gets to know new people from completely different backgrounds, like the working-class Welshman Terry, who is an active Trotskyist and wants him to join the party, or Karim's lover Eleanor who is upper middle-class but pretends to be working-class. Mixing with the people surrounding Eleanor and Pyke (a strange theatre director), he realises that they are speaking a different language, because they received a good education, which was not valued in the suburbs. In "The Buddha" other characters and their struggles to make it in London are described, too. Kureishi portrays Eva as a social climber at war with the city: "Eva was planning her assault on London. […] she was not ignored by London once she started her assault. She was climbing ever higher, day by day. […] As Eva started to take London, moving forward over the foreign fields of Islington, Chiswick and Wandsworth inch by inch, party by party, contact by contact". Later in the novel the main character's father (an Indian immigrant, a boring bureaucrat living with his family in a grey London suburb) is suddenly discovered by London's high society, which is hungry for exotic distractions, and so he becomes their Buddha-like guru, though he himself does not believe in this role. His son does not believe in him either and, at the same time, has his first erotic experiences. </doc> <doc id="2342513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342513" title="Manganin"> Manganin Manganin is a trademarked name for an alloy of typically 84% copper, 12% manganese, and 4% nickel. It was first developed by Edward Weston in 1892, improving upon his Constantan (1887). Manganin foil and wire is used in the manufacture of resistors, particularly ammeter shunts, because of its virtually zero temperature coefficient of resistance value and long term stability. Several Manganin resistors served as the legal standard for the ohm in the United States from 1901 to 1990. Manganin wire is also used as an electrical conductor in cryogenic systems, minimizing heat transfer between points which need electrical connections. Manganin is also used in gauges for studies of high-pressure shock waves (such as those generated from the detonation of explosives) because it has low strain sensitivity but high hydrostatic pressure sensitivity. In 1887 Edward Weston discovered that metals can have a negative temperature coefficient of resistance, inventing what he called his "Alloy No. 2." It was produced in Germany where it was renamed "Constantan". In 1892 Weston had finally completed his discovery of an alloy of copper, nickel, and manganese prepared by a complicated series of heat-treatments. In May, 1893, he received a basic patent on the composition, manufacture, and use of the material for electrical resistors. Production was carried out in Germany, and it became known as "Manganin". The availability of a practical conductive metal with an extremely constant resistance over the range of ordinary temperatures was a great advance in electrical technology and equipment design, but Weston did not receive general recognition for this. Electrical Properties Mechanical Properties </doc> <doc id="2342514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342514" title="My Summer of Love"> My Summer of Love My Summer of Love is a 2004 British drama film directed by Pawel Pawlikowski and co-written by Pawlikowski and Michael Wynne. Based on the novel of the same name by Helen Cross, the film explores the lesbian relationship between two young women from different classes and backgrounds. Working class Mona (Natalie Press), whose once-hotheaded brother Phil (Paddy Considine) became a born-again Christian in prison, meets upper middle class Tamsin (Emily Blunt, in her theatrical film debut) who suffers from a lack of love in her family. Filmed in West Yorkshire, the film went on to win a BAFTA. In Yorkshire, Tamsin rides her horse and chances upon Mona. Tamsin is from an upper-middle-class family and says she has been suspended from boarding school. Mona comes from a family of criminals with only her brother Phil alive. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. Mona finds Phil destroying all the booze in their late mother's former pub. He has undergone a religious transformation in prison, and now plans a Christian rally. Mona meets her lover, Ricky, for sex in his car, but he breaks up with her. The next day, the girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking, smoking and talking about their problems. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the house where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin's father's car. Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona's scooter, and they drive to a small river to swim. Under a waterfall, the girls share a kiss. At Tamsin's house Mona tries on her dresses. Tamsin tearfully recounts the anorexia death of her sister Sadie. In the garden, Tamsin plays the cello while Mona dances. Tamsin kisses Mona passionately. Later they have sex. Phil invites the girls to his rally. They join the born-again Christians to erect a cross on a hill. Tamsin acts attracted to Phil. Later, Mona and Tamsin find a bag of magic mushrooms in Sadie's room. They eat the mushrooms and go to a dancehall where they disturb the patrons. They return to the river and declare their eternal love to each other, swearing a death oath. Tamsin pretends to seduce Phil, but he reacts angrily. He locks Mona in her room. Mona fakes suicide and then mocks Phil's religious beliefs. Phil kicks out the born-again Christians, while Mona packs a suitcase and leaves for Tamsin. Mona discovers that Tamsin is returning to boarding school. Mona also finds out that Tasmin's lied about her parents and sister. Dejected, Mona goes to the river. Tamsin tells Mona she should have known Tamsin was lying. Seemingly forgiving her, Mona slips into the water, enticing Tamsin to join her, and the two girls kiss again. Mona grabs Tamsin by the throat and pushes her under the water, as if to kill her. Instead, Mona releases Tamsin and walks away. Casting the two lead actresses for the film proved difficult for Pawlikowski, and the overall casting procedure took about eight months. Pawlikowski searched in schools, universities, theatre groups and public castings. He discovered Natalie Press first, and sought her counterpart by holding workshops together with Press and Considine. During this process, he finally found Emily Blunt, and felt her to be the ideal Tamsin. The chemistry between Press and Blunt was perfect, and they first did a tryout with the "Pavlova-dancing scene", which worked out perfectly. Emily Blunt is a competent cellist, and is listed in the credits as the performer of "The Swan" by Camille Saint-Saëns. Pawlikowski already knew Paddy Considine from their earlier collaboration "Last Resort" and cast him as Phil. The film was shot during the span of five weeks after intensive location-scouting by Pawlikowski. The script only contained 35 pages and was incomplete. Many scenes were improvised while shooting. The scene in which Mona draws a portrait of Tamsin on the wall of her room was entirely improvised—during Pawlikowski's travelling together with Press, he discovered that she used to do a lot of drawing while she was thinking, so he decided to integrate it into the movie and made a scene out of it. The whole shoot was done on location in Todmorden during the hottest summer Yorkshire had seen in 50 years. The score of the film was written by Goldfrapp and the movie theme is a variation of the Goldfrapp song "Lovely Head", which was the first song of their 2000 album "Felt Mountain". The performances of the leading actresses have been acclaimed, with awards from the Evening Standard British Film Awards and the London Critics Circle Film Awards. Additionally, Pawlikowski's unconventional style of directing has been rewarded with a BAFTA for Best British Film and the Michael Powell award for Best British Film at the Edinburgh Film Festival (where the film had its world premiere in 2004), along with many nominations across the British Independent Film Awards and the European Film Awards. The novel of the same title, "My Summer of Love" by Helen Cross, only served as a blueprint for the film. Whereas the novel pays a lot of attention to the social background of England in the 1980s, Pawlikowski focused on the relationship between the girls. Most of the characters in the novel were left out in the film and the character Phil was invented and added by Pawlikowski, who had previously directed a documentary on born-again Christians in Yorkshire. In many interviews Pawlikowski said that he was not interested in portraying typical teenage life in England, but he wanted to give the movie a certain "timeless feeling". "My Summer of Love" was first screened at the Edinburgh International Film Festival, being released across the UK on 5 November 2004. In the US, the film was initially screened at the Seattle International Film Festival on 20 May 2005, being eventually given a limited released across the US on 17 June 2005. In the US, the film grossed $90,000 on its opening weekend, in 17 theaters; and went on to be released across 63 theaters, grossing a total $1,000,915 in the 8 weeks of its release. Worldwide, it grossed an additional $1,766,061, for a lifetime gross of $2,766,976. The film was met with acclaim from critics. It currently holds an approval rating of 90% and an average rating of 7.4/10, based on 90 reviews, at Rotten Tomatoes. According to the website's critical consensus, ""My Summer of Love" is a moody, bittersweet love story featuring outstanding performances from the leads." It also received a weighted average score of 82 out of 100 from Metacritic, based on 31 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times", who gave it 3/4 stars, described it as "a movie that is more about being an age, than coming-of-age", while A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" termed it "a triumph of mood and implication", and James Berardinelli of ReelViews, called it a "gem" lost in the "hype" of Hollywood blockbusters. Not all criticism was positive, however, with Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe", calling it "a conceit on a number of levels", and described it as "confused between an 'artistic' lesbian movie and "Heavenly Creatures"", which he declared to be "superior", while Steve Schneider of "Orlando Weekly" called it "slight and predictable at its core". The unfavorable comparison to "Heavenly Creatures" was echoed by Robin Clifford of Reeling Reviews. Autostraddle listed the film as #19 in a ranking of the 102 Best Lesbian Movies of All Time. "My Summer of Love" was nominated for the British Independent Film Award at the 2004 British Independent Film Awards, the Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film at the 2005 BAFTAs, the Best New British Feature award at the 2004 Edinburgh Film Festival, the European Film Award at the 2005 European Film Awards, the ALFS award at the 2005 London Critics Circle Film Awards, and the 2005 Directors Guild Of Great Britain Awards. Out of these it won the Alexander Korda Award for Best British Film at the BAFTAs, the Directors Guild Of Great Britain Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in British Film, the Best New British Feature at the Edinburgh Film Festival, and the ALFS award at the London Critics Circle Film Awards. </doc> <doc id="2342515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342515" title="Arthur Landsborough Thomson"> Arthur Landsborough Thomson Sir Arthur Landsborough Thomson (8 October 1890 – 9 June 1977) was a Scottish ornithologist. He was president of the British Ornithologists' Union from 1948 to 1955. He was awarded in 1953 a knighthood, in 1957 the BTO's Bernard Tucker Medal, in 1959 the BOU's Godman-Salvin Medal, and in 1962 the Royal Society's Buchanan Medal. His father was the naturalist J. Arthur Thomson. </doc> <doc id="2342518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342518" title="VT Group"> VT Group VT Group is a privately held United States defence and services company, with its origins in a former British shipbuilding group, previously known as Vosper Thornycroft. The British part of Vosper Thornycroft was integrated into Babcock International in the early 2010s. In July 2012, The Resolute Fund II, LP, an affiliate of The Jordan Company acquired VT Group. VT Group plc was a British defence and services company, formerly known as Vosper Thornycroft. The Company had diversified from shipbuilding into various engineering and support services, becoming involved in many areas of provision through five main operating groups: VT Communications, VT Education and Skills, VT Services Inc and VT Support Services. VT Group finally exited the Shipbuilding industry in October 2009, after selling its 45% share of the Shipbuilding Joint Venture company BVT Surface Fleet to BAE Systems. Formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, the remainder of the firm was acquired by Babcock International Group in July 2010. The company was formed by the merger of two shipbuilding companies Vosper Limited of Portsmouth and J I Thornycroft of Woolston, Southampton in 1966 at which time the Company became listed on the London Stock Exchange as "Vosper Thornycroft". "Vosper Ltd" built small boats and "J I Thornycroft" had a long history of building destroyers and similar sized craft. The company was nationalised by the Labour Government in 1977, becoming a division of British Shipbuilders. It became a commercial company again after a management buyout in 1985. Vosper Thornycroft flourished even during lean times for warship building, mainly through successful sales efforts in exports and diversification outside the core shipbuilding business into training and support. In 1998, Vosper Thornycroft acquired the specialist military boatbuilder Halmatic, based in Portchester. In 2001, in their most ambitious diversification project, VT started work on the US$55million superyacht Mirabella V for former Avis Car Hire boss Joe Vittoria. At the time of its completion in 2004, Mirabella V was the world's largest single-masted sailing vessel with an overall length of 75 metres and a mast height of approximately 87 metres. From 2002, the overall business was known as VT Group plc. From its formation in 1966, the company was based at the former Thornycroft shipbuilding yard at Woolston in Southampton, Hampshire but in 2003 relocated its shipbuilding operations to new facilities in the famous HMNB Portsmouth Naval Dockyard under the name VT Shipbuilding. In 2008, VT Shipbuilding was merged with BAE Systems' Glasgow-based Surface Fleet Solutions subsidiary to form BVT Surface Fleet. The VT Halmatic boatyard site in Portchester was also sold off to Trafalgar Wharf, with Halmatic also moving into Portsmouth Naval Base. In 2008, VT Group acquired BNG Project Services from the government-owned British Nuclear Fuels for £75m. As the provider of nuclear decommissioning and waste treatment engineering services, Project Services gave VT Group access to the nuclear industry in the UK and abroad. The business was renamed VT Nuclear Services. On 28 January 2009 VT Group announced its intention to sell its share of BVT Surface Fleet to BAE Systems. VT Group's put option valued its share at a minimum of £380 million subject to conditions, however VT Group was expected to make a cash injection into the business to offset difficulties with contracts with Trinidad and Tobago and Oman. Following the sale of VT Group's 45% share, BVT Surface Fleet was renamed BAE Systems Surface Ships to reflect the total ownership. In 2010, the British defence and construction company Babcock International purchased VT Group for £1.32bn. Babcock integrated the UK portion of VT Group into its own business. In 2012, Babcock sold VT Group, which was by then US-based, to the private investment fund Resolute Fund II LP, linked to the Jordan Company. The Resolute Fund II, L.P., an affiliate of The Jordan Company acquired VT Group in 2012. John Hassoun serves as CEO and President. VT Group is composed of three subsidiaries - Global, Mission Critical and Enterprise, with more than 700 employees. </doc> <doc id="2342520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342520" title="North Mains"> North Mains North Mains is a henge in Strathearn on Strathallan Estate between Crieff and Auchterarder in Perthshire, Scotland (not in the valley known as Strathallan). It was excavated in 1979 and the final report was published in 1983. Like most henges North Mains saw use over many centuries. Prior to the construction of the henge two pits were dug and a cremation burial were placed at the site. The henge ditch and one timber circle seem to have been contemporary. There was a second timber circle. A series of burials was dug into and around the henge enclosure. An early Christian cemetery was later dug into the enclosed area. The Scottish poet Kathleen Jamie worked on the excavation of the site in 1979, and wrote about her experiences in her 2012 book "Sightlines", in an essay entitled "The Woman in the Field". </doc> <doc id="2342527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342527" title="Associação Naval 1º de Maio"> Associação Naval 1º de Maio Associação Naval 1º de Maio, commonly known as Naval, was a Portuguese football club based in Figueira da Foz, Coimbra District. Founded on 1 May 1893, it played in the Campeonato de Portugal, holding home games at the Estádio Municipal José Bento Pessoa, with a capacity for 12,630 spectators. The club spent between 2005 and 2011 six season in the first division, the Primeira Liga. Naval was one of the main teams from the Centro Region, alongside Académica de Coimbra, S.C. Beira-Mar and União de Leiria. After several years in the second division, Naval first promoted to the first level in 2005, after finishing in second position behind F.C. Paços de Ferreira. In its first season in the top flight, the club finished in 13th position, finally moving up to 12th after the resolutions on the "Mateus Affair", which involved Gil Vicente F.C. and C.F. Os Belenenses. In the following three years, Naval ranked between places 11–13, also reaching the Taça de Portugal quarter-finals twice. In 2009–10, former Sporting CP, FC Porto and Portugal national team great Augusto Inácio led the Figueira da Foz team to its best season ever, an eight-place finish in the league and the semi-finals of the domestic cup, a 1–3 aggregate loss against G.D. Chaves. Naval returned to division two at the end of the 2010–11 season, after two coaching changes. Highlights included a 2–1 home win against S.L. Benfica and a 3–3 draw at Sporting CP. In September 2017 Naval ceased its existence due to financial problems. All the teams and activities were "transferred" to a new club - Naval 1893, created by former Naval leadership. </doc> <doc id="2342552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342552" title="Zero-copy"> Zero-copy "Zero-copy" describes computer operations in which the CPU does not perform the task of copying data from one memory area to another. This is frequently used to save CPU cycles and memory bandwidth when transmitting a file over a network. Zero-copy versions of operating system elements, such as device drivers, file systems, and network protocol stacks, greatly increase the performance of certain application programs and more efficiently utilize system resources. Performance is enhanced by allowing the CPU to move on to other tasks while data copies proceed in parallel in another part of the machine. Also, zero-copy operations reduce the number of time-consuming mode switches between user space and kernel space. System resources are utilized more efficiently since using a sophisticated CPU to perform extensive copy operations, which is a relatively simple task, is wasteful if other simpler system components can do the copying. As an example, reading a file and then sending it over a network the traditional way requires two data copies and two context switches per read/write cycle. One of those data copies uses the CPU. Sending the same file via zero copy reduces the context switches to two and eliminates all CPU data copies. Zero-copy protocols are especially important for high-speed networks in which the capacity of a network link approaches or exceeds the CPU's processing capacity. In such a case the CPU spends nearly all of its time copying transferred data, and thus becomes a bottleneck which limits the communication rate to below the link's capacity. A rule of thumb used in the industry is that roughly one CPU clock cycle is needed to process one bit of incoming data. An early implementation was IBM OS/360 where a program could instruct the channel subsystem to copy blocks of data from one file or device to another without the nucleus having to copy the data to an intermediate buffer. Techniques for creating zero-copy software include the use of DMA-based copying and memory-mapping through an MMU. These features require specific hardware support and usually involve particular memory alignment requirements. A newer approach used by the Heterogeneous System Architecture (HSA) facilitates the passing of pointers between the CPU and the GPU and also other processors. This requires a unified address space for the CPU and the GPU. Several operating systems support zero-copying of files through specific APIs. The Linux kernel supports zero-copy through various system calls, such as Some of them are specified in POSIX and thus also present in the BSD kernels or IBM AIX, some are unique to the Linux kernel API. Microsoft Windows supports zero-copy through the TransmitFile API. macOS supports zero-copy through the FreeBSD portion of the kernel . Java input streams can support zero-copy through the java.nio.channels.FileChannel's transferTo() method if the underlying operating system also supports zero copy. RDMA (Remote Direct Memory Access) protocols deeply rely on zero-copy techniques. </doc> <doc id="2342553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342553" title="Jerome McDougle"> Jerome McDougle Jerome McDougle (born December 15, 1978 in Pompano Beach, Florida) is a former American football defensive end. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles 15th overall in the 2003 NFL Draft. McDougle played college football at the University of Miami. He has also played for the New York Giants. McDougle was a standout defensive player at the University of Miami. Among his collegiate accomplishments, he helped lead the University of Miami to its 12-0 national championship season in 2001. McDougle was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles with the 15th overall selection in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft. The Eagles traded up 15 spots to obtain McDougle, making him the first University of Miami player to be drafted by the Eagles since Jerome Brown, whose promising NFL career was cut short by a fatal 1992 car accident. With the Eagles, McDougle was plagued by injuries. In the final 2003 pre-season game, he sustained ankle, knee and hip injuries during a game against the New York Jets, forcing him to miss eight games of the 2003 season. During the 2004 season, he was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat, and later he suffered a knee sprain in a game against the Dallas Cowboys, missing five games during the season. During the 2005 offseason, McDougle was shot during an armed robbery of his home. Complications from the shooting and surgery left him out for the entire 2005 season. McDougle fully recovered and joined the Eagles at their 2006 training camp practices. He performed well in pre-season outings, recording an impressive sack of former collegiate teammate Ken Dorsey in the Eagles' pre-season game against the Cleveland Browns. On August 15, however, Eagles coach Andy Reid announced that McDougle had sustained fractures to two ribs in pre-season practices and would require approximately three weeks for recuperation. He was reactivated in September 2006. McDougle's pass rushing and run defense capabilities were expected to be an important part of the 2006 Eagles defense, which featured high levels of substitutions of defensive linemen in situational-oriented defenses. McDougle's actions on the field proved costly to the Eagles during a controversial Eagles 23-21 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on October 22, 2006. In the fourth quarter of a closely contested game played in 105-degree Tampa Bay heat, McDougle closed in on Buccaneer quarterback Bruce Gradkowski, dropping him for a nine-yard loss in a critical quarterback sack. As McDougle brought Gradkowski to the ground at Raymond James Stadium, however, he appeared to grab Gradkowski's face mask, resulting in a 15-yard intentional face-masking penalty against the Eagles. The 15-yard nature of the penalty was questionable, with replays showing that McDougle's grasp of Gradkowski's face mask appeared unintentional, which, if true, should have resulted in only a five-yard penalty. Seeing that he had been penalized 15 yards, McDougle kicked the referee's flag in anger, resulting in an additional 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty, for a total of 30 yards in penalties. The two penalties incurred by McDougle greatly enhanced the Buccaneers' field position, leading to a Buccaneers field goal, which proved the difference in the game's outcome, which ultimately was won by Tampa Bay on a 62-yard Buccaneers' field goal (the third longest in NFL history) as time expired. In 2007, McDougle was again injured, tearing his triceps, this time in the Eagles' pre-season opener against the Baltimore Ravens; he did not return during the 2007 season. On August 30, 2008, the Eagles released him during final cuts, ending a high-expectations tenure with the Eagles plagued by injuries and disappointments. A day after being released from the Eagles, McDougle was signed by the New York Giants on August 31, 2008. He became a free agent after the season, and was not signed by another team. He is the younger brother of NFL offensive lineman Stockar McDougle. He has a daughter named Jaleah McDougle with Claudia Maria Sardinas Camargo. On July 28, 2005, just four days before McDougle was scheduled to arrive for the Eagles 2005 training camp in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, he was shot in the abdomen during a robbery in Miami, Florida. Following the shooting, McDougle was flown by helicopter to Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital, where he underwent emergency surgery by Dr. David Shatz, a trauma surgeon at the University of Miami. Key </doc> <doc id="2342567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342567" title="Cabañas, Copán"> Cabañas, Copán Cabañas is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342569" title="Concepción, Copán"> Concepción, Copán Concepción () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342570" title="Copán Ruinas"> Copán Ruinas Copán Ruinas is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. The town, located close to the Guatemalan border, is a major gateway for tourists traveling to the Pre-Columbian ruins of Copán. The Copán ruins house a UN World Heritage site and are renowned for the hieroglyphic staircase, stellae, and museum. Every year in October, the town hosts the Conference on Honduras put on by Project Honduras. The conference is an opportunity for individuals and grassroots organizations to discuss ways to improve the quality of life in Honduras through addressing the social and economic needs of the country, primarily in the areas of education, healthcare, and community building. The theme of the Conference on Honduras on 18–20 October 2012 will be "Understanding the Security Situation in Honduras". The town has many small language schools that offer classes for travelers. On a hillside just outside town is the bilingual (English/Spanish) Mayatan School, which was founded in 1991 to educate local children. The town is linked to the Honduran-Guatemalan border, approximately 20 minutes away by road to the Aduana El Florido station. Copán Ruinas Airport is a civilian-use facility about 20 km east of the town center. There is no public transport network, as most transit is done by small motorized taxi-bikes or tuk tuk. Private shuttles link Copán Ruinas to Guatemala City and Antigua Guatemala, and private company buses serve daily routes to San Pedro Sula and the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa. </doc> <doc id="2342572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342572" title="Corquín"> Corquín Corquín is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342573" title="Cucuyagua"> Cucuyagua Cucuyagua () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342574" title="Diver training organizations"> Diver training organizations Diver training organization generally refers to a diving school for training recreational, technical, commercial, military and other professional divers. The term may also be used to refer to diver certification organizations and agencies. These organizations do not generally train divers directly, though they set the standards, and may train and assess diving instructors, and affiliate diving schools. Diver registration authorities generally do not train divers, but register commercial divers trained and assessed against their standards. Military divers are generally trained, assessed, certified and registered by the branch of the armed force of which they are members. </doc> <doc id="2342576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342576" title="AOG"> AOG AOG may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342577" title="Black band disease"> Black band disease Black band disease is a coral disease in which corals develop a black band. It is characterized by complete tissue degradation due to a pathogenic microbial consortium. The mat is present between apparently healthy coral tissue and freshly exposed coral skeleton. Black band disease was first observed on reefs in Belize in 1973 by A. Antonius, who described the pathogen he found infecting corals as "Oscillatoria membranacea", one of the cyanobacteria. The band color may be blackish brown to red depending on the vertical position of a cyanobacterial population associated with the band. The vertical position is based on a light intensity-dependent photic response of the cyanobacterial filaments, and the color (due to the cyanobacterial pigment phycoerythrin) is dependent on the thickness of the band. The band is approximately thick and ranges in width from to White specks may be present on surface, at times forming dense white patches. The pathogenic microbial mat moves across coral colonies at rates from to a day. Tissue death is caused by exposure to an hypoxic, sulfide-rich microenvironment associated with the base of the band. The black band microbial consortium consists of an assortment of photosynthetic and non-photosynthetic bacteria that co-exist synergistically. The consortium has three functionally and physically dominant members as well as numerous heterotrophic members whose role in the disease is as yet unknown. The three functionally dominant members are populations of cyanobacteria and sulfide-oxidizing and sulfate-reducing bacteria. The black band disease microbial consortium is structurally and functionally identical to cyanobacterial-dominated microbial mats found in other illuminated, sulfide-rich environments Several species of cyanobacteria have been found associated with black band disease, the most well-known of which is "Phormidium corallyticum". Sulfide-oxidizing bacteria, dominated by "Beggiatoa" spp., are present in well-developed bands and exhibit visible vertical migrations within the band matrix (Richardson, 1996; Viehman and Richardson, 2006). When present on the band surface "Beggiatoa" appears white due to intracellular inclusions of stored elemental sulfur. Sulfate-reducing bacteria dominated by "Desulfovibrio" spp. are present at the base of the band and are responsible for producing high concentrations of sulfide within the band matrix. Light microscopic observation of black band reveals motile (gliding) filaments of "P. corallyticum" that are 4 mm wide, with one round end and one narrow (sharply tapering) end. Also present are gliding "Beggiatoa" filaments (1–4 mm wide) that are non-pigmented but contain highly refractive intracellular granules of elemental sulfur. Numerous gram-negative bacteria (small rods) are also present but not identifiable using light microscopy. The bacterial population has been characterized using molecular techniques and was found to contain over 500 species of bacteria that are different from bacterial communities found in the water column, healthy coral tissue, or dead coral skeleton. The functional role of this diverse population of bacteria is not known. Black band disease affects 42 species of coral in a worldwide distribution. The only known reservoir is within cyanobacterial biofilms that are present on sediments in depressions of healthy black band disease susceptible corals. Black band disease significantly affects boulder star coral in the reef ecosystem, allowing for more staghorn coral to grow. </doc> <doc id="2342579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342579" title="Dolores, Copán"> Dolores, Copán Dolores is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. The area of Dolores in 1887 was heavily populated, which resembled Santa Rosa de Copan at the time. However, Dolores was not recognized as a municipality until January 1,1920. Dulce Nombre, another municipality in Copán, was created in 1907. Dolores formed as a member of this municipality on April 11,1919 where it stayed until becoming its own municipality. Dolores, Copán is home to the following villages: Dolores is a pretty town in the mountains (1300 meters) They have an active city government, several churches, a federal police station. There are several small shops which sell cokes etc. they also have an internet cafe There are many pictures on the internet at https://web.archive.org/web/20090106104603/http://www.rader.org/dolores/dolores.htm </doc> <doc id="2342580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342580" title="Dulce Nombre"> Dulce Nombre Dulce Nombre () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342581" title="El Paraíso, Copán"> El Paraíso, Copán El Paraíso () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342582" title="Florida, Copán"> Florida, Copán Florida () is a municipality in the western Honduran department of Copán. Its products include tobacco, corn and cattle. The "feria patronal", or fair in honor of the town's patron saint, is towards the end of April when one may enjoy aubades, "carreras de cintas", climbing greased poles, the coronation of the queen of the fair, rodeos, sack races, and so forth. </doc> <doc id="2342584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342584" title="La Unión, Copán"> La Unión, Copán La Unión is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342585" title="Nueva Arcadia"> Nueva Arcadia Nueva Arcadia () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342586" title="San Agustín, Copán"> San Agustín, Copán San Agustín () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342588" title="San Antonio, Copán"> San Antonio, Copán San Antonio is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. It was founded in 1782 as San Antonio del Descanso. </doc> <doc id="2342589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342589" title="San Jerónimo, Copán"> San Jerónimo, Copán San Jerónimo is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342591" title="San José, Copán"> San José, Copán San José is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342592" title="San Juan de Opoa"> San Juan de Opoa San Juan de Opoa is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. It was one of the first villages founded by the Spaniards in 1526. </doc> <doc id="2342593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342593" title="Missouri Route 12"> Missouri Route 12 Route 12 is a short highway in the Kansas City metropolitan area. Its eastern terminus is at Spring Street in Independence. Its western terminus is at Interstate 435 at the eastern edge of Kansas City. The highway is known as Truman Road in Independence, Missouri and passes by the home of Harry S. Truman. </doc> <doc id="2342594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342594" title="San Nicolás"> San Nicolás San Nicolás is the Spanish name for Saint Nicholas, and may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342595" title="San Pedro de Copán"> San Pedro de Copán San Pedro de Copán is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342596" title="Santa Rita, Copán"> Santa Rita, Copán Santa Rita is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. The municipality of Santa Rita is believed to have been founded in 1700, where it was then known as Aldea Cashapa. However, the area was not recognized as a municipality until 1875. A total of 31 villages are in Santa Rita: </doc> <doc id="2342598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342598" title="José María Velasco"> José María Velasco José María Velasco may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342599" title="Trinidad de Copán"> Trinidad de Copán Trinidad de Copán () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. According to the 2001 census, it had a population of 5,816. </doc> <doc id="2342603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342603" title="Veracruz, Copán"> Veracruz, Copán Veracruz () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Copán. </doc> <doc id="2342606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342606" title="Nikolai Starostin"> Nikolai Starostin Nikolai Petrovich Starostin (Cyrillic: Никола́й Петро́вич Ста́ростин; 26 February 1902 – 17 February 1996) was a Russian footballer and ice hockey player, and founder of Spartak Moscow. The eldest of four brothers, Starostin was born in Presnensky District, Moscow where he enjoyed a comfortable upbringing courtesy of his father's reasonably well paid job as a hunting guide for the Imperial Hunting Society. Nikolai studied at a commercial academy where he first began playing football. Football was a minor concern in the Russia in this period, but it was growing. A Moscow league had been founded in 1910 but this died away in the years following the revolution of 1917. Starostin is said to have welcomed the revolution, though he played no active role in it. Following the death of his father from typhoid in 1920, Starostin supported his family by playing football in the summer and ice hockey in the winter. In 1921 the Moscow Sport Circle (later Krasnaia Presnia) was formed by Ivan Artemev and involved Starostin, especially in its football team. The team grew, building a stadium, supporting itself from ticket sales and playing matches across Russia. As part of a 1926 reorganisation of football in the USSR, Starostin arranged for the club to be sponsored by the food workers union and the club moved to the 13,000 seat Tomskii Stadium. The team changed sponsors repeatedly over the following years as it competed with Dynamo Moscow, whose 35,000 seat Dynamo Stadium lay close by. As a high-profile sportsman, Starostin came into close contact with Alexander Kosarev, secretary of the Komsomol (Communist Union of Youth) who already had a strong influence on sport and wanted to extend it. In November 1934, with funding from Promkooperatsiia, Kosarev employed Starostin and his brothers to develop his team to make it more powerful. Again the team changed its name, this time to Spartak Moscow. It took its name from the Roman slave rebel and athlete Spartacus. Like Spartacus, the club seemed to represent the exploited, as opposed to their rivals Dynamo Moscow (run by the secret police) and CSKA Moscow (run by the army.) Starostin played for and managed Spartak, and his three brothers also played for the team. In 1936 new league and cup competitions were introduced in Russia. In the first year Dynamo won the league and Spartak the cup. In 1937 the positions were reversed but Spartak won both league and cup in 1938 and 1939, much to the annoyance of Lavrenty Beria, the head of the secret police, who was also the president of Dynamo. A keen footballer in his youth, Beria had played against Starostin in the 1920s, suffering humiliating defeat. The Dynamo-Spartak rivalry became the bitterest in Soviet sport. In the late 1930s many of Starostin's friends and associates were arrested as part of the Great Purge, including Kosarev. There were also attempts to more closely control sporting matters, including forcing the Semi-final of the 1939 cup to be replayed after Spartak won the first match by a disputed goal. They went on to win the replay, which did not take place until after Spartak had already won the final. On March 20, 1942, Starostin was arrested, along with his three brothers and other fellow players, facing accusations of involvement in a plot to kill Joseph Stalin. Following two years of interrogation in the Lubyanka, the charges were dropped but the Starostins were tried and sentenced to ten years in Siberia anyway, having been found guilty of "lauding bourgeois sport and attempting to drag bourgeois mores into Soviet sport". The sentence was very lenient in view of the popularity of football and Starostin. When details from the actual court sentence were published in 2003, it turned out Starostins were not convicted for political crimes, but rather for stealing sporting goods from the stores they were supposed to oversee and selling those goods on. Nikolai Starostin profited for 28,000 rubles, Aleksandr for 12,000, Andrei and Pyotr - for 6,000 each. Also, Nikolai Starostin was convicted of bribing the military commisar of the Bauman district of Moscow, Kutarzhevskiy. Kutarzhevskiy, using his power arranged so that several people who were supposed to have been conscripted to serve in the Army during World War II were not sent to the front and stayed in Moscow instead. Those people included food distributors and food store managers, who in turn provided Starostin with unlimited food supply during the war time, when food shortages were common (according to the sentence, food store manager Zvyozdkin gave Starostin 60 kilograms of butter and 50 kilograms of meat products). During his time in the gulags, Starostin's skills were highly sought after and he served as coach at various camps. He was treated benevolently by commanders who looked kindly on soccer and gave him extensive privileges. Unlike other notable inmates, Starostin was never mistreated and was well liked among both guards and prisoners, who would gather to listen to his football stories. In 1948 Starostin received a phone call in the camp from Stalin's son Vasily. The two had known each other in the 1930s when Starostin's daughter had made friends with him at the Spartak horse riding club, when he was using the name 'Volkov'. He was now commander in chief of the Soviet Air Forces and brought Starostin back to Moscow to coach the Air Force's football team, in which role he became a pawn in the conflict between Vasily and Lavrentiy Beria. Beria's secret police soon visited Starostin at his home, giving him 24 hours to leave Moscow. Vasily reacted by taking Starostin into his protection. The two spent all their time together, even sleeping in the same wide bed (Vasily with a gun under his pillow). On one occasion when Vasily was drunk Starostin slipped out of an open window to see his family. He was apprehended by the secret police at 6am the next morning and sent to the Maykop gulag. At Orel, however, Vasily's head of counter espionage met the train to return Starostin to Moscow. Starostin instead asked to be allowed to live in Southern Russia. Vasily agreed on condition that he coach the local Dinamo team. The secret police intercepted him, however, and he was exiled for life to Kazakhstan. Starostin was initially sent to Akmolinsk, where he coached the local football team. He later moved to Alma Ata to coach ice hockey and football with the Kairat team. Starostin's efforts contributed to the club's position as the leading Kazakh team in the Soviet era. Stalin died on 5 March 1953. Beria, who had initially been part of the leading group after Stalin's death, was executed later that year. As part of the movement towards "Destalinisation" an amnesty was declared for various political prisoners and this included Starostin. His sentence and those of his brothers were declared illegal, and they were set free. Nikolai was appointed as coach to the Soviet national football team, and in 1955 returned to Spartak as president, a position he maintained until 1992. Starostin published his memoirs, titled "Futbol skvoz gody" ("Football Through the Years") in 1989. </doc> <doc id="2342608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342608" title="Bill Champlin"> Bill Champlin William Bradford "Bill" Champlin (born May 21, 1947) is an American singer, musician, arranger, producer, and songwriter. He formed the band Sons of Champlin in 1965, which still performs today (2018), and was a member of the band Chicago from 1981–2009. He has won multiple Grammy Awards for songwriting. As a child, Champlin demonstrated a talent for piano, and eventually picked up the guitar after being inspired by Elvis Presley. He started a band, The Opposite Six, while at Tamalpais High School, in Mill Valley, California and went on to study music in college, but was encouraged by a professor to drop out of school and pursue music professionally. The Opposite Six, Champlin's band from high school, had changed their name to the Sons of Champlin and had recorded a number of well-reviewed (although not commercially successful) albums (including "Loosen Up Naturally" and "Circle Filled With Love") by 1977, when 30-year-old Champlin moved to Los Angeles. During the 1969–1970 period, Champlin was uncertain of the future of the Sons of Champlin, so he joined with Jerry Miller of Moby Grape in The Rhythm Dukes, following the departure of Don Stevenson. The band achieved a significant degree of acclaim as an opening act for many popular performers of that time, and recorded one album, ultimately released in 2005 "Flashback". In LA he began extensive studio session work. He was especially in demand for his singing, appearing on hundreds of recordings throughout the 1970s and 1980s. The National Association of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) awarded Champlin the Most Valuable Player peer award for male background vocalists in 1980. Champlin won a Grammy Award for Best Rhythm and Blues Song in 1980 for co-writing the hit song "After The Love Has Gone" with Jay Graydon and David Foster (which was made popular by Earth, Wind & Fire) and a second Grammy Award for Best Rhythm and Blues Song in 1983 for co-writing the song "Turn Your Love Around" with Jay Graydon and Steve Lukather (which was made popular by George Benson). In 1979, Champlin was approached by the then-widely successful band REO Speedwagon to add background vocals on some of their songs appearing on their album "Nine Lives"; which was the last album in which REO Speedwagon had a predominantly hard-rock edge. This work allowed Champlin to become acquainted with other in-demand session men such as Jay Graydon, David Foster, Steve Lukather (of Toto). Among other artists that he worked with were Al Jarreau, George Duke, Boz Scaggs, Elton John, The Tubes, Lee Ritenour, Amy Grant, and Nicky Trebek. He also appeared on Barry Manilow's 1982 EP, "Oh, Julie!" and was a featured background vocalist on Manilow's Here Comes the Night In 1986, Champlin dueted with Patti LaBelle on "Last Unbroken Heart" for Miami Vice and was released that same year on the album "Miami Vice II" In 1991, he provided backing vocals for Kim Carnes' album "Checkin' Out the Ghosts" (released only in Japan); in 1997, Champlin revived the Sons of Champlin and continued to play with them between tours with Chicago. Throughout the 1990s he released several solo albums and toured Europe and Japan in support of his live solo album "Mayday". In 2009 Champlin collaborated with the Italian-American composer, arranger, and producer Manuel De Peppe and in 2011, Champlin played the Hammond B3 organ on the songs "Moon Cry" and "Mississippi Creek" by Curt Campbell and the Eclectic Beast Band. He and second wife, singer/songwriter Tamara Champlin, were part of the Scandinavian tour headlined by Leon Russell that also featured Joe Williams & Peter Friestedt. Champlin teamed up with conductor Lars Erik Gudim and the Norwegian Radio Orchestra (KORK) in Oslo, Norway for a special performance that aired December 27, 2011 on NRK TV in Norway. In 2014-2017 he performed several acoustic shows with Tamara Champlin in the US, Europe, Japan, South & Central America where they joined the Rock Pack Tour, guested with California Transit Authority featuring Danny Seraphine, played concerts to benefit Eddie Tuduri's Rhythmic Arts Project with the Pockets. They entertained with other indie artists for the Lone Wolf Entertainment Foundation and rejoined the re-formed Sons of Champlin for a series of shows in the Northwest. In 2017, he and Tamara were part of the Ambrosia & Friends Tour. David Foster produced two solo albums for Champlin: "Single" (1978) and "Runaway" (1981). Both albums sold poorly due to lack of adequate promotion by his record company, although the latter album did include a pair of minor hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 ("Sara" and "Tonight, Tonight"). In the 1990s, Champlin released five more solo albums: "No Wasted Moments", "Burn Down the Night", "Through It All", "He Started to Sing", and "Mayday". The last was a live recording of songs from his career, and included musicians Greg Mathieson, Jerry Lopez, Eddie Garcia, Tom Saviano and Rochon Westmoreland. In September 2008, Champlin released "No Place Left To Fall" and a companion DVD in Japan on JVC/Victor. The record was produced by Champlin and Mark Eddinger, and featured musicians Bruce Gaitsch, George Hawkins, Jr., Billy Ward, Tamara Champlin, Will Champlin, and Eddinger, with guest appearances by Steve Lukather, Peter Cetera, Michael English, Jerry Lopez and enlisted such songwriting/player greats as Jay Graydon, Andreas Carlsson, Diane Warren, Michael Caruso, Tom Saviano and Dennis Matkosky. The record was released in Europe by Zinc Music in December 2008 and in the U.S. by DreamMakers Music in August 2009. In 1978, the day after Chicago guitarist Terry Kath died, the band reached out to Champlin suggesting that he audition to take Kath's place. Champlin turned down the offer, saying he could not fill that role. In early 1981, Champlin collaborated with Chicago's drummer, Danny Seraphine, singing some backgrounds with Peter Cetera on a non-Chicago project. Seraphine and Champlin co-wrote a few songs for Chicago that year, and Champlin was invited to sing one of those songs, "Sonny Think Twice", as a guest vocalist. Champlin suggested to Seraphine that David Foster might be a good choice as a producer for Chicago at that time. Seraphine began a campaign to get Champlin into the group, and he joined before the end of 1981. The band did collaborate with Foster on their next album, 1982's platimum certified "Chicago 16". Champlin was featured singing several songs, including "Bad Advice", "Follow Me" and the "Sonny Think Twice" that he co-wrote and had originally guested on during 1981, while also sharing vocals with Cetera on "Waiting for You to Decide". 1984's "Chicago 17" enhanced Champlin's presence in the group, when he wrote several songs ("Please Hold On" and "Remember the Feeling"), and sang (with Cetera) the hit single "Hard Habit to Break". In 1988 Champlin's voice appeared prominently on several major hit singles from "Chicago 19": "Look Away", "I Don't Wanna Live Without Your Love", and "You're Not Alone". That year he also sang the theme to the television show "In the Heat of the Night". In 1990 Champlin wrote, produced, and sang lead on "Hearts in Trouble", a song for the movie soundtrack of "Days of Thunder". Originally a solo song, the producers of the movie decided, for marketing purposes, that it be released under the name of Chicago; so the band's horn section added a brass arrangement to the track and subsequently it was released as a single. In the summer of 1990, Chicago launched their "Hearts in Trouble Tour". In 1991, Chicago released the album "Twenty 1", featuring the Champlin-sung hit "Chasin' the Wind", which peaked at No. 39 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the band's last top 40 hit on that chart. In 1993, Chicago recorded its "lost album", not released until 2008 as "". Champlin sings on the tracks "Mah-Jong", "Cry for The Lost", "The Show Must Go On", and "Plaid." Champlin made major contributions to Chicago's big-band tribute "Night & Day Big Band" in 1995, and to their 1998 Christmas album "", including the additional track as "What's It Gonna Be, Santa?" on the album's 2003 re-release. Champlin co-wrote four of the songs on the band's 2006 album "Chicago XXX". In 2009 Chicago and Champlin announced he would be departing from the group, which he did mid-tour during the band's summer tour with Earth, Wind & Fire. Chicago's management released a statement saying "Bill Champlin is no longer in Chicago. He was a long time band member and we wish him all the best as he embarks on his new solo project, for which he's worked long and hard." Meanwhile, Champlin's publicist released a statement saying, "After 28 years with Chicago, singer-songwriter-keyboardist Bill Champlin is parting ways with the classic jazz/rock band to focus once again on his solo career." Bill Champlin resides in Los Angeles, California. He has two sisters, Mimi Champlin and Sally Champlin. Champlin was married in the 1970s and had two children, Bradford Raymond Champlin and Amy Jo Kelly. Champlin has been married since 1982 to his second wife, singer-songwriter Tamara Champlin, and together they have son Will Champlin, who finished third on Season 5 (2013) of "The Voice". In 1983, the same year son Will was born, Bill and Tamara performed music together on screen in the film "Copper Mountain". </doc> <doc id="2342609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342609" title="William Eagle Clarke"> William Eagle Clarke Dr William Eagle Clarke FLS FRSE PBOU I.S.O LL.D. (16 March 1853 – 10 May 1938) was a British ornithologist. Clarke was born in Leeds where his father William Clarke was a solicitor and educated at the Grammar School and at Yorkshire College, Leeds where he studied under Professor L C Miall. He was originally a civil engineer and surveyor, but later took up natural history as a profession. He became Curator of Leeds Museum in 1884, moving to the Natural History Department of the Royal Scottish Museum in 1888, where he was Keeper from 1906 to 1921. He went on several expeditions including the Rhone Valley, Sclavonia, Hungary and Andorra. He observed that the Rhone Valley was important for migratory birds. He also worked on collections obtained by others and described the Negros bleeding-heart. He was instrumental in recognizing that lighthouses and lightships were capable of collecting a great deal of migration information. For his work on bird migration he became the first recipient of the Godman-Salvin Medal in 1922. In 1903 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh his main proposer being Ramsay Heatley Traquair. He was President of the British Ornithologists Union in 1918. </doc> <doc id="2342612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342612" title="Alex Bodry"> Alex Bodry Alex Bodry (born 3 October 1958) is a politician from Luxembourg. Born 3 October 1958 in Dudelange, Bodry lived there since childhood. Coming from a family of socialist tradition (his grandfather Jean Fohrmann, was Member of Parliament and Mayor, union activist, member of the High authority of the ESCS and resistant fighter and his aunt Marthe Bigelbach-Fohrmann, was a socialist Member of Parliament from 1974 to 1979), he entered the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party at the age of 15. After his secondary education at the Lycée des Garçons in Esch-sur-Alzette, he studied law at the Sorbonne University (Paris I) where he passed his master's degree and became lawyer in Luxembourg. Neither his university studies, nor his professional activity as a lawyer cut his links with his home town to which he remains deeply attached. Elected in 1982 a local councillor at the age of twenty three years only, Alex Bodry remained in the municipal council until 1989 when he joined the Government. Alongside his local work, Alex Bodry began a national political career which led him in 1984 to become a Member of Parliament and in 1989 a member of the Government. He was elected - until now - four times at the "Chambre des Députés", the first time at the age of 25. Having been Minister from 1989 till 1999 in various departments (Environment, Town and country planning, Communication, Energy, Youth, Sports, Police and Armed forces), he became 1st alderman of his home town Dudelange and became Mayor after the elections of 2004. Alex Bodry contributed to the development of the environmental law in Luxembourg and was the Minister responsible for the merger of the Gendarmerie and for the Police in his country. To ensure a dynamic and sustainable development of the former "Forge of the South" after the decline of the steel industry, such is the political objective of the local elected representative. The revitalization of the city centre combined with an active support for the life of districts and for the sanitation of the ARCELOR Brownfield sites are the key elements of the urbanistic revival of Dudelange, city of the cultures and the media. His commitment to a careful budgetary policy allowed to loosen the indispensable financial and political margins to guarantee investments in the future of Dudelange. In the same year of 2004 Alex Bodry became national a president of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party ( LSAP). He also serves as vice-president of the socialist parliamentary group since then. In addition, he is a member of the PES presidency (Party of European Socialists). His political priorities are at present oriented to legal and institutional questions, public finances and the economy. Designated twice Rapporteur of the Budget, the politician from Dudelange is the author of several bills of law and revision of the Constitution. He is at present an honorary president of the Luxemburg Federation of athletics, of which he was the national president from 2000 till 2010. In 2007 he was elected vice-president of the AASSE. The jurist is also the author of several law books including a reference book on the non-contentious administrative procedure. Alex Bodry is married with Martine Kohn and father of two girls. During his spare time he likes to find antiques and to attend music concerts. </doc> <doc id="2342619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342619" title="Rescission (contract law)"> Rescission (contract law) In contract law, rescission has been defined as the unmaking of a contract between parties. Rescission is the unwinding of a transaction. This is done to bring the parties, as far as possible, back to the position in which they were before they entered into a contract (the "status quo ante"). Rescission is used throughout the law in a number of different senses. The failure to draw these crucial distinctions is productive of serious confusion. Although Judicature legislation has been enacted throughout the common law world, and jurisdictions vary in their recognition of a distinct body of law known as equity, reference to the jurisdictional origins is still important for the purposes of exposition. Rescission is an equitable remedy and is discretionary. It is used as a synonym for termination at law. A court may decline to rescind a contract if one party has affirmed the contract by his action, or a third party has acquired some rights or there has been substantial performance in implementing the contract. To improve chances of being granted rescission, parties may do well to describe those circumstances are giving rise to an entitlement to terminate, as was done in "Koompahtoo Local Aboriginal Land Council v Sanpine Pty Ltd". Furthermore, because rescission is supposed to be imposed "mutually" upon both sides to a contract, the party seeking rescission normally must offer to give back all benefits he or she has received under the contract (an "offer of tender"). The US state of Virginia uses the term "cancellation" for equitable rescission. Furthermore, a minority of common law jurisdictions, like South Africa, use the term "rescission" for what other jurisdictions call "reversing", "overturning" or "overruling" a court judgment. In this sense, the term means to be set aside or make void, on application to the court that granted the judgment or to a higher court. Applications to rescind a judgment are usually made on the basis of error or for good cause. Most common law jurisdictions avoid all this confusion by holding that one "rescinds" a contract and "cancels" a deed (i.e., of real property), and treat rescission as a contractual remedy rather than a type of procedural remedy against a court judgment. In Australia, the Court of Equity may grant partial relief under the contract if good conscience and practical justice is observed by the court. In finance, law, and insurance, rescission is the termination of a contract from the beginning (as if it never existed), rendering it "void ab initio". In 2009, one judge ruled that borrowers who refinanced into an adjustable-rate mortgage could force a bank to rescind mortgage loans if it acted similarly inappropriately. Rescission is typically viewed as "an extreme remedy" which is "rarely granted". In order to have legal certainty and in order to avoid the situation that courts have to decide ex-post if a trade should be binding or not, erroneous trade rules of exchanges usually exclude civil-law rescission rights. This explains why banks usually have to carry huge losses when clearly erroneous trades occurred that have not been detected within 30 minutes. Insurers have the right to rescind an insurance policy due to concealment, material misrepresentation, or material breach of warranty. Generally, to rescind, an insurer will send a notice to the insured and tender a check in the amount of the premium paid for the relevant policy period In health insurance and specifically the individual and small group insurance markets, rescissions have generally followed the diagnosis of an expensive-to-treat illness in the patient (policyholder), typically because of withheld information about a pre-existing medical condition. Public awareness of this practice increased during the 2009 US healthcare debate, when it was described colloquially as "cancel coverage when you get sick". The practice of health insurance rescission was partially limited starting September 23, 2010, following the adoption of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in 2010. A House committee report found that WellPoint Inc., UnitedHealth Group and Assurant rescinded policies for more than 20,000 people over a five-year period; the House report also highlighted 13 particular cases. In 2010, it was revealed that WellPoint specifically targeted women with breast cancer for aggressive investigation with the intent to cancel (rescind) their policies. The disclosures followed the discovery that Assurant Health similarly targeted all recently diagnosed HIV-positive (AIDS) policyholders for rescission. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius sent a letter to WellPoint urging the insurer to immediately end their practice of dropping health insurance coverage for the women. The software technology used by Wellpoint as well as other major American health insurance companies is provided by MIB Group. The software automatically triggered a fraud investigation on every policyholder recently diagnosed with breast cancer and searched for conditions not disclosed in the application. The MIB Group provides a "Follow-up Service" which allows for a "second chance" to underwrite based on additional, discovered information during the contestable period. The service is maintained for two years after initial underwriting and may include, among other information credit history, medical conditions, driving records, criminal activity, drug use, participation in hazardous sports, and personal or family genetic history. Consumers can request a copy of the data in their report from MIB Group. The insurer is additionally required to prove an "intent to deceive" in the misrepresentation, this fraud or intent requirement was extended federally for health insurance contracts effective September 23, 2010 by Section 2712 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. In the long-run the change may have little effect in practice given that the bill eventually will not allow underwriting based on preexisting conditions. Previously, most states required proving "intent to deceive". </doc> <doc id="2342621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342621" title="Rossall School"> Rossall School Rossall School is a British, fee paying co-educational, independent school, between Cleveleys and Fleetwood, Lancashire. Rossall was founded in 1844 by St Vincent Beechey as a sister school to Marlborough College which had been founded the previous year. Its establishment was "to provide, at a moderate cost, for the sons of Clergymen and others, a classical, mathematical and general education of the highest class, and to do all things necessary, incidental, or conducive to the attainment of the above objects." Along with Cheltenham, Lancing and Marlborough, Rossall was part of a flurry of expansion in education during the early Victorian period. These schools were later complemented by others such as Clifton, Wellington, Malvern and Radley. Set in a estate next to Rossall Beach, Rossall is also a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference and was granted a royal charter on 21 October 1890. It accepts students between the ages of 2 and 18 and also has an associated preparatory school. Rossall's campus has a large array of facilities for extracurricular activities and the school is home to the Lawrence House Space Science and Astronomy Centre, the only facility of its type in the UK. Over the years, Rossall has adapted itself to changing attitudes in education, and was the first school in the UK to have a Combined Cadet Force and one of the first to introduce the International Baccalaureate and host a dedicated international study centre on campus. The idea of founding a boarding school on the Fylde coast originates with a Corsican man named Zenon Vantini. As the owner of the North Euston Hotel in Fleetwood, Vantini opened his hotel expecting many visitors but few people arrived. To boost the number of visitors to Fleetwood and help his hotel and the local economy, Vantini opened two schools in the vicinity of Fleetwood, one for boys and another for girls, totalling 1,000 students. The early Victorian period was marked by high child mortality rates, and Vantini expected that in the long term, the schools could be funded by a form of tontine insurance scheme, whereby the cost to educate children who reached their teenage years was offset by those who had died in infancy. Vantini called a meeting at the North Euston Hotel to discuss the foundation of the schools with local businessmen and clergy. It was decided that any school that was to be founded would be directly affiliated to the Church of England. This was to be the first major Church of England school in the north of England and a sister school to Marlborough College which had opened the previous year. It was soon established that there was little hope of founding the girls' school and this idea was abandoned, with the boys' school pupil numbers reduced to 200. Consequently, Vantini's involvement with the scheme steadily dissipated, Rev. St. Vincent Beechey, the parish priest of Fleetwood, took over. Beechey set about finding the funds required to set up such a school. Beechey got the financial support of Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood, The Earl of Derby as patron, the Duke of Devonshire as vice-president and John Bird Sumner, then Bishop of Chester and later Archbishop of Canterbury, as visitor. As a result of Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood's financial problems from over-investing in the development of Fleetwood, he agreed to lease his ancestral home of Rossall Hall to the school for 21 years, with the option of buying it for £7,000 after ten years. The Northern Church of England Boarding School, renamed Rossall College under the reign of William Osborne, opened on 22 August 1844, Initial problems were not unusual for boarding schools of the time, though Rossall nearly shut down in its infancy because of huge outbreaks of scarlet fever. The foundation stone to the school chapel, now the Sumner Library, was laid in 1848 by the first ever Bishop of Manchester, James Prince Lee - the diocese having only been created that same year. Rossall's swift and successful development can be seen by its inclusion in the book "The Great Schools of England" (1865). The current chapel was constructed in the 1860s and the school underwent further development from the 1880s to 1900 to accommodate more students and to create further facilities such as the gym which still stands. In 1874 Rossall became the first Church of England school to play a Catholic school, Stonyhurst College, in an inter-school sports fixture, at cricket. Protestant newspapers warned against such activities advising Rossall parents to be wary of encroaching papism. Two decades later, roughly one hundred O.R.s served in the Boer War, nearly half of them winning distinctions or mentions in despatches. Seventeen old boys died in active service, all of whom are now commemorated in the stalls of the school chapel. Rossall was widely considered to be in top 30 public schools in the UK by the end of Queen Victoria's reign also earning itself a place in the Public Schools Yearbook and the Public School News section of the Cambridge Review. Despite some financial difficulties as a result of fund embezzling by a bursar, by the end of the 1920s Rossall's academic results were amongst the best in the country with record numbers achieving scholarships to Oxbridge and attaining distinctions in the Higher Certificate examinations. During the world wars large numbers of Old Rossallians lost their lives in combat, 297 in World War I alone - the majority of whom are now commemorated in the extension memorial chapel. Rossall has a memorial plaque at St Georges Chapel by the Menin Gate in honour of its fallen, alongside schools such as Rugby, Eton and Harrow. 1,617 ORs fought in World War I, 300 of whom received war honours. Before the outbreak of the Second World War Rossall had made plans to accommodate Westminster School however these plans were scrapped when the government requisitioned the campus for several departments of the Office of Works, the Board of Education and the Ministry of Pensions. As a result, the school moved to Naworth Castle. The government departments put up prefabricated buildings and found other premises close by as soon as possible, and left in 1940. The school returned and took in a school from the south-east, as the Westminster School had found an alternative solution. The eventual choice was that of Alleyn's who had to be evacuated from London as a result of the risk of bombing. Another side effect of the war was that there was only one centenary dinner celebrating the 100th year of Rossall. It was conducted by Old Rossallians imprisoned in Changi Prison, a notorious POW camp in Singapore during the Japanese occupation. Benjamin Britten gave a concert in Big School in 1954. It continued to thrive and in the 1970s, in a bid to ensure the highest standards during a period of declining boarding, girls were allowed to enrol. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s the school pushed on with a development programme and had royal visits including the Queen in 1994 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of its foundation. The school went through great financial difficulty at the turn of the millennium. Rossall has since had more investment than previously, with the boarding houses including Maltese Cross currently undergoing varying degrees of refurbishment. The middle school now runs from years 7 to 9, one year longer than traditionally. As a part of the modernising of the school the IB was introduced as an alternative to A-Levels in 1998, being only the 3rd school in the UK to do so, and there is now an international boarding contingent. Rossall promotes relatively affordable private education in relation to the rest of the UK - 80% of those who attend the school are the first in their family to attend an independent school and a large number of scholarships and bursaries are available. 2007 saw the return of the Rossall Summer School - developed to give children from outside the UK the opportunity to develop their English speaking skills as well as being a chance for those thinking of going to a boarding school to consider whether they are suited to the lifestyle. This was erected in 1867, under the reign of William Osborne, with the foundation stone being laid by William Cavendish, 7th Duke of Devonshire. It is believed to have been designed by Edward Graham Paley. It is clearly modelled on the entrance gates of the Oxbridge colleges and originally had large wooden doors which were locked at night; these have since been removed for improvements in access. In the 1860s a new school chapel was built to cope with the increasing number of students, the old chapel serving, as it does today, as the school library. The new chapel was designed by Edward Graham Paley, extended by Robert Lorimer and includes carvings by Eric Gill. The chapel organ was designed by Harrison & Harrison. Rossall celebrated the chapel's 150th Anniversary on 1 April 2012. The original school dining hall burnt down in the 1920s. The replacement, the current dining hall, was designed by Sir Hubert Worthington. The design was not without fault however - it was constructed from bricks encased in a weatherable coating that would dissolve away to leave it looking in the same condition as the rest of the square. The largest section of wood panelling behind the headmaster's table in the dining hall is made from an oak tree that grew in the back garden of George Mallory. It is likely that it is the largest school dining hall in the country and was described by F. A. M. Webster in his book "Our Great Public Schools" as, "one of the most splendid in the country." There are four coats of arms attached to the exterior of the dining hall to commemorate the various families associated with Rossall over the years; The Allen Family for the medieval and renaissance owners of the site, The Hesketh Family for the Anglican family who acquired the sequestered property of the Roman Catholic Allens during the English Reformation, The Fleetwood family who intermarried with the Heskeths and became the most recent owners of the site prior to the original loan of Rossall Hall for the opening of the school by their last representative, Sir Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood and The Beechey Family for the founder of the school, The Revd. St. Vincent Beechey. Stone from Rossall can be found in the cloisters of Canberra Grammar School along with stones from Eton, Westminster, St Paul's, Charterhouse, Uppingham, Clifton, Tonbridge, Shrewsbury, Sherborne, Wellington, Cheltenham, Repton and Radley. The school has specialist sporting, scientific and cultural facilities, including: The school offers both A-levels and the International Baccalaureate IB Diploma Programme for Sixth form students. The Preparatory School operates on IB Primary Years Programme. There are 64 clubs and societies in operation at Rossall including the traditional rugby union, football, Fives and Hockey. There is a Croquet Club. As well as competing in sporting competitions around the country, Rossall plays host to inter-school tournaments. These have included hockey, preparatory school rugby union and basketball. The most notable tournament is the fives competition which in 2005 included Lancing College, Malvern College, Uppingham School and Shrewsbury School. Rossall was the first school in the United Kingdom to form a Combined Cadet Force (CCF). It was founded in February 1860 when the threat of a French/Irish Catholic invasion was at its height. Although Rugby School claims to have raised a company of Volunteer Riflemen in 1804 Rossall's is the oldest contingent continually in existence and the one from which many other schools drew the inspiration of founding theirs. Other schools such as Eton College formed their corps a few months after Rossall. From 1890 to 1908 the corps was affiliated to the 1st Lancashire Engineer Volunteers. The institution is still present in the school today with around 100 cadets currently enlisted. In recent years the shooting team has excelled with notable victories in the Home Guard Cup and Loyal’s Regimental Cup. The CCF at Rossall received the Queens colours on Tuesday 29 June 2010, to celebrate its 150th anniversary and to acknowledge its status as the oldest cadet corps in the UK. Through the Cadet Vocational Qualifications Organisation (CVQO) the School CCF offers cadets (aged 16–19) and above the opportunity to gain internationally recognised BTEC First Diploma qualifications in Public Services and Music. Each BTEC First Diploma is the equivalent of 4 GCSEs, grade C - A*. Other societies include the Astronomy club which makes use of the school's telescope and planetarium and the Literary Society, called the Farrell Society, after the writer J.G. Farrell, which meets on Friday evenings to discuss different genres of literature. Many notable people have studied at Rossall over the years. The school alumni society is called the Rossallian Club. The Rossallian Club has gatherings every year all over the UK and, with the advent of a large international boarding contingent in recent years, all over the world - the first ‘OR’ (Old Rossalian) meal in Germany took place in 2006. The school also has its own masonic lodge, founded in 1928, that meets three times a year at Freemasons's Hall in London. It is part of the Public School Lodges Council and is open to any Old Rossallian who wishes to join. Rossall alumni are among just nine schools to have won The Halford Hewitt golf tournament more than twice. These schools are (in order of victories): Charterhouse (16), Harrow (11), Eton (10), Tonbridge (6), Rugby (5), Watson's (4), Rossall (3), Shrewsbury (3), Merchiston (3). Rossall is also positioned 8th overall in the Anderson Scale of past performances in the competition. Rossall is also home to the Lawrence House Astronomy and Space Science Centre - the only centre dedicated solely to the teaching of Astronomy. The project consists of the telescope in Rossall's Assheton Observatory as well as a building of its own containing a lecture theatre, classrooms and a portable planetarium. The telescope is of particular note - being long, 18 inches wide and dating from 1870. The objective diameter of the telescope is 6.5 inches and it has a focal length of f/13.5. The project has been funded by the Lawrence House Trust and predominantly run by Dr. Nick Lister, originally the head of design and technology at the school and now Astronomer in Residence. Dr. Lister studied at Plymouth University before getting his PhD from University College London. He is a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society and was recently appointed as vice-president of the Association for Astronomy Education, where he succeeded Dr Robert Massey of the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, who has now become president of the organisation. When initial assessments were being made for the feasibility of restoring the observatory, both the telescope and observatory were in a poor condition as a result of years of neglect and an arson attempt by some local children. The telescope is made predominantly from brass and thus suffered minimal corrosion and damage. Most importantly the lens of the telescope survived unscathed allowing for restoration. This was carried out at first by several dedicated parents and governors of the school, amongst them Syd Little. Soon after the basic restoration ideas were raised for a larger project allowing the teaching of astronomy on a larger scale. After getting clearance from the original owners of the telescope to go ahead with the project, Rossall was given funds from the Lawrence House Trust, an educational charity, to go forward with their plans. The centre had an official opening on 26 September 2006 with Old Rossallian and former Astronomer Royal Sir Francis Graham Smith in attendance. </doc> <doc id="2342624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342624" title="Santa Fe de Luxe"> Santa Fe de Luxe The Santa Fe de Luxe was the first extra-fare named passenger train on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The "de Luxe" (meaning something luxurious, or elegant) started on December 12, 1911 on a seasonal weekly schedule between Chicago, Illinois, and Los Angeles, California. It was the first train the Santa Fe called "Extra Fast - Extra Fine - Extra Fare." It was conceived by company president Edward Payson Ripley as the Santa Fe equivalent to the renowned "20th Century Limited" (New York Central) and "Broadway Limited" (Pennsylvania Railroad). The trip took 63 hours each way and the sixty passengers paid a surcharge of $25 each way. Passengers could only board in Chicago, Los Angeles, Kansas City, or at Williams, Arizona (where those heading to the Grand Canyon boarded a train of the Grand Canyon Railway. On arrival at Summit in Cajon Pass in California eastbound passengers were presented with orchid corsages (for the ladies) and engraved pigskin wallets (for the men). On the westbound run, ladies received a bouquet of flowers and a basket of California oranges, while the men got the usual wallet. The "de Luxe" was not essential to the war effort and was withdrawn on May 1, 1917. It took the Pullman Company almost a year to design and build the 12 heavyweight steel underframe cars of the two identical consists of the "de Luxe", one of which was: The cars were lavishly furnished and had electric lighting. Drawing room passengers slept in brass beds instead of the usual berths. The dining cars featured the first attempt at air conditioning on rail passenger cars; the dining room was cooled in the summer with large blocks of ice. The trains were pulled by the best available of the road's passenger pool locomotives. On the prairie districts of Illinois, Missouri and Kansas, most divisions saw fast 4-4-2 "Atlantic"-type engines assigned. On many of the western mountain districts, 4-6-2 "Pacific"-type steam locomotives were used, with helpers added over the toughest grades. </doc> <doc id="2342631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342631" title="Silver Surfer (video game)"> Silver Surfer (video game) Silver Surfer is a video game released for the Nintendo Entertainment System, developed by Software Creations and released by Arcadia Systems in November 1990 in the United States. "Silver Surfer" is primarily known for its strong difficulty and highly praised music. In "Silver Surfer", the player controls the Marvel Comics comic book hero Silver Surfer through various levels that alternate between a side-scrolling and an overhead perspective. Each stage is divided into sections. At the end of each section, a mini-boss appears, and the Silver Surfer must shoot the main enemy while many other enemies attack as well. These are the only times where the screen stops scrolling forward. The third and final section contains a super-villain from the comic book series who will take more hits to defeat. The villains featured in the game are Reptyl, Mephisto, Possessor, Fire Lord, and Kylor, the self-proclaimed emperor of the Skrull. After the first set of levels is complete, Galactus appears and sends Silver Surfer on a final mission into the "Magik Domain" to collect a "Cosmic Device" from a villain whose identity is less than clear. Despite previous claims, the final boss is actually a giant purple being with a handgun that does not appear to have been in the comics, although the image near the boss's health bar suggests that the main antagonist is X-Men villain Mister Sinister. Once Silver Surfer defeats him, the rest of the Cosmic Device is his, and he tells Galactus that no one must have access to the "Cosmic Device" and hides it for safe keeping so it may not fall into the wrong hands. The game has a password feature that allows a number of upgrades, such as invincibility. The game has cut-scenes between the levels to move the story line ahead, and allows the player to pick the levels in any order, similar to the "Mega Man" games. The game also features two additional 'quests', the first of which is unlocked by entering a password given to the player upon completing the "Magik Domain" mission. Silver Surfer is armed with silver pellets that shoot out of his hands to destroy enemies and their projectiles. The player can collect silver spheres that serve as "options", which shoot additional pellets alongside the Silver Surfer. By pressing the B button, the spheres switch position to shoot forward, sideways or backward, while the Silver Surfer continues to fire forward. There are two other kinds of power-ups: collecting squares with an "F" can make shots gradually stronger to make the shots look like fire pellets. Up to five can be collected before they give bonus points instead. Collecting squares with a "B" will stock screen-clearing bombs, used by pressing the Select button; every life starts with one of these in stock. When a life is lost, all spheres, firepower, and extra bombs are lost and must be re-obtained. "Silver Surfer" received mostly mixed reviews. The music of the game, however, is highly praised for its composition and technical accomplishments. In April 2013, GamesRadar ranked it as the 47th worst game ever made, as the staff felt that the game didn't do the character of Silver Surfer justice. </doc> <doc id="2342634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342634" title="Choloma"> Choloma Choloma is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. It is now the third-largest city in Honduras. Many factories are stationed in Choloma due to its cheap labour which has boosted the municipality's economy. Choloma is just south of Puerto Cortes and north of San Pedro Sula, with transportation to other municipalities provided by private bus companies. Many transnational companies, such as Oskoch, are stationed here for production as well as in various tax-free zones around the country. Atlético Choloma is the professional football club from Choloma, who have played in the Honduran national football league from 2011 through 2013. They play their home games at the Estadio Rubén Deras. </doc> <doc id="2342635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342635" title="La Lima"> La Lima La Lima is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. It is home to the corporate headquarters of the Tela Railroad Company, a subsidiary of Chiquita Brand. The city is divided into two cities by river Chamelecon: La Lima Vieja, located on the western side of the River and La Lima Nueva, located on the eastern side of the river. Its people are known as "limeños." For many years La Lima was a city and under the municipality of San Pedro Sula. When La Lima split from the municipality of San Pedro Sula, Fernando Ching Navarro was part of the committee in charge of the creation of the municipality of La Lima. When the municipality was created, he went on to become the first major of La Lima; he took office in 1982 and his term ended in 1986. Mr. Fernando Ching died on 17 January 2009 at the age of 84. His restaurant "Pollos La Canasta" which he established since 1969 is still running in Lima Vieja. La Lima has a strong international presence with the FHIA (Fundación Hondureña de Investigación Agricola) plant laboratories,known before as "La Quimica" and the American Zone (La Zona Americana) built by the Chiquita banana company in the 1950s to provide housing for its first class employees e.g.: President, Vice-President, Managers, Ingeneers, Agronomists. The "American Zone" nowadays has a large number of foreigners still living there. In "the American Zone",is located the EILL, Escuela Internacional La Lima. La Lima has one of the largest golf courses in Central America. La Lima is also known as "Little New York", because over the years it has been said that if you were a great dancer, you had to be from La Lima. Also a large population of limeños have residency in New York City, especially The Bronx and Brooklyn. Most of these people come from the "Colonia Sitraterco". Recently, a large amount of limeños have been arriving to Miami. La Lima is a city where you can walk and see the many activities done in the "centro". La Lima features a tropical savanna climate (Koppen Aw), with year-round relatively high temperatures and plentiful rainfall year round. San Pedro Sula has experienced hurricanes and tropical storms and is prone to them during the hurricane season usually when the storms form in the southern part of the Caribbean or Western Africa. Many soccer players have come out from La Lima, Carlos Pavón, Milton "Chocolate" Flores, José Luis "El Pili" Aguirre, Marco Vinicio "El Chacal" Ortega, José Luis López, Reynaldo "El Chino" Pineda, José "La Coneja" Cardona, Gilberto Yearwood. Back in the years, La Lima had one of the most famous soccer teams in Honduras, "Sula", known as "Los Canarios". Sula were Honduras champions in the '40s, '50s. In the '80s, it was one of the teams that played the most technically beautiful soccer, it has been said that in 1987, Sula was the team to be champion, but black-hand was done between coach Nestor Matamala and Olimpia, and left Sula out of the tournament. La Lima fans supported their team in every game, they played their local games in Francisco Morazan stadium, due to the fact that they didn't have a local stadium. They had a good administration running the team, including the likes of people like the Romero Puerto brothers who were involved with the team. The club currently plays in the Honduran second division. They have the well known music band named "Los Silver Star". </doc> <doc id="2342639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342639" title="Pimienta, Honduras"> Pimienta, Honduras Pimienta is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. Pimienta means pepper in Spanish. </doc> <doc id="2342640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342640" title="Sirohi"> Sirohi Sirohi is a city in southern Rajasthan state in western India. It is the administrative headquarters of Sirohi District and was formerly the capital of the princely state of Sirohi ruled by Deora Chauhan Rajput. It has five Tehsils (Administrative Divisions): Abu Road, Sheoganj, Reodar, Pindwara, and Sirohi itself. It is also known as Devnagari. The nearest railway station to Sirohi is Sirohi Road.Sirohi got first rank in 33 districts of Rajasthan for "Swachha bharat Abhiyan " in year 2014. Sirohi is well connected to all the cities of India through National Highways and State Highways . RSRTC has daily services to Jaipur, Udaipur, Ajmer, Kota, Barmer, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Surat, Kalyan from Sirohi Central Busstop . Various private company buses like VRL Travels,MR travels, SRS Travels, Shrinath Travels have daily services from Sirohi to Bangalore and Pune . Nearest Railway Station Sirohi Road (SOH) and Abu road (ABR). Nearest Domestic Airport Udaipur and International Airport Ahmedabad . Sirohi is located at . It has an average elevation of 321 metres (1053 ft). The Name Sirohi had been derived by "Siranwa" hills on the Western Slope of which it stands. Colonel Tod in his book "Travels in Western India" has suggested that the names of the territory might have derived from its position at the head (Sir) of the desert (Rohi), Sirohi also named as "Sword" and this had led some people to believe that this State of brave Deora Chauhans received it present name due to its widespread fame of its Swords i.e. Sirohi means " Self Respect is most important even if head may be detached " in other words "A Rajput of Sirohi may die for Self Respect." Sirohi, is said to have taken its name from Sirohi from Siranwa hill, on the western slope at which it stands. In 1405, Rao Sobhaji founded the town of Shivpuri on the eastern slope of Siranwa Hill. Shivpuri today lies in ruins. In 1425, his son and successor, Sehastramal (or Sahastramal, Sehastramal), founded a fortress on the eastern slope of the same hill, which became his capital and grew into the present-day town of Sirohi. After Independence an agreement was signed between Central Government and minor ruler of Sirohi State, with this the State Administration of the Sirohi State was taken over by Bombay Government from 5 January 1949 to 25 January 1950. The first administrator representing a bombay state was Prema Bhai Patel. After final merger with Rajasthan in 1950, an area of 787 km consisting of Aburoad and Delwara tehsils of Sirohi district was renamed with the Bombay State on 1 November 1956, after the recommendation of the State organisation Commission, which forms the present position of the district. , Sirohi had a population of 851,107. The urban population is 150,890. Males constitute 53% of the population, and females constitute 47%. Sirohi has an average literacy rate of 66%, higher than the national average of 54.3%; male literacy is 70%, and female literacy is 37%. In Sirohi, 14% of the population is under 6 years of age. Stated. Schools in Sirohi are affiliated either by the Central board of secondary education, or Rajasthan board of secondary education. There are 863 schools in the district including both private and government. The higher education institutions in the city included Govt P.G.College affiliated by Mohanlal Sukhadia University , a Govt. GIrls College which is also affiliated to Mohanlal Sukhadia University ,Udaipur and & Private colleges. For technical education Govt. POLYTECHNIC & Govt. Women B.ed college and ITI College as well Some renowned schools in the city are St. Paul's Senior Secondary School, Ajit Vidhya Mandir, and Emmanuel Mission School. Sirohi is well connected to highways of India by the NHAI . NH 62 connects sirohi from South starting from Pindwara to the north up to the Pali District of Rajasthan and continues up to Beawar. NH 168 passing through Sirohi intersecting SH 27 which is also known as Delhi - Kandla Highway SH 27 ends at Deesa In Gujarat State. SH 38 passing from NH 62 in the west of the Sirohi connecting NH 112 via Jalore and ends at the Balotra in Barmer District. SH 10 on the east of Sirohi heading towards NH 8 intersect at Udaipur, Rajasthan and SH 10 continues up to Banswara District in Rajasthan. <ul> bhooteshwar mahadev mandir bhootgaon [[Category:Cities and towns in Sirohi district]] </doc> <doc id="2342641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342641" title="Potrerillos, Cortés"> Potrerillos, Cortés Potrerillos is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. </doc> <doc id="2342643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342643" title="San Antonio de Cortés"> San Antonio de Cortés San Antonio de Cortés is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. </doc> <doc id="2342645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342645" title="San Francisco de Yojoa"> San Francisco de Yojoa San Francisco de Yojoa () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. Religion: Mostly Christians Catholics and in minor grade Christian Evangelics. </doc> <doc id="2342646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342646" title="San Manuel, Cortés"> San Manuel, Cortés San Manuel is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. </doc> <doc id="2342649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342649" title="Santa Cruz de Yojoa"> Santa Cruz de Yojoa Santa Cruz de Yojoa is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. Santa Cruz de Yojoa is located approximately 50 miles south of San Pedro Sula on top of a large hillside on the way to the dam that supplies power to many Central American cities. Santa Cruz de Yojoa, over the years, has become a large populated city, with its central park known as "Parque Central de Santa Cruz de Yojoa" which translated into English means "Santa Cruz de Yojoa Central Park". SCDY is home to 2 churches, one being Catholic and the other Christian of a different denomination. Santa cruz owns more than 10 transportation buses which have its route through Santa Cruze's only paved street. 1 of said buses are stored in SCDY's main hotel, Los Amigos hotel. </doc> <doc id="2342651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342651" title="Villanueva, Cortés"> Villanueva, Cortés Villanueva is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés. Villanueva was a little town but today is a city with a lot of banks, for example Banco de Occiente, Citi Bank, Electra. Many clothes factories have been moved to Villanueva Cortes because it is the best place where everything can be made. The nearest places from Villanueva are the cities of San Pedro Sula, Lima Cortes, Pimienta Cortes, Potrerillos, Cortés and many more places. There are a lot of new neighborhoods in this city. The Banco of Ficosa has built many communities for sale to people around Honduras. Villanueva is growing each day with people coming from different parts of Honduras. </doc> <doc id="2342673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342673" title="Lesser Caucasus"> Lesser Caucasus Lesser Caucasus ( "Pʿokʿr Kovkas", Azerbaijani: "Kiçik Qafqaz Dağları", , , Persian: Arankuh, , sometimes translated as "Caucasus Minor") is second of the two main mountain ranges of Caucasus mountains, of length about . The western portion of the Lesser Caucasus overlaps and converges with the high plateau of Eastern Anatolia, in the far northeast of Turkey. It runs parallel to the Greater Caucasus, at a distance averaging about south from Likhi Range (Georgia) and limits the Armenian Highland from the North and North-East. It is connected to the Greater Caucasus by the Likhi Range (Georgia) and separated from it by the Kolkhida Lowland (Georgia) in the West and Kura-Aras Lowland (Azerbaijan) (by Kura River) in the East. The highest peak is Aragats, . The borders between Georgia, Turkey, Armenia, and Azerbaijan run through the range, although its crest does not usually define the border. The Lesser Caucasus mountain system does not have a single continuous mountain range. It consists of four main parts: The range was historically called Anticaucasus or Anti-Caucasus (Greek: Αντι-Καύκασος, Russian: Антикавка́з, Анти-Кавка́з). This usage is commonly found in older sources. Current usage tends towards using the name Lesser Caucasus, but Anticaucasus can still be found in modern texts. </doc> <doc id="2342677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342677" title="Stolberg (Rhineland)"> Stolberg (Rhineland) Stolberg (; ) is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has a long history as an industrial town and belongs to the district Aachen and the lower district court of Eschweiler. Stolberg is located approximately 5 km east of Aachen in a valley at the fringes of the Eifel which begins in the East with the Hürtgenwald and in the South in the municipality of Monschau. It borders Eschweiler in the north and the Aachen city district of Eilendorf in the west. The core of Stolberg is commonly divided into Unterstolberg ("Lower Stolberg") and Oberstolberg ("Upper Stolberg") which includes most of the old parts of Stolberg. Other parts of Stolberg are Atsch, Büsbach, Donnerberg, Münsterbusch. In addition the villages of Breinig, Dorff, Gressenich, Mausbach, Schevenhütte, Venwegen, Vicht, Werth, and Zweifall have been incorporated into Stolberg. Stolberg is first mentioned in documents from the 12th century. It became an important centre of brass production when Protestant brass producers resettled to Stolberg from Aachen around 1600 to escape religious persecution and economic restrictions. The nickname of Stolberg, "Die Kupferstadt" (the Copper City), thus derives not from copper but from brass, "yellow copper". The "Kupferhöfe" (copper yards) where brass was originally produced and the brass manufacturers built their mansions remain as reminders of the brass manufacturers that dominated Stolberg and its economy. Stolberg lost its importance as a brass producer when pure zinc became available in the middle of the 19th century. Many brass producers moved into other industries, especially the glass and textile industries, or specialized in the mass production of haberdashery. Stolberg belonged to the Duchy of Jülich until 1794, when it became occupied by France and part of the Canton of Eschweiler in the Département de la Roer. After the Congress of Vienna in 1815, Stolberg became part of the Kingdom of Prussia. Stolberg acquired notoriety in the 1960s as the residence of Contergan producer Grünenthal. Because of its heavy industry, Stolberg has become associated with diseases of metal poisoning, literally "Gressenich cadmium cattle-dying" disease and "Stolberg lead children" disease. Stolberg has a significant ultra-right history, e.g., as the headquarters of the Wiking-Jugend from 1967 to 1991 and as a place of NPD activities. There are still three Neonazis in the town's parliament. The town's landmark is a castle which was rebuilt at the beginning of the 20th century at the location of the former medieval castle of Stolberg. Other remarkable old buildings are the Kupferhöfe (Copper yards) and the old town in general. At the eastern border of the territory of Stolberg is the Wehebachtalsperre (Beck Wehe reservoir) which includes a lookout point. Stolberg has several football, handball, gymnastics, swimming, tennis clubs and a few traditional shooting clubs. Other sports clubs include the gliding club "Luftsportverein Stolberg", situated at the Diepenlinchen Airfield and the regionally successful artistic cycling club "RSC Münsterbusch". Although Stolberg lacks direct Autobahn access, the next autobahns are easily accessible via the neighbouring towns of Aachen and Eschweiler. Stolberg Hauptbahnhof (central station) is on the Cologne–Aachen railway and served by a Regional-Express train every half-hour. Several smaller stations in the centre of Stolberg are connected to Aachen, Alsdorf, Eschweiler, Dutch Heerlen and Herzogenrath by the euregiobahn, a slower regional train. </doc> <doc id="2342683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342683" title="F.C. Paços de Ferreira"> F.C. Paços de Ferreira Futebol Clube Paços de Ferreira () is a Portuguese football club based in Paços de Ferreira, Porto district. Founded in 1950, they currently play in the LigaPro, holding home games at the 9,077-seat capacity Estádio da Mata Real, where the team has been based since 1973. The club's colours are yellow and green. Paços de Ferreira is one of the historic teams in Portuguese football, having been in the portuguese Primeira Liga for 20 seasons. They have won three Segunda Liga titles (now LigaPro), and in 2007 they qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time. In the 2012–13 Primeira Liga, the team finished third and qualified for the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League play-offs for the first time in their history. They were also runners-up of the 2008-09 Portuguese Cup, the 2009 Portuguese Supercup and the 2010-11 Portuguese League Cup. The origin of the club dates back to the 1930s, when it was named Sport Club Pacense. They played for two decades without any official recognition until they entered the lower divisions in 1950, under the name Futebol Clube Vasco da Gama. The club then changed their kit colours to the current ones and renamed themselves Futebol Clube Paços de Ferreira. Their first match under the current name came on 19 November 1950, beating Lousada 2–1. Agostinho Alves was the first goal scorer in the history of the "Pacenses". The club then played in Portugal's third regional division until the 1956–57 season, where they were crowned champions. The club crest was created in 1961–62, and was used ever since. The club was relegated and then promoted again and supporters hit the streets of the city on 17 June 1973 when they defeated Perosinho 3–0. One year later, they won the third division championship on 14 June 1974, after defeating Estrela de Portalegre. The hero of the match was the goalscorer Mascarenhas. After establishing themselves in the first division during the 1990s, and suffering a relegation in 2003–04, the club finished sixth in the first division in 2006–07, thus qualifying for the UEFA Cup, their first ever European competition, under manager José Mota. They lost 1–0 on aggregate to AZ of the Netherlands in the first round. Having finished last in the league in 2007–08, Paços would have normally been relegated to the second level, but was readmitted after Boavista's confirmed irregularities. In the following year, already without manager Mota, the team had a reasonably successful season: a comfortable tenth place in the league and a second Europa League qualification spot after losing the Taça de Portugal final 1–0 to eventual league champions Porto on 31 May. The two clubs met again on 9 August in the Super Cup, which Porto won 2–0. Paços entered the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League in the second qualifying round, where they defeated Zimbru Chișinău of Moldova before being eliminated by Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv of Israel in the third qualifying round. In the 2012–13 season, they surprisingly qualified for the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League play-offs for the first time in their history after achieving third place in the league by passing favourites Braga and Sporting CP, making it their highest finish ever. The club were managed that season by Paulo Fonseca, who left at the end to join Porto, and was replaced by Costinha. Costinha's side were drawn against Russians Zenit Saint Petersburg in their play-off and lost the two matches. Due to bad results and the last place in the Primeira Liga, in October 2013, Henrique Calisto replaced Costinha. Club ranking eligible for 2012–13 The supporters' club, "Ultras Yellow Boys," was founded in 1996, returning afterwards in 2001. Two previous groups, however extinct, existed: ""Febre Amarela"" and "Yellowmania". </doc> <doc id="2342691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342691" title="Savage Garden (Savage Garden album)"> Savage Garden (Savage Garden album) Savage Garden is the eponymous debut album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It was released on 4 March 1997 in Australia by Columbia Records and Roadshow Music. It won the 1998 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album. The album sold more than 12 million copies worldwide, according to Billboard Magazine. According to rock music historian, Ian McFarlane, the album "revealed the influence of 1980s UK pop on Hayes and Jones' songwriting. Tears for Fears melodies blended seamlessly with Eurythmics-like arrangements, while Cure-styled guitar provided the icing on the cake". The band had formed in June 1994, and included multi-instrumentalist and producer, Daniel Jones and vocalist, Darren Hayes. In 1995, they entered the studio to work on their debut album with producer, Charles Fisher (Air Supply, Moving Pictures, 1927). After the success of "I Want You", a deal was struck with Columbia Records. The record label's executives sent Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones to Sydney for 8 months, tasking them with writing material. It was there that they would come up with most of the songs for their debut album, including "Truly Madly Deeply", for which Darren Hayes wrote the chorus while dining out in Kings Cross. In March 1997, the duo's self-titled debut album, "Savage Garden", entered the Australian charts at No. 1 and peaked there for a total of 19 weeks. The album was released internationally two weeks later. The album reached No. 3 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by RIAA. In September, Savage Garden won a record ten ARIA Awards from 13 nominations for the album and associated singles. As of 2005, "Savage Garden" had been certified diamond in Canada, 12× platinum in Australia, 7× platinum in the US, 2× platinum in New Zealand, Singapore, and in the UK. The album's track listing varies depending on territory. The original Australian version of the album includes the tracks "Mine" and "All Around Me", which were removed from the international track listing. "Mine" was removed due to concerns held by the record company over the line "crosses and crucifixes", and "All Around Me" was removed for being overtly sexual. The international version adds the track "Promises", as in international markets, it was only originally released on the cassette format of "I Want You", whereas in Australia, it was already available on CD as the B-side to "Truly Madly Deeply". Also, the version of "Truly Madly Deeply" on the international version has a new drum track, compared to the original Australian version, which has drum machine. Thus, this became the hit single version released outside Australia. The track order was also changed to give prominence to the three hit singles, which open the album. The Japanese version of the album uses the international track listing, however, includes "Mine" as a bonus track between "Promises" and "Santa Monica". In support of the group's Asian tour in 1998, a special double-album package was released in the region. The first disc features the international version of the album, and the second disc includes B-sides, remixes and rare tracks. Darren Hayes has noted that the international track listing was not what the band wanted (particularly because Mine was one of his favorite tracks, and because the band had laboured over the track order), but the US record label insisted. An arrangement of "A Thousand Words" was later used as introductory music in Microsoft's Windows XP. This album fetched the duo a record of 10 awards at the ARIA Awards 1997, grabbing Best Album, Best Single, Best Group, Song of the Year, Best Debut Album, Best Independent Release, Best Pop Release and Highest Selling Single award—the most awards ever won by a single act in one year. The following year at the ARIA Awards 1998, the album won two more awards—Highest Selling Album award and Outstanding Achievement Award. In October 2010, "Savage Garden" was listed in the top 40 in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums". </doc> <doc id="2342697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342697" title="You Alone (Solo Tu)"> You Alone (Solo Tu) "You Alone (Solo Tu)" is a popular song. The music was written by Robert Allen, the lyrics by Al Stillman. The song was published in 1953. The best-known recordings were made by Perry Como, who recorded the song twice, in 1953 and in 1961. The first recording, made on August 19, 1953, was released in the United States by RCA Victor with catalog number 20-5447-B (78 rpm) and 47-5447-B (45 rpm), with the flip side "Pa-Paya Mama", and reached #9 on the Billboard charts. In the United Kingdom, it was issued by HMV, as a 78rpm single (catalog number B-10624) in January, 1954 (with the flip side "Surprisin'"). The later recording, made May 17, 1961, was issued as a track on the 1961 album "Sing to Me Mr. C". (RCA Victor catalog number LSP-2390 ) </doc> <doc id="2342700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342700" title="Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans"> Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans, KG KB (6 April 1696 – 27 July 1751) was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1718 until 1726 when he succeeded to a peerage as Duke of St Albans.. Beauclerk was the son of Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, and his wife Diana Beauclerk, Duchess of St Albans. His paternal grandparents were Charles II of England and Nell Gwynne. He was styled Earl of Burford until 1726. He was educated at Eton College from 1706 and matriculated at New College, Oxford on 24 April 1714. From 1716 to 1717 he undertook a Grand Tour in Italy. On 13 December 1722, he married Lucy Werden the eldest daughter and coheir of Sir John Werden, 2nd Baronet. Beauclerke was returned as Member of Parliament for Bodmin at a by-election on 26 February 1718. At the 1722 general election he was returned as MP for Windsor. He sat until 1726 when on the death of his father he succeeded to the peerage and vacated his seat in the House of Commons. He was appointed master of the hawks in 1726 and held office until his death. He was Lord Lieutenant of Berkshire from 1727 to his death. In 1730 he was appointed Constable and governor of Windsor castle and Warden of Windsor forest. He was appointed Lord of the bedchamber in 1738 and held the position until his death. He was High steward of Windsor. Beauclerk died in 1751, aged 55 in London and was interred in Westminster Abbey. He and his wife had two children: By his mistress and first-cousin Renee Lennox (1709–1774), illegitimate daughter of Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond and his mistress Jacqueline de Mezieres he had a daughter. And by his mistress Marie-Françoise de la Rochefoucauld, daughter of Casimir-Jean Charles, lord of Fontpastour and Chey he had a daughter. </doc> <doc id="2342709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342709" title="Legendary creatures of the Argentine Northwest region"> Legendary creatures of the Argentine Northwest region The Argentine Northwest region (NOA) is composed of the territory of the Argentinian provinces of Tucumán, Salta, and Catamarca. The region's center is in the area of Santiago del Estero. During the NOA's aboriginal period, the various communities within the area shared a complex culture that was further enriched by constant contacts and exchanges with the Tawantinsuyu or Inca empire, which was part. From this early culture numerous myths and legends arose. Two well known Argentine writers, Ricardo Rojas and Julio Carreras, have written works on these myths. Ricardo Rojas major work on this subject is entitled "The Country of the Forest" ("El País de la Selva"). Carreras' book on this subject is entitled "The Bad Love" ("El Malamor"). Father of the Forest. Sacháyoj was a supernatural, aged being with extremely long, white hair that covered his whole body. He always carried a long cane in one of his hands. He was the guardian of the forest. When natives felled a tree without need, he would punish them by making the tree disappear forever. Mother of the Hill. Orco Mamman was a beautiful woman who was the guardian of the gold, the silver, and all the metals that lie deep in the mountains. She would often brush her long hair with a golden comb. When metals were excavated in an excessive way, causing damage to the mountains, Orco Mamman would punish the miners. She would push metal-laden caravans, that were returning from the top of the hills, into deep abysses. Mother of the River. She was a fair-haired woman, who traversed the waters of Mishky Mayu, (Sweet River), in a canoe. She took care of the fish of the river. If fish were being caught excessively, this woman would throw curses on the fishermen, making their canoes sink. If a woman had improper relations with one of the relatives of Almamula, he would punish that woman by transforming her into a series of different forms. First, the woman was transformed in a bogey that would stroll about in the night, seducing, murdering, and devouring any men that she encountered who were alone. Later, Almamula would transform the woman into a mule. The woman, in mule form, would be forced to drag chains during nights on which there were thunderstorms. Finally, Almamula would turn the unfortunate woman into a gigantic black dog with teeth of fire. Manchachicoj was a small, deformed being that was, nevertheless, seductive, elegant, and romantic. Manchachicoj was the son of a demon and a terrestrial witch. He lived in the Salamanca region. He was a tragic figure, who was fated to constantly seek out an impossible love with a nice, young human. </doc> <doc id="2342714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342714" title="New Town Hall, Ostrava"> New Town Hall, Ostrava The New Town Hall of Ostrava is the largest town hall complex in the Czech Republic. It is located on the left bank of the River Ostravice, on Prokešovo náměstí. </doc> <doc id="2342722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342722" title="Johann Bernhard Staudt"> Johann Bernhard Staudt Johann Bernhard Staudt (October 23, 1654 November 6, 1712) was an Austrian Jesuit composer. Staudt was born in Vienna. His best-known work is the 1685 chamber opera "Patientis Christi Memoria ("Memory of the Suffering of Christ")", which takes place at Jesus' tomb before the Resurrection. The work had lain unperformed for over three centuries when it was revived by Boston College in 2003 after being discovered in the National Library of Austria. </doc> <doc id="2342723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342723" title="George Beauclerk, 3rd Duke of St Albans"> George Beauclerk, 3rd Duke of St Albans George Beauclerk, 3rd Duke of St Albans (25 June 1730 – 1 February 1786) was a son of Charles Beauclerk, 2nd Duke of St Albans and his wife Lucy Werden. His grandfather, Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by his mistress Nell Gwynne. George Beauclerk married Jane Roberts, daughter of Sir Walter Roberts, 6th Baronet of Glassenbury (1691–1745) and his wife Elizabeth Slaughter, only daughter and heiress of William Slaughter, of Rochester, county Kent. Jane Roberts died on 16 December 1778 without issue. On George Beauclerk's death in 1786, his titles passed to his cousin, George Beauclerk. He was High Steward of Windsor in 1751, a Lord of the Bedchamber in the same year, and Lord Lieutenant of Berkshire from 1751–60 and again from 1771-86. He died in Brussels. </doc> <doc id="2342731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342731" title="Walther von Seydlitz-Kurzbach"> Walther von Seydlitz-Kurzbach Walther Kurt von Seydlitz-Kurzbach (22 August 1888 – 28 April 1976) was a general in the German Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. Seydlitz-Kurzbach was relieved of his command in early 1943 and then abandoned the German army lines under German fire to surrender to the Red Army. He became a Soviet collaborator while a prisoner of war. After the war he was convicted by the Soviet Union of war crimes. In 1996 he was posthumously pardoned by Russia. Seydlitz-Kurzbach was born in Hamburg, Germany, into the noble Prussian Seydlitz family. During World War I he served on both fronts as an officer. During the Weimar Republic he remained a professional officer in the Reichswehr; from 1940-42 he commanded the 12th Infantry Division of the German Army. When the division was encircled in the Demyansk Pocket, Seydlitz was responsible for breaking the Soviet cordon and enabling German units to escape from encirclement; for this action he was promoted to General of the Artillery and appointed commander of the LI Corps. The corps was subordinated to the Sixth Army during the Battle of Stalingrad. When the entire army was trapped in the city in the course of the Soviet Operation Uranus, Seydlitz was one of the generals who argued most forcefully in favor of a breakout or a surrender, in contravention of Hitler’s orders. On 25 January 1943 he told his subordinate officers that they were free to decide for themselves on whether to surrender. Paulus immediately relieved him of command of his three divisions (the 100th, 71st and 295th Infantry Divisions). A few days later Seydlitz fled the German lines under fire from his own side with a group of other officers. He was taken into Soviet custody, where he was interrogated by Capt. Nikolay Dyatlenko. He was identified by the interrogations as a potential collaborator. In August 1943 he was taken with two other generals to a political re-education center at Lunovo. A month later he was sent back to prisoner of war camps to recruit other German officers. Seydlitz was a leader in the forming, under Soviet supervision, of an anti-Nazi organization, the League of German Officers, and was made a member of the National Committee for a Free Germany. He was condemned by many of his fellow generals for his collaboration with the Soviet Union. He was sentenced to death "in absentia" by Hitler's government. His idea of creating an anti-Nazi force of some 40,000 German POWs to be airlifted into Germany was never seriously considered, while in Germany his family was taken into "Sippenhaft", detention for the crimes of a family member. Seydlitz was ultimately exploited by both Soviet and German propaganda: he was used by the former in broadcasts and literature to encourage German soldiers to surrender, while the latter cultivated the idea of "Seydlitz troops" (). His role in Soviet propaganda was largely equivalent to that of Andrey Vlasov in Nazi propaganda. In 1949 he was charged with war crimes. He was put on trial for responsibility for actions against Soviet POWs and the civilian population while in Wehrmacht service. In 1950 a Soviet tribunal sentenced him to 25 years’ imprisonment, but in 1955 he was released to West Germany, where in 1956 his Third Reich death sentence was nullified. Seydlitz died on 28 April 1976 in Bremen. On 23 April 1996 a posthumous pardon was issued by Russian authorities. </doc> <doc id="2342739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342739" title="James Gaines"> James Gaines James Gaines, birth name James Larry M. Gaines Jr., is an African-American-Filipino character actor, writer and director with dual nationality, born on May 18, 1955, in Maui, Hawaii. He was sometimes also credited as Jaimes Gaines, Jim Gaines, and James Gainers. He acted mainly in low-budget action films in the Philippines during the 1980s, many of which were produced by K.Y. Lim's Silver Star Film Company (called Kinavesa in the Philippines), and directed by Teddy Page or John Gale. Next to Mike Monty, with whom he appeared in several films together, Gaines was one of the most prolific actors in Filipino B-movies. He also appeared in some Italian and American productions shot in the archipelago. Gaines acted in numerous movies with fellow Filipino exploitation veterans Romano Kristoff, Bruce Baron, Mike Cohen, Ken Watanabe (not to be confused with the other, more famous Ken Watanabe), Ann Milhench, Gwendolyn Hung, and Ronnie Patterson. Gaines also appeared in all of the films Richard Harrison made for Silver Star: As Digger the informer in "Fireback", as Tom in "Hunter's Crossing", as a gangster in "Blood Debts" (1983), and as Greene, one of the heroic mercenaries led by Harrison in "Intrusion Cambodia" (1984). Characterized by very low production values and often seemingly improvised narratives, the Silver Star films have since become minor cult films in Z-movie fandom. Arguably the most well-known movies Gaines appeared in were "The Last Hunter" (starring David Warbeck, Tisa Farrow, Tony King and John Steiner) (1980) for director Antonio Margheriti, "Robowar" (starring Reb Brown, Catherine Hickland, John P. Dulaney, Max Laurel and Mel Davidson) (1988) for director Bruno Mattei and brief parts in "American Ninja" (starring Michael Dudikoff and Steve James) (1985) for director Sam Firstenberg and "Enter The Ninja" (starring Franco Nero, Susan George, Christopher George and Sho Kosugi) (1981) for director Menahem Golan. Gaines also co-wrote the script for "Black Fire" (1985) and wrote "War Without End" (1987), both directed by Teddy Page, and probably had other writing credits under different pseudonyms. As the Filipino film industry dwindled in the early 1990s, James Gaines slowed down his film work and is now semi-retired as an actor. Gaines now mostly work behind the camera as director and producer. Gaines co-directed with Teddy Page "Phantom Soldiers" (1986), "Matira ang Matibay" with Page and Phillip Kho, directed "Joe Reyes" (starring Roi Vinzon) in 1996. His first directorial debut "Secrets of King Maji's Treasure" (starring Gary Daniels), a film shot in the mid-1980s, and had other directing credits under different pseudonyms. His latest work as writer and director is "Mundo" which he also co-produced (2007). His most recent film appearances were in 2007, in "Zombi: La Creazione" directed by Bruno Mattei, and "Vengeance of Cleopatra Wong", directed by Bobby A. Suarez. Gaines was also interviewed in the 2007 documentary "The Search for Weng Weng". Gaines is also mentioned briefly by Richard Harrison, Sebastian Harrison and John P. Dulaney in the books "Gods in Polyester, Or, A Survivors' Account of 70's Cinema Obscura" (2004/Succubus Press) and "Gods in Spandex, Or, A Survivors' Account of 80's Cinema Obscura" (2004/Succubus Press). </doc> <doc id="2342740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342740" title="Wildflower (disambiguation)"> Wildflower (disambiguation) A wildflower is a flower that grows wild. Wildflower or Wildflowers may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342742" title="Silvaner"> Silvaner Sylvaner or Silvaner is a variety of white wine grape grown primarily in Alsace and Germany, where its official name is Grüner Silvaner. While the Alsatian versions have primarily been considered simpler wines, it was recently (2006) included among the varieties that can be used to produce Alsace Grand Cru wine together with the four 'noble grapes' of Alsace, although only in one vineyard, Zotzenberg. This dichotomy is explained by the vigour of the Sylvaner vine and the grape's neutral flavour, which can lead to blandness unless yields are controlled. On the other hand, it gives a blank canvas for the expression of terroir, and on good sites with skilled winemaking, Sylvaner can produce elegant wines. It has high acidity but naturally reaches high must weights, so is often blended with other varieties such as Riesling or Elbling, and is sometimes made into a dessert wine. Sylvaner is an ancient variety that has long been grown in Central Europe, in Transylvania. In Germany it is best known as a component of Liebfraumilch and production boomed in the 1970s to the detriment of quality, but it has long enjoyed a better reputation in Franconia than in other German wine regions.DNA fingerprinting has revealed it to be a cross between Traminer and the "hunnic" variety Österreichisch-Weiß (meaning "Austrian White"). As a result, it is now thought to have originated in Austrian Empire (Transylvania). It is thought that the grape came to Germany after the Thirty Years War as there is a record of Sylvaner from Austria being planted at County of Castell in Franconia on 5 April 1659. So Germany celebrated the 350 anniversary of Silvaner in 2009. Its name has been taken to be associated with either Latin "silva" (meaning woods) or "saevum" (meaning wild), and before modern ampelography it was sometimes assumed that this variety had a close relationship with wild vines. Before DNA typing, some assumed an origin in Transylvania based on its name. A lot of Sylvaner was planted in Germany and Alsace after the Second World War, reaching 30% and 25% respectively of total vineyard area in the 1960s - 1970s. It was Germany's most grown variety until it was overtaken by Müller-Thurgau around 1970. Much of the German crop was blended into Liebfraumilch, but overproduction ruined its reputation, and changing tastes led to many vines being grubbed up. However, in Franconia, where Liebfraumilch may not be produced and which primarily stuck to dry white wines in the decades when most other German regions produced semi-sweet wines, Silvaner has kept its popularity. Single-variety semi-sweet Silvaner, which used to be common, has all but disappeared from the German wine production. More recently there has been a revival in Alsace based on low yields from good vineyard sites, with formal recognition in 2006 as Zotzenburg Sylvaner became the first to be designated an Alsace Grand Cru. In the 1970s Brown Brothers experimented with "Syilvaner" in northeastern Victoria, but nothing seems to have come of it. There are just of Sylvaner in its land of origin, a victim of the trend in Austrian wine towards drier styles. Sylvaner ("silvanac zeleni" in Croatian) is grown in Eastern Croatia, in the regions of Slavonija and Srijem, as well as in other regions. In recent years high-quality semi-dry Silvanac zeleni from Orahovica has become one of Croatia's more popular whites. Sylvaner has a controversial place in Alsace wine. Since 2006, it may be used in Alsace Grand Cru, which was previously reserved for the four "noble grapes" Gewürztraminer, Muscat, Pinot gris and Riesling, but only in the Zotzenberg vineyard, which together with Altenberg de Bergheim and Kaefferkopf were allowed to produce mixed variety wines as Alsace Grand Cru. Zotzenberg Grand Cru wines may consist of Gewürztraminer, Pinot gris, Riesling and Sylvaner in any combination. It is therefore possible to produce a varietally pure "Sylvaner Grand Cru" from this vineyard, but it may not be labelled so, only "Zotzenberg". Even after this, Jean Trimbach's view was that "This Sylvaner grand cru is only possible in Zotzenberg, it is a recognition of the terroir, but we should stop there." As in Germany, Sylvaner has been falling in popularity since the 1970s, declining from 25% of Alsace vineyards to 10% in that time. First recorded at Castell in 1659, Silvaner (with an 'i') reached a peak in the 1960s-1970s, with 30% of German vineyards. However overproduction during the Liebfraumilch years ruined its reputation, and it has since retreated to its stronghold in Franconia (Frankenland) (1,425 ha), where on the best chalky Muschelkalk terroir it can produce wines that can compete with the best German white wines which usually are made out of the Riesling grape. These powerful wines are considered food-friendly and are often described as having an "earthy" palate. Under VDP Erste Lage/Grosses Gewächs rules, Silvaner may be used for Grosses Gewächs wines (top-end dry wines), but only in Franconia and Saale-Unstrut and not in any of the other 11 German wine regions. Silvaner is also grown in Rheinhessen (2,486 ha) and Palatinate, and is sometimes also made into dessert wine. Currently there are in Germany, just 5% of the total area under vine. The official name of the variety in Germany is "Grüner Silvaner", spelled with an "i" in difference from Alsace and its homeland of Austria. The Silvaner is usually not matured in barrique barrels. This because the fine and fruity body of the Silvaner would be overwhelmed by the oak taste. In Transylvania, presumed to be the homeland of Silvaner, two varieties of this grape are grown: the Sylvaner roz (rosé) and the Sylvaner Verde B (Grüner Silvaner, Silvaner) in wineyards as Jidvei (Tarnava)and Nachbil ( Dealurile Sătmarului - Satu Mare) Silvaner is traditionally grown in the Limbach village in Slovakia, that is famous for its varietal Silvaner wines, and in its surroundings. Some is grown in Switzerland, where it is known as Johannisberger or Sylvaner with an "y". In 1858, Emil Dresel brought the first Sylvaner cuttings to America and planted them on what is now the Scribe Estate in Sonoma County. In his honor, Scribe Winery planted one acre in 2007. It has been grown for many years at Rancho Sisquoc Winery in the Santa Maria Valley of California. Otherwise, Sylvaner has more or less disappeared from California, where it was known as Sylvaner Riesling, Franken Riesling, Monterey Riesling, and Sonoma Riesling. Oregon does have some Sylvaner at David Hill Vineyards in Forest Grove. The vine is vigorous and productive, with three-lobed leaves. The bunches are small and cylindrical, with medium green berries that ripen quickly. In 1940, Silvaner was crossed with Chasselas to produce the white grape variety Nobling. Silvaner is also known under the following synonyms: Arvine, Arvine Grande, Augustiner Weiss, Beregi Szilvani, Boetzinger, Clozier, Cynifadl Zeleny, Cynifal, Fliegentraube, Frankenriesling, Frankentraube, Fueszeres Szilvani, Gamay blanc, GentilvVert, Gros Rhin, Gros-rhin, Gruen Silvaner, Gruenedel, Gruenfraenkisch, Grün Silvaner, Haeusler Schwarz, Johannisberger, Mishka, Momavaka, Monterey Riesling, Moravka, Movavka, Muschka, Mushza, Musza, Nemetskii Rizling, Oesterreicher, Oestreicher, Pepltraube, Picardon blanc, Picardou blanc, Plant Du Rhin, Rhin, Rundblatt, Salfin, Salfine Bely, Salvaner, Salviner, Scharvaner, Scherwaner, Schoenfeilner, Schwaebler, Schwuebler, Sedmogradka, Sedmogradska Zelena, Selenzhiz, Selivan, Silvanske Zelene, Sonoma Riesling, Sylvan Zeleny, Sylvaner, Sylvaner verde, Szilvani Feher, Tschafahnler, Yesil Silvaner, Zelencic, Zeleny, Zierfandler, Zierifandel, Zinifal, Zoeld Szilvani, Zoeldsilvani, Syilvaner, Siylvaner, Sylvaner vert, Grüner Sylvaner, Grünfraenkisch, Franken Riesling and Grüner Silvaner. </doc> <doc id="2342749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342749" title="Kanamycin A"> Kanamycin A Kanamycin A, often referred to simply as kanamycin, is an antibiotic used to treat severe bacterial infections and tuberculosis. It is not a first line treatment. It is used by mouth, injection into a vein, or injection into a muscle. Kanamycin is recommended for short-term use only, usually from 7 to 10 days. As with most antibiotics, it is ineffective in viral infections. Common side effects include hearing and balance problems. Kidney problems may also occur. Kanamycin is not recommended during pregnancy as it may harm the baby. It is likely safe during breastfeeding. Kanamycin is in the aminoglycoside family of medications. It works by blocking the production of proteins that are required for bacterial survival. Kanamycin was first isolated in 1957 by Hamao Umezawa from the bacterium "Streptomyces kanamyceticus". It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system. The wholesale cost in the developing world is 0.85 to 1.52 USD per dose as of 2014. It is no longer commercially available in the United States. Kanamycin is indicated for short term treatment of bacterial infections caused by one or more of the following pathogens: "E. coli", "Proteus" species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), "Enterobacter aerogenes", "Klebsiella pneumoniae", "Serratia marcescens", and "Acinetobacter" species. In cases of serious infection when the causative organism is unknown, Kanamycin injection in conjunction with a penicillin- or cephalosporin-type drug may be given initially before obtaining results of susceptibility testing. Kanamycin does not treat viral infections. Kanamycin is pregnancy category D in the United States. Kanamycin enters breast milk in small amounts. The manufacturer therefore advises that people should either stop breastfeeding or kanamycin. The American Academy of Pediatrics considers kanamycin okay in breastfeeding. Kanamycin should be used with caution in newborns due to the risk of increased drug concentration resulting from immature kidney function. Serious side effects include ringing in the ears or loss of hearing, toxicity to kidneys, and allergic reactions to the drug. Other side effects include: Gastrointestinal effects Musculoskeletal effects Neurologic effects Metabolic effects Kanamycin interacts with the 30S subunit of prokaryotic ribosomes. It gives rise to substantial amounts of mistranslation and indirectly inhibits translocation during protein synthesis. Kanamycin works by interfering with protein synthesis. It binds to the 30S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This results in incorrect alignment with the mRNA and eventually leads to a misread that causes the wrong amino acid to be placed into the peptide. This leads to nonfunctional peptide chains. Kanamycin is a mixture of three main components: kanamycin A, B, and C. Kanamycin A is the major component in kanamycin. The effects of these components do not appear to be widely studied as individual compounds when used against prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. While the main product produced by "Streptomyces kanamyceticus" is kanamycin A, additional products are also produced, including kanamycin B, kanamycin C, kanamycin D and kanamycin X. The kanamycin biosynthetic pathway can be divided into two parts. The first part is common to several aminoglycoside antibiotics, such as butirosin and neomycin. In it a unique aminocyclitol, 2-deoxystreptamine, is biosynthesized from -glucopyranose 6-phosphate in four steps. At this point the kanamycin pathway splits into two branches due to the promiscuity of the next enzyme, which can utilize two different glycosyl donors - UDP-N-acetyl-α--glucosamine and UDP-α--glucose. One of the branches forms kanamycin C and kanamycin B, while the other branch forms kanamycin D and kanamycin X. However, both kanamycin B and kanamycin D can be converted to kanamycin A, so both branches of the pathway converge at kanamycin A. Kanamycin is used in molecular biology as a selective agent most commonly to isolate bacteria (e.g., "E. coli") which have taken up genes (e.g., of plasmids) coupled to a gene coding for kanamycin resistance (primarily Neomycin phosphotransferase II [NPT II/Neo]). Bacteria that have been transformed with a plasmid containing the kanamycin resistance gene are plated on kanamycin (50-100 ug/ml) containing agar plates or are grown in media containing kanamycin (50-100 ug/ml). Only the bacteria that have successfully taken up the kanamycin resistance gene become resistant and will grow under these conditions. As a powder, kanamycin is white to off-white and is soluble in water (50 mg/ml). At least one such gene, "Atwbc19" is native to a plant species, of comparatively large size and its coded protein acts in a manner which decreases the possibility of horizontal gene transfer from the plant to bacteria; it may be incapable of giving resistance to bacteria even if gene transfer occurs. The selection marker kanMX is a hybrid gene consisting of a bacterial aminoglycoside phosphotransferase (kan from transposon Tn903) under control of the strong TEF promoter from "Ashbya gossypii". Mammalian cells, yeast, and other eukaryotes acquire resistance to geneticin (= G418, an aminoglycoside antibiotic similar to kanamycin) when transformed with a kanMX marker. In yeast, the kanMX marker avoids the requirement of auxotrophic markers. In addition, the kanMX marker renders "E. coli" resistant to kanamycin. In shuttle vectors the KanMX cassette is used with an additional bacterial promoter. Several versions of the kanMX cassette are in use, e.g. kanMX1-kanMX6. They primarily differ by additional restriction sites and other small changes around the actual open reading frame. </doc> <doc id="2342752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342752" title="Border Guards Bangladesh"> Border Guards Bangladesh The Border Guards Bangladesh (Bengali transliteration: বর্ডার গার্ড বাংলাদেশ; translated from English: বাংলাদেশ সীমান্ত রক্ষক; "BGB"), formerly known as the Bangladesh Rifles, is the oldest uniformed force in Bangladesh. It is a paramilitary force under the Ministry of Home Affairs. BGB is primarily responsible for the border security of the country, in Bangladesh the force is known as "The Vigilant Sentinels of the National Frontier". The Present Director General is Maj. Gen. Shafeenul Islam. Border Guards Bangladesh, as a paramilitary force, is entrusted with the responsibility to defend the border of Bangladesh. BGB boasts a military history spanning over two centuries. During peacetime this force is also responsible for anti-smuggling operations, investigating cross border crime and extending governmental authority to remote and isolated areas. From time to time BGB has also been called upon to assist the administration in the maintenance of internal law & order, relief and rehabilitation work after any kind of natural disaster. During wartime BGB comes under the control of the Ministry of Defence as an auxiliary force to the Bangladesh Army. The Ramgarh Local Battalion was established on 29 June 1795 at the city of Ramgarh, consisting of 486 personnel, as the "Frontier Protection Force", under the command of the East India Company. Later the force was converted into a paramilitary unit with its own name (Ramgarh Local Battalion) and uniform. At that time its primary responsibility was to suppress insurgent activities around the Ramgarh area. During 1799, the force established its first camp at Pilkhana, where the headquarters remain to this day. The camp unit then was known as "Special Reserve Company". The Ramgarh Local Battalion was renamed as the "Frontier Guards" and remained so for thirty years from 1861 to 1891. From 1891 till 1920, the Frontier Guards were re-organized and re-equipped with modern weapons and renamed once again as the "Bengal Military Police". Commanded by a Subedar (Senior Warrant Officer), the BMP had four companies located in Dhaka, Dhumka and Gangtok. This force also participated in the First World War. The BMP was reorganised yet once again and renamed as the "Eastern Frontier Rifles" in 1920. Its primary task was to protect the borders. It also took part in numerous military operations during the Second World War. After the partition of India, "Eastern Frontier Rifles" was re-grouped and renamed as the "East Pakistan Rifles" in 1947. It was the primary border protection force of the then East Pakistan. A number of Metropolitan Armed Police of Calcutta and some 1,000 ex-soldiers of West Pakistan merged into this force. Officers from the army were transferred to command and reorganise EPR. In 1958, it was also assigned the anti-smuggling duties on top of its primary role as the border guards. Major Tufail Mohammad was awarded the highest military award of Pakistan, 'Nishan-e-Haider', for his action in the Laksmipur Operation.. In 1965 India Pakistan war this force fought valiantly and successfully in a number of skirmishes in Lathitila, Dohogram, Laksmipur, Assalong and Boroibari. During the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971 nearly nine thousand of the members of the East Pakistan Rifles (EPR) turned against the Pakistan Army, following the Declaration of Independence of Bangladesh on 26 March 1971 at Kalurghat Radio Station, Chittagong. Eight hundred and seventeen EPR personnel were subsequently reported as being killed in action. East Pakistan Rifles was the border security and anti-smuggling force stationed in what was to become independent Bangladesh. It was commanded by Junior Commissioned Officers (JCO) at the company level. All EPR companies were based within 5 miles of the international boundary. There were two senior commissioned officers, seconded from the Pakistan Army in command of each Wing (battalion) of the EPR. In March 1971, there were 12 EPR Wings. The entire force according to CIA estimates had 10 thousand enlisted personal. At the outbreak of Bangladesh Liberation war the EPR were the first Bengali military unit to defect from the Pakistan forces; moving to Sholashahar and the main military cantonment, while calling on all Bengali soldiers to join them. Reportedly West Pakistani officers serving with the EPR were executed by their Bengali colleagues. On 26 March, the Pakistan Army sent troops to suppress the EPR. The EPR ambushed them but the Pakistanis managed to encircle them. As a result, the EPR took heavy losses at Kumira. According to Captain Rafiq, "This ambush by the E.P.R. troops at Kumira was the first direct action against the enemy in the history of our liberation war." On 29 January 1972, the East Pakistan Rifles was renamed the Bangladesh Rifles with the officers seconded from Bangladesh Army. Bangladesh Rifles initially had 9 thousand personal in 1971 which by 1973 had increased to 20 thousand. Bangladesh Rifles and Indian Border Security Forces exchanged fired near the Comilla-Tripura border throughout the entire month of December 1979. In 1996 Bangladesh Rifles personal had grown to 69 thousand. The 2001 Indian–Bangladeshi border conflict took place in the third week of April 2001 between companies of the Bangladesh Rifles and the Indian Border Security Force on the poorly marked international border between the two countries. This was the worst border conflict Bangladesh was involved in since Independence. The 16–19 April fighting took place around the village of Padua (known as Pyrdiwah in India), which adjoins the Indian state of Meghalaya and the Timbil area of the Bangladesh border in the Sylhet district. In that area, 6.5 kilometres of the border have remained in dispute for the past 30 years. The trigger for the clash appears to have been an attempt by Indian forces to construct a footpath from an army outpost in Padua across a disputed territory some 300 metres wide to Indian Meghalaya. On 15 April 2001, the BDR attacked and captured Pyrdiwah village. Both sides later deescalated and returned to the original positions on the border. This incident left 16 Indian Border Security Force paramilitary men dead and 3 Border Guards Bangladesh men dead with 5 other BGB troops injured. On 25 February 2009, regular BDR soldiers mutinied against their officers who were seconded from the Bangladesh Army. The mutiny took when senior commanders were in Dhaka for convocation or durbar. A total of 74 people were killed in the Mutiny. Many senior officers were killed, including almost the entire higher echelon of the command structure – about 57 army officers who were present in the Bangladesh Rifles' headquarters in the capital Dhaka. These included the Director General of the BDR. The soldiers mutinied due to reasons which largely remain unknown, though resentment at officers being seconded from Bangladesh army and allegations of corruption are believed to have been among the causes. After 30 hours, being surrounded by Bangladesh Army tanks, the mutineers surrendered with about 6,000 of them taken under arrest, ending the mutiny. On November 2013, Bangladesh sentenced 152 mutineers from Bangladesh Rifles to death. In the aftermath of the mutiny, the Bangladesh Rifles was reorganised with new recruits. The force is still commanded by senior officers seconded from the Bangladesh Army. The Bangladesh Rifles have gone through some fundamental changes since 2010. It was officially renamed as the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) on 23 January 2011 and reorganised with fresh recruits. The BGB has a current strength of 50,000 organised into 61 battalions and largely located in numerous border outposts (B.O.P.). Administration staff and most of the officer corps are trained by and seconded from the Bangladesh Army. However, there are around 100 officers promoted from within the force itself. The border guards also formed their own intelligence unit. The Border Guard Bangladesh Act, 2010 increased the maximum punishment for mutiny from 7 years in jail to the death penalty. On 28 May 2014, during a routine patrol of the BGB in Bandarban District, along the Bangladesh-Myanmar border, Myanmar Border Police opened indiscriminate firing on the BGB patrol. The incident took the life of Border Guard Corporal Mizanur Rahman 43. The body of the slain soldier was then carried over the border by Myanmar Border Police. On 30 May upon request of the Myanmar Ambassador to Bangladesh a BGB team was waiting near border pillar no. 52 for identification of the dead body which was proposed by the Myanmar side. However, to the complete surprise of the BGB, Myanmar border forces suddenly started firing on the waiting BGB team without any provocation resulting in the BGB team returning fire. Both sides deescalated and agreed to a cease fire and on the following day Myanmar returned the dead body of BGB Corporal Mizanur Rahman. Bangladesh's Ministry of Foreign Affairs had protested strongly to the Burmese ambassador over the unprovoked eruption of gunfire by Burmese border troops. On 26 August 2015 the Arakan Army, A separatist group in Myanmar, attack a BGB patrol in Boro Modak, Thanchi, Bandarban. Two border guards were injured in the attack. On 11 May 2015 the BGB camp in Thanchi came under mortar fire, BGB retaliated by firing two rounds towards the border. Indian BSF agreed to allow BGB to use BSF roads in India to patrol the border on 1 August 2016. On 15 November 2016 Border Guards Bangladesh stopped 86 Rohingyas from entering Bangladesh on two boats. On 6 February 2017 BGB protested with their counterparts in Myanmar Border Guard Police, after they shot and killed a Bangladeshi fisherman in the Naf River. BGB deployed its first female border guards on 24 February 2017 in the Dinajpur border area. BGB and Myanmar Police Force came to an agreement on 6 April 2017 to remove mines from the border area. The then-"East Pakistan Rifles" joined the Bangladesh War of Independence on the side of Mukti Bahini in 1971. One hundred and forty one members earned gallantry awards for their outstanding contribution to the liberation war of Bangladesh. Naik Nur Mohammad Sheikh and Naik Munshi Abdur Rouf posthumously earned the Bir Sreshtha, which is the highest gallantry award of the nation. 8 earned the Bir Uttom. 40 earned the Bir Bikram and 91 earned the Bir Protik awards. After independence, on 3 March 1972 the force had been renamed as Bangladesh Rifles. As a mark of recognition for the courage and bravery of its members, BDR introduced 'Bangladesh Rifles Podok' in 1985 and President Rifles podok' in 1989. 21 members had received the 'Bangladesh Rifles Podok' 29 had received the 'President Rifles Podok'. The BGB is commanded by a Major General ranked Bangladesh Army officer. The BGB administration and most of the officer corps are trained and deputed from the Bangladesh Army. There are, however, around 100 officers who are promoted from within the force itself. They can be promoted as high as Deputy Director (Equivalent to Major in Bangladesh Army). Its current strength is 50,000 structured along 63 battalions and numerous border outposts (B.O.P.), mostly along the borders. BGB is organised into a central headquarters and 4 regional headquarters. Under the regional headquarters there are 16 sectors. BGB has adopted a long term modernization plan named "BGB Goal 2041" in 2017. The plan intends to make BGB a well-trained, well-equipped and technologically advanced force. In short terms, BGB plans for structural and manpower expansion. A new region (equivalent to division) will be raised in Ramu of Cox's Bazar. Three new sectors (equivalent to brigade) will be raised at Ali Kadam of Bandarban, Naogaon and Jessore. Eight new battalions will be formed at Jhikargacha of Jessore, Meherpur, Khagrachari, "Boro Mowdok" of Bandarban, Gazipur, Narayanganj and Kulaura of Maulavibazar. Two riverine battalions will be raised in BGB at "Nildumur" of Shatkhira and Teknaf of Cox's Bazar. They are the first two units of BGB who will be able to operate in riverine borders and "char"s (River island). The number of personnel will be increased from 50000 to 65000 soon. 124 "Border Out Posts (BOP)" and 70 heli-support BOPs are being set up in the border areas of hilly districts along the border with Myanmar. 128 "Border Sentri Posts (BSP)" are being constructed between the distant BOPs. BGB members ae being equipped with bulletproof vests and ballistic helmet. A "Quick Response Force (QRF)" will be established for BGB. The force will work to supply modern arms and ammunition swiftly to border points in case of any emerency. For smooth operation in the border areas, border roads are being constructed. In "BGB day 2017", prime minister said that the government has undertaken a plan to construct a total of 3,167 km ring road across the borders with India and Myanmar. BGB intends to go three dimnsional as per the plan. Bangladesh government has already approved the proposal for buying two Mi-171E helicopters from Russia at a cost of Tk. 355.10 crore. However, Bangladesh Air Force pilots will fly the helicopters initially. A heliport with hanger is being set up at "Baitul Izzat" in Chittagong. Eventually, BGB plans to have four aviation wings. To effectively monitor the border, BGB plans to add modern technology to the border management. The plan is to set up cameras, night vision goggles and infrared sensors throughout the border. BGB plans to achieve 3I (Information, Identification, Intervention) capabilities in the border in long term. Having Radar and Satellite monitoring facilities in the border are also planned. </doc> <doc id="2342753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342753" title="George Beauclerk, 4th Duke of St Albans"> George Beauclerk, 4th Duke of St Albans George Beauclerk, 4th Duke of St Albans (5 December 1758 – 10 February 1787) was the son of Lt.-Col. Charles Beauclerk and a great-grandson of Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans. He died in 1787, aged 28 in London, unmarried and childless, and his titles passed to his cousin, Aubrey Beauclerk. </doc> <doc id="2342760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342760" title="Mesopotamia, Argentina"> Mesopotamia, Argentina La Mesopotamia or Región Mesopotámica is the humid and verdant area of north-east Argentina, comprising the provinces of Misiones, Entre Ríos and Corrientes. The landscape and its characteristics are dominated by two rivers, the Paraná and the Uruguay. When Spanish settlers came to the area, the two parallel rivers and the lush area between them drew comparisons to Mesopotamia (Greek: Μεσοποταμία "land between rivers") in modern-day Iraq, and it was decided to name the Argentine region for the Iraqi region. The region shares many of its ecological features with neighboring regions of Argentina and with parts of Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Mesopotamia has some of the most popular tourist attractions in Argentina, mainly the Iguazú Falls, the Iguazú National Park and the Jesuit mission stations in Misiones. The Iberá Wetlands in Corrientes are an extensive area of flooded forest similar to Brazil's Pantanal. The region is part of the Brazilian central plateau. The whole region has high rainfall, particularly in August and September, up to 2,000 mm annually. Misiones, in the northern part of Mesopotamia, is largely covered by subtropical forest, with caiman, toucans and monkeys. Fast decomposition of organic matter gives the area a red soil with only a thin fertile layer that can easily be washed away. Corrientes is marshy and wooded, with low hills. Entre Ríos is covered with fertile pasture land stretching into Uruguay. The flora of Mesopotamia includes the yatay palm ("Syagrus yatay", "Butia yatay"), which is a protected species in the El Palmar National Park, and the "Araucaria angustifolia" (Paraná pine tree). Tree ferns, orchids and large trees can also be found. "Yerba mate" ("Ilex paraguariensis") is grown largely in Mesopotamia; 1,800 square kilometres of Misiones are devoted to its production. The region is also important for cattle and sheep, poultry, linseed, tobacco, citrus and rice. Gualeguaychú in Entre Ríos is popular for its carnival at the beginning of Lent. Corrientes is also known for its carnival celebrations and is a centre of music and festivals generally: the chamamé music style has recently seen a resurgence in popularity. The region called Litoral (Spanish for coastal) consists of the Mesopotamia and the provinces of Chaco, Formosa and Santa Fe. Mesopotamia has a subtropical climate with no dry season. Under the Köppen climate classification, it has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa"). The main features of the climate are high temperatures and abundant rainfall throughout the year. Rainfall is abundant throughout the year, because much of this region lies north of the subtropical high pressure belt, even in winter, meaning that it is exposed to moist easterly winds from the Atlantic Ocean throughout the year. With abundant precipitation throughout the year, water deficiencies and extended periods of droughts are uncommon and much of the region has a positive water balance. With the exception of Misiones Province which receives abundant precipitation throughout the year, precipitation is slightly higher in summer than in winter and generally decreases from east to west and from north to south. Average annual precipitation ranges from less than in the southern parts to approximately in the eastern parts of Misiones province. Summers (December–February) are one of the most humid seasons with an average precipitation of in these months although it can range from a low of to a high of . Most of the rainfall during summer falls during convective thunderstorms. Fall (March–May) is one of the rainiest seasons with many places receiving over . This can vary from a high of in Misiones province to less than . As in summer, much of the precipitation falls during convective thunderstorms. Winter (June–August) is the driest season with a mean precipitation of only . Mean winter precipitation ranges from less than in the west to over in the eastern parts. Unlike summer and spring where precipitation mainly falls from convective thunderstorms, most of the precipitation during winter comes from frontal systems, particularly the Sudestada which often bring long periods of precipitation, cloudiness, cooler temperatures and strong winds. Spring (September–November) is similar to fall, with a mean precipitation of . Summers are very hot, and owing to abundant rainfall very humid, while winters feature mild to warm weather. As a whole, the region has high temperatures throughout the year. The northern areas are warmer than the southern parts. In Misiones province, mean annual temperatures range between in Bernardo de Irigoyen to in Posadas. The lower mean annual temperature recorded in Bernardo de Irigoyen, despite being located further north than Posadas is due to its higher altitude, resulting in a cooler climate. In Corrientes Province, mean annual temperatures range from in Curuzú Cuatía in the south to . The southern parts of Corrientes province have cooler temperatures and have a climate more similar to Entre Ríos Province, where mean annual temperatures range from in the south to in the north. During heat waves, temperatures can exceed in the summer months while in the winter months, cold air masses from the south can push temperatures below freezing causing frost. However, such cold fronts tend to be brief and are less intense than areas further south or at higher altitudes. Snowfall is extremely rare and mainly confined to the uplands of Misiones province, where the last significant snowfall occurred in 1975 in Bernado de Irigoyen. </doc> <doc id="2342780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342780" title="Little Rann of Kutch"> Little Rann of Kutch Little desert of Kutch is a salt marsh which is part of Rann of Kutch in Kutch district, Gujarat, India. It is famous as the world's last refuge of the Indian wild ass (khur) for the conservation of which it has been declared as the Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary. Though a bleak landscape it is rich in biodiversity and is an ecologically important area for wildlife and many local and migratory waterbirds like cranes, ducks, pelicans, flamingos and land birds like sandgrouse, francolins and the Indian bustards.It is also home to various unique mammals apart from wild ass such as the Indian wolf ("Canis lupus pallipes"), desert fox ("Vulpes vulpes pusilla") and nilgai ("Boselaphus tragocamelus"). It is nominated by the forest department to be a biosphere reserve which are areas of terrestrial and coastal ecosystems internationally recognized within the framework of UNESCO's Man and Biosphere (MAB) programme. it will focus on conserving biological diversity, research, monitoring and providing sustainable development models, the proposal has been sent to and listed at UNESCO. There is traditional commercial salt panning activity in the region which the state of Gujarat's Forest Department wants to discourage as it is considered a threat to ecology of the region, wildlife and to the endangered Indian wild ass. The area is also being used to farm shrimp which is more profitable then salt panning, again this activity is discouraged by the forest department. Gujarat government is studying to dam the 1.26 km stretch of Hadakiya Creek of Rann of Kutch area so that impounded monsoon water is used for recreational and fisheries purposes. From the city of Bhuj various ecologically rich and wildlife conservation areas of the Kutch / Kachchh district can be visited such as Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary, Kutch Desert Wildlife Sanctuary, Narayan Sarovar Sanctuary, Kutch Bustard Sanctuary, Banni Grasslands Reserve and Chari-Dhand Wetland Conservation Reserve etc. </doc> <doc id="2342807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342807" title="West Banas River"> West Banas River The West Banas is a river of western India. It originates from the southern Aravalli Range, in Sirohi District of the state of Rajasthan. It flows south, draining the valley between Mount Abu on the west and the easterly ridge of the Aravallis on the east. It continues south through the plains of Gujarat state, flowing through Banaskantha and Patan districts to empty into Little Rann of Kutch seasonal wetland. </doc> <doc id="2342824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342824" title="Scott Brady"> Scott Brady Scott Brady (born Gerard Kenneth Tierney; September 13, 1924 – April 16, 1985) was an American film and television actor best known for his roles in western films and as a ubiquitous television presence. Gerard Kenneth Tierney was born in Brooklyn, New York to Lawrence and Maria Tierney; his father was an Irish American policeman who was chief of the New York aqueduct police force. His older and younger brothers were fellow actors Lawrence and Edward Tierney, respectively. Brady was reared in suburban Westchester County, New York. He was nicknamed "Jerry" in his youth. He attended Roosevelt and St. Michael's high schools where he lettered in basketball, football, and track. He aspired to become a football coach or a radio announcer but instead enlisted in the United States Navy before his graduation from high school. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy as a naval aviation mechanic overseas on the "USS Norton Sound". Discharged in 1946, Brady headed to Los Angeles, California. where his older brother Lawrence was already making some progress as an actor. First taking menial jobs as a cab driver and a lumberjack, Brady enrolled at the Bliss-Hayden drama school under his G.I. Bill of Rights. There he studied acting and took vocal training to eliminate his thick Brooklyn accent. Brady had two brushes with scandal. In 1957, he was arrested for narcotics possession, but charges were dropped and he always maintained that he was framed. In 1963, he was barred by the New York State Harness Racing Commission from participation in the sport due to his association with known bookmakers. Brady specialized in tough-guy roles in films like "He Walked by Night", "Canon City", and "Johnny Guitar", as the "Dancin' Kid". From 1953 to 1956, Brady appeared four times in different roles on the anthology series, "Lux Video Theatre". In 1955, he portrayed Ted Slater in "Man in the Ring" of NBC's anthology series, "The Loretta Young Show". From 1953 to 1956, he appeared five times on the NBC anthology series, "The Ford Television Theatre". In 1955 and 1957, Brady was twice cast on another anthology program, "Studio 57". Early in 1957, he was cast in "The Barbed Wire Preacher" of the religion anthology series, "Crossroads". On December 26, 1957, he played the frontier figure William Bent in the episode "Lone Woman" of CBS's anthology, "Playhouse 90", with Raymond Burr cast as his brother, Charles Bent. The plot involved the establishment in Bent's Old Fort on the Arkansas River in southeastern Colorado. Kathryn Grayson played the "Lone Woman," a Cheyenne Indian. From 1955 to 1959, Brady appeared five times on CBS's anthology series "Schlitz Playhouse", including as the roles of Reno Cromwell in "Night of the Big Swamp" and Calvin Penny in "Papa Said No." The "Schlitz Playhouse" episode "The Salted Mine" became the pilot for Brady's own western television series, "Shotgun Slade", which aired seventy-eight episodes in syndication from 1959 to 1961. In addition to "Shotgun Slade", Brady appeared in several other television westerns, including "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater", "The High Chaparral", "Lancer", "Dirty Sally", "The Virginian" (twice), and "Gunsmoke" (three times). In 1958, he played the lead role of Sergeant Matt Blake to Clint Eastwood's third billing as Keith Williams in "Ambush at Cimarron Pass". In 1961, he played the roles of John Keller in "We're Holding Your Son" on the anthology series hosted by Ronald W. Reagan, "General Electric Theater", and Ernie Taggart in "Voyage into Fear" of the CBS detective series, "Checkmate". In 1962, Brady was cast in the lead guest role as reporter/commentator Floyd Gibbons in "The Floyd Gibbons Story" of ABC's "The Untouchables", starring Robert Stack. The next year he portrayed Bill Floyd in the episode "Run for Doom" of CBS's "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour". In 1967, Brady guest starred on Carl Betz's ABC legal drama, "Judd, for the Defense". In 1969, he portrayed Budd Blake in the episode "Panic" of the NBC drama "Bracken's World". In 1973, he was cast as Davey Collier in "No Stone Unturned" of NBC's "Banacek". From 1975 to 1977, Brady had the recurring role of "Vinnie" in sixteen episodes of NBC's "Police Story" crime drama. On February 15, 1977, he appeared as Shirley Feeney's father, Jack Feeney, in the episode "Buddy, Can You Spare a Father?" on ABC's "Laverne & Shirley". Though he had turned down the role of Archie Bunker on "All in the Family", Brady appeared as Joe Foley on four episodes in 1976. He appeared five times on the James Garner NBC series, "The Rockford Files". In 1977, he portrayed Lou Caruso in "Caruso's Way" of ABC's sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter", and appeared as Matt Zaleski in the TV miniseries "Wheels" the following year. In 1983, Brady portrayed Alex Kidd in "Shadow of Sam Penny" on the CBS detective series "Simon and Simon". Brady's last film acting role was as Sheriff Frank in the 1984 film "Gremlins". Brady had been involved earlier in life with actresses Gwen Verdon and Dorothy Malone but went on to marry a non-actress at age 43 and have two sons. A staunch supporter of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football, Brady hosted the team with a party at his home in the Hollywood Hills whenever the Irish came to town to play the University of Southern California. In 1981, Brady was stricken with pulmonary fibrosis and thereafter required the use of an oxygen tank. He died four years later at the age of sixty. He is interred at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. </doc> <doc id="2342825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342825" title="IEC 60906-1"> IEC 60906-1 IEC 60906-1 is an international standard designed ""to provide a standard for a safe, compact and practical 16 A 250 V AC system of plugs and socket-outlets that could be accepted by many countries as their national standard, even if not in the near future."" The standard was originally published by the International Electrotechnical Commission in 1986; the current edition is ed2.0 published in 2009. Although it looks similar to the Swiss SEV 1011 plug, its dimensions are different. As of July 2014, only South Africa has introduced a standard (SANS 164-2) based closely on IEC 60906-1. Brazil used it as the basis for its NBR 14136 standard, but this is not compatible with IEC 60906-1. In 2017 the European Union (EU) published recommendations advising against the harmonisation of domestic plug and socket systems in the EU. IEC 60906-1 plugs and socket-outlets are rated 16 A, 250 V AC and are intended for use on distribution systems having nominal voltages between 200 V and 250 V AC. IEC 60906-1 defines both 3-pin connectors for Class I appliances and 2-pin versions for Class II appliances. (Additional oval-shaped 2-pin connectors for Class 0 appliances defined in the first edition of the standard were never implemented and no longer appear in the current second edition.) The IEC 60906-1 plugs are smaller than any other European plug with 16 A rating, being only slightly larger than the 2.5 A Europlug and providing much more reliable contact. The sockets are small enough that two can be installed in the space taken by a single Schuko or BS 1363 socket. The socket has either a 10 mm deep recess or a 12 mm high rim, to exclude incompatible plugs. It ensures that the protective-earth pin establishes contact before the line and neutral pins. Sockets are required to have shutters for the line and neutral apertures. As it uses the same 19 mm pin spacing as most existing European systems (Schuko, etc.), it would be possible to design sockets that can accept both the traditional plug as well as the IEC 60906-1 Class I and II plugs, thereby enabling a smooth transition to the new system. However, the IEC 60906-1 standard explicitly discourages the use of multi-standard sockets, claiming that such sockets are likely to create safety problems when used with plugs from other countries. IEC 60906-1 plugs are similar in size and shape to the Europlug, with the front profile being a flat hexagon. They are nominally 35.5 mm wide. The 3-pin Class I plug is 17 mm high, whereas the 2-pin Class II plug is 14 mm high (similar to the Europlug). The parallel side faces are 26 mm apart, and the two pairs of side faces are orthogonal to each other. Like Schuko and Europlug, the line and neutral pin are 19 mm long and on centres spaced at 19 mm. The pins have a diameter of 4.5 mm, intermediate between Schuko (⌀4.8 mm) and Europlug (⌀4.0 mm). In common with the Europlug there is an insulating sleeve around the base of the line and neutral pins. The 3-pin version has a round protective-earth pin of the same length and diameter as the line and neutral pins, but with no insulating sleeve. The protective-earth pin's center is offset 3 mm from the center point between the line and neutral pin. South Africa is the only country to have incorporated IEC 60906-1 plugs and sockets into its own national standards as SANS 164-2. SANS 164-2 was made the preferred standard in 2013, replacing the older SANS 164-1 (based on BS 546) but according to the South African Bureau of Standards (SABS) electrotechnical standards development manager, the new plugs and sockets would have ""a long, long phase-in period, more than 20 years"." According to the National Institute of Metrology Standardization and Industrial Quality in Brazil, the Brazilian Association of Technical Standards ""began discussing the creation of a standard for plugs and sockets ... in the 1980s, based on the draft international standard based on IEC 60906-01. It was concluded with wide participation of the manufacturers of plugs and sockets and of electrical and electronic equipment, in July of 1998, with the publication of the norm ABNT NBR 14136."" There are a number of non-compliance issues with IEC 60906-1. Brazil uses both 127 V and 220 V mains supplies, but rather than using the IEC 60906-2 standard for the lower voltage it uses NBR 14136 for both. Whereas IEC 60906-1 specifies a single 16 A rating with 4.5 mm pins, NBR 14136 has both 10 A and 20 A ratings, the 10 A plug has a pin diameter of 4 mm, and the 20 A plug is 4.8 mm. NBR 14136 does not require shutters on the apertures, a further source of non-compliance with IEC 60906-1. The 10 A socket will accept only 10 A plugs, and Europlugs, while the 20 A socket will accept both 10 A and 20 A plugs, plus Europlugs. In the 1990s the EU requested CENELEC to devise a harmonized plug and socket system for Europe. In 1995 that attempt was abandoned as it was not possible for CENELEC delegates to agree an acceptable solution, CENELEC forecast that converting European households, offices and factories to a common standard would cost about $125 billion. In response to a suggestion that the European Commission introduce a common system across the whole of the EU, the Commission's Regulatory Fitness and Performance (REFIT) programme issued recommendations in 2017. REFIT found that ""the harmonisation of plug and socket outlet systems in Europe, by introducing changes in national wiring legislations (would have) important transitional periods (above 75 years)"", and that the cost to ""replace the old socket-outlets (and the corresponding plugs of the appliances being used)"" was estimated at 100 billion Euro, ""generating a huge environmental impact, producing some 700 000 tons of electrical waste"". REFIT does not recommend harmonising the plugs and socket-outlet systems in Europe. Modern injection moulding technology enables robust and safe plugs to be smaller than the Schuko and BS 1363 systems, which were designed in the early and mid 20th century respectively. The IEC 60906-1 and BS 1363 systems have some common safety features in that plugs and sockets are polarized, and that sockets are required to have shutters for the line and neutral pins. An advantage of the IEC 60906-1 plug types is smaller physical sizes. The IEC 60906-1 plugs are also rated for up to 16 amperes, while the BS 1363 plugs are rated for 13 amperes. The unfused IEC 60906-1 is incompatible with UK law which requires an appropriately rated fuse in the plug to protect the attached flexible cord. The IEC 60906-1 system also avoids the problems of the Schuko and French systems currently used in most of Europe and large parts of Asia: The grounded IEC 60906-1 plug (IEC designation "Type N") looks similar to the Swiss SEV 1011 type 12 plug (IEC designation "Type J"). However, the latter has smaller diameter pins (4.0 mm), the ground pin is offset more (5 mm), and it is only rated for 10 A. Therefore there is no compatability between these grounded 3-pin plugs. The two types of plug systems also differ in that IEC 60906-1 plugs (both 2 pin ungrounded and 3 pin grounded) always have been defined to have partially sleeved line and neutral pins, while the Swiss type 11 (ungrounded) and type 12 (grounded) plugs formerly were allowed to be without partially sleeved pins. However, since 1 January 2013, only type 11 and 12 plugs with partially sleeved line and neutral pins are allowed to be imported and distributed in Switzerland to reduce the risk of electrical shocks. </doc> <doc id="2342827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342827" title="Prades, Pyrénées-Orientales"> Prades, Pyrénées-Orientales Prades (; ) is a commune and a sub-prefecture of the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France. It is the capital of the historical Conflent comarca. Its inhabitants are called "Pradéens"/"Pradéennes" in French, and "Pradencs"/"Pradenques" in Catalan. Prades is located in the canton of Les Pyrénées catalanes and in the arrondissement of Prades, in the Pyrenees Mountains next to the Canigó and Têt River. Its nearby towns include Codalet, Eus, Vinça, Villefranche-de-Conflent Prades is twinned with: The Prades Festival, which specialises in chamber music, was begun in 1950, when eminent musicians were invited to play with Casals to commemorate the bicentenary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach. This followed a decade during which Casals had declined to play in public because of events in Spain. From the first festival, recordings of performances at Prades were released on the Columbia record label. The festival moved to Perpignan in 1951, but returned to Prades the following year. It was renamed the Pablo Casals Festival in 1982. Every summer, since 1968, the Universitat Catalana d'Estiu ("Catalan Summer University") is held at Prada de Conflent. It is an academic event which usually lasts ten days, open to everybody, where scholars, artists, and other personalities coming from all over the Catalan Countries lecture and discuss about a variety of topics of general interest. Prades was also the adopted home of cellist Pablo Casals and grammarian Pompeu Fabra during their exile from the Spanish Civil War. A small museum in Prades commemorates Casals. </doc> <doc id="2342829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342829" title="The Fall of Troy"> The Fall of Troy The Fall of Troy is an American post-hardcore band from Mukilteo, Washington. The band is a trio consisting of Thomas Erak (guitars, vocals, keyboards), Andrew Forsman (drums, percussion) and Tim Ward (bass, screamed vocals) who was later replaced by Frank Ene following his departure from the band in late 2007. Ene would remain in the band until their initial break-up in 2010, but Ward rejoined the band in Ene's place for their reunion in 2013. Drew Pelisek, formerly of CHON, has been touring with the band on bass and backing vocals since 2017 and both he and Ward are considered to be official members The trio is known for their technical and dynamic style, unorthodox song structures and energetic stage presence. The group has released five full-length albums, two EPs, and one single. Prior to The Fall of Troy's formation, when each member was about 17 years old, all three founding members were in another group named The 30 Years War, who released two EPs. In his late freshman year at Kamiak High School, Erak provided vocals and guitar for the band The Tribune. The band recorded one EP but disbanded by mid-2002. Munro and Erak then started a four-piece hardcore band under the name The 30 Years War. The band was rounded out with drummer Andrew Forsman. The group had originally intended a much mellower sound than employed. Erak stayed on guitar and vocals, Munro moved to second guitar, and bass and drums were filled by Tim Ward and Forsman respectively. During the life of The 30 Years War, two EPs were independently released, entitled "Martyrs Among the Casualties" and "Live at the Paradox". Just as The 30 Years War were about to go into the studio to record again, Munro quit, stating that school commitments rendered him unable to continue playing with the band. After Munro left, the band changed its name to "The Fall of Troy" using the same method with which they had chosen their previous name: "opening a history textbook and pointing at a random location until [they] found a selection they liked". In May 2003 the trio entered The Hall of Justice in Seattle, Washington with producer Joel M. Brown to record their first full length. They were all about 17 and a half years of age, and the album was recorded in one take over their spring break in one week. The album was released on November 4, 2003 (see 2003 in music) on Lujo Records, and reissued on August 22, 2006 (see 2006 in music) by Equal Vision Records. The trio also recorded their independently released "Ghostship EP" shortly after the release of the self-titled, in 2004. Early versions of the demos included keyboards by Jesse Erickson of Mukilteo, WA and had no vocals. The demos on the "Ghostship EP"; Part I, II, IV, and V, showcase the Phantom on the Horizon concept album, while "Macaulay McCulkin" is on 2005's "Doppelgänger". The band was invited to submit a new demo for Equal Vision, which saw the band hooking up with Ghostship producers Gordon Edward Greenwood III and Dustin Kochel once again. The resulting two tracks were "Tom Waits" and "Laces Out, Dan". Equal Vision used these tracks as promos for the yet to be recorded album. In March 2005, the band entered the studio to record their second album, titled "Doppelgänger". It was released on August 16, 2005 in Compact Disc and vinyl format, which also had alternate artwork. The trio started touring extensively from the release of "Doppelgänger" through the first quarter of 2006. "F.C.P.R.E.M.I.X." was released as the only single from the album, and has led to some recent mainstream success. The music video was released June 6, 2006 and received massive airplay on MTV and FUSE. The song was featured in "Saints Row" for Xbox 360 and in "MLB 2K6" for Xbox, PlayStation 2, GameCube, PSP and Xbox 360. The song is also featured in "". In mid-December 2006, the band entered the studio with producer Matt Bayles (Minus the Bear, Botch, Pearl Jam, Mastodon) to begin work on their third full-length album "Manipulator". The album achieved 4 out of 5 K's in Kerrang! magazine and 7 out of 10 from Metal Hammer magazine. The album features Nouela Johnston of the Seattle band People Eating People contributing vocal and keyboard parts to many songs. The album includes the previously written, "Seattlantis," and mostly all new material, including songs such as, "Problem!?," "Cut Down All the Trees and Name the Streets After Them," and a song with the palindromic title, "A Man. A Plan. A Canal. Panama." Before its release date the band stated that the first single from "Manipulator" would be "Cut Down All the Trees and Name the Streets After Them," which was also the first song released to the public on the band's MySpace. The music video for this song was released August 8, 2007, also on the band's MySpace. To support Manipulator, the band went on tour with and opened for Deftones in the summer of 2007. Footage of this tour was used for the single, "Ex-Creations," which was released later on January 16, 2008 on MySpace as well. In late November 2007, during their tour with Coheed and Cambria, Timothy took a break from the band. It was later confirmed by the band that he had left the band due to stress. He was replaced by Frank Ene of the band "...Of Stalwart Fads". The trio went on tour spring 2008 with Foxy Shazam, The Dear Hunter and Tera Melos. On November 28, 2008, "Phantom on the Horizon" was released. The EP features all five "Ghostship" parts, with interludes. Erak has described the album as "one song separated by tracks." The album was played in its entirety on their West Coast and East Coast tours, followed by some "deep cuts" from the group's catalogue each night of the tour. Only 3,000 copies have been pressed (despite the misprint reverse side of the "Phantom on the Horizon" CD casing numbering the CD's out of a total of 3,300) and were sold online and at shows. After the 1500 physical copies held aside for online ordering sold out on December 1, an MP3 version of the album became available online retailers such as iTunes. A vinyl edition followed in 2009, with 1,000 clear copies sold through Hot Topic stores and 1,000 orange copies sold directly from the band's website. On February 26, 2009, The Fall of Troy confirmed on their website and their MySpace profile that they were entering the studio that week with producer Terry Date to record the follow-up to "Manipulator", which will include "a dozen or so songs" and should be in stores this summer. It was revealed on April 30, 2009 that Rody Walker, lead vocalist for the progressive metal band, Protest The Hero, would make a guest appearance on the record. "In the Unlikely Event", their fourth studio album, was released on October 6, 2009. On February 26, 2010, The Fall of Troy announced that they would disband after completing a spring US tour. The trio did one of their final interviews with Mario Trevizo of Lexington Music Press. Following Fall of Troy's breakup, Thomas Erak went on to form Just Like Vinyl. In January 2013, it was announced that Erak joined the post-hardcore band Chiodos. Andrew Forsman replaced Erak as drummer of the local band The Monday Mornings in 2010. Tim Ward relocated to Idaho following his removal from The Fall of Troy and has been recording and releasing demos online under the monikers Messed Up Coyote, Cool Timmy, Trash Kids, Dorothey Valens, and Stranger Danger. Frank Ene formed the band Chineke in 2010 as lead guitarist and vocalist, who are currently working on releasing a full-length album. On February 21, 2011, Thomas announced the releasing of a live video named The Fall of Troy: Live at the Glasshouse. It was filmed in Pomona, CA, on October 12, 2009. In August 2011, Enjoy The Ride Records reissued The Fall Of Troy's Doppelganger on vinyl. Only 1,500 copies were pressed, 1,000 of these featuring a black and red split coloring and sold at Hot Topic. The other 500 feature a black and red split with added "bone splatter" coloring and were sold online. In November 2011, Enjoy The Ride Records reissued 2007's Manipulator on vinyl as a douple LP. Only 1,000 copies were pressed with 500 featuring a blue, pink, and orange split on LP1 and a black, white, and grey split on LP2 exclusive to Enjoy The Ride Records' website. The other 500 were once again sold at Hot Topic featuring the same colors in a spiral swirl. The original lineup of The Fall of Troy reunited for three nights in December 2013 in Austin, Texas. Each night, the band performed one of their first three albums ("The Fall of Troy", "Doppelgänger" and "Manipulator") in their entirety. During the VIP reunion show, the band announced they would continue making music in 2014 by releasing an album free of charge. In December 2014, Thomas Erak announced that he left Chiodos to focus on The Fall of Troy's new album and his family. The Fall of Troy went on a 10th anniversary U.S. tour of their second album "Doppelgänger" in September and November 2015 with And So I Watch You from Afar and Kylesa as direct support for each respective leg. After two years of teases and updates, The Fall of Troy formally announced its fifth studio album and follow-up to 2009's "In the Unlikely Event". The new album, titled "OK", was self-released on April 20, 2016 (three weeks after its formal announcement) through the band's website for a pay what you want model in addition to a limited-edition vinyl version. Coinciding with the album's announcement, the band posted the track "401k" for online streaming followed by a music video for the track "Inside Out". The group further released "OK#2", "OK#3.1", and "OK#3.2", all of which are alternate/instrumental versions of "OK". The Fall of Troy is characterized by a technical, intricate style, unorthodox song structures and energetic live performances. Thomas Erak's alternating guitar riffs and rhythmic chord work, paired with odd time signatures set the band apart from other post-hardcore bands. They also include abrupt transitions between melody and dissonance, as well as interchanging clean vocals and screams which was often split between Erak and Ward, respectively. Its music has been described as "danceable", however, and the band members have stated to pay as much attention to the groove as to complex structures. The Fall of Troy is usually categorized as mathcore, post-hardcore and screamo. At the beginning, the main influences of The Fall of Troy were local bands from the Seattle area, including Botch, The Blood Brothers, Sunny Day Real Estate, Raft of Dead Monkeys and Unwed Sailor, in addition to the Texan post-hardcore act At the Drive-In. They have expressed admiration for New Jersey mathcore group The Dillinger Escape Plan as well: Andrew Forsman singled out drummer Billy Rymer as an inspiration, while Thomas Erak lauded their 1999 debut album, "Calculating Infinity". Forsman has been particularly influenced by electronic music artists such as Aphex Twin. Among the artists who have cited The Fall of Troy as an influence are Chon, and Closure in Moscow. </doc> <doc id="2342832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342832" title="Bible of Kralice"> Bible of Kralice The Bible of Kralice, also called the Kralice Bible (), was the first complete translation of the Bible from the original languages into the Czech language. Translated by the Unity of the Brethren and printed in the town of Kralice nad Oslavou, the first edition had six volumes and was published between the years 1579 and 1593. The third edition, from 1613, is classic and till this day the most widely known and used Czech translation. The New Testament had been translated from the Greek by Jan Blahoslav and published in 1564. </doc> <doc id="2342838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342838" title="Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans"> Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans (3 June 1740 – 9 February 1802) was a British landowner, and a collector of antiquities and works of art. Aubrey Beauclerk was born in 1740, the son of Admiral Vere Beauclerk, 1st Baron Vere and a grandson of Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans. On 4 May 1763 Beauclerk married Lady Catherine Ponsonby (14 October 1742 – 4 September 1789), daughter of William Ponsonby, 2nd Earl of Bessborough. They had seven children: From 1761 to 1768 he served as Member of Parliament for Thetford; from 1768 to 1774 he was Member for Aldborough. In 1778 Beauclerk and his wife went to Rome, following rumors in the press concerning Catherine Beauclerk's relationship with Thomas Brand (junior). Brand accompanied the Beauclerks to Rome, abandoning his own wife and children. In 1779 Beauclerk financed an excavation with Thomas Jenkins at Centocelle, which produced several ancient sculptures. To celebrate this successful excavation Beauclerk commissioned Franciszek Smuglewicz to paint a portrait of him and his family at the site (the painting is now at Cheltenham Art Gallery). Some of the sculptures were sold to Giovanni Battista Visconti for the Museo Pio-Clementino at the Vatican in Rome, and others to the British collector, Henry Blundell; many were displayed at Beauclerk's house at Hanworth by 1783. While in Italy Beauclerk also bought several paintings. On the death of his father in 1781 Beauclerk became the 2nd Baron Vere, and in 1787, on the death of his cousin, he became the 5th Duke of St Albans. Beauclerk disposed of his collection of antiquities at sales in 1798 and 1801 - which did not deter him from being a major purchaser in 1801 at sales of his father-in-law's collections. He died in 1802, and is buried in St George's Church, Hanworth. </doc> <doc id="2342840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342840" title="Månafossen"> Månafossen Månafossen is a waterfall in Gjesdal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The tall waterfall is located along the river Månaåna, about east of the end of the Frafjorden where the village of Frafjord is located. The waterfall is in a fairly isolated area. There is a parking area nearby with a steep, rough hiking trail up a mountainside to see the waterfall. The hike takes about 30 minutes. </doc> <doc id="2342852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342852" title="Aza-Diels–Alder reaction"> Aza-Diels–Alder reaction The aza-Diels–Alder reaction converts imines and dienes to tetrahydropyridines. This organic reaction is a modification of the Diels–Alder reaction. The nitrogen atom can be part of the diene or the dienophile. The imine is often generated in situ from an amine and formaldehyde. An example is the reaction of cyclopentadiene with benzylamine to an aza norbornene. In the enantioselective Diels–Alder (DA) reaction of an aniline, formaldehyde and a cyclohexenone catalyzed by (S)-proline even the diene is masked. The catalytic cycle starts with the reactions of the aromatic amine with formaldehyde to the imine and the reaction of the ketone with proline to the diene. The second step, an endo trig cyclisation, is driven to one of the two possible enantiomers (99% ee) because the imine nitrogen atom forms a hydrogen bond with the carboxylic acid group of proline on the Si face. Hydrolysis of the final complex releases the product and regenerates the catalyst. In 2014, Doyle and coworkers reported a Zn(OTf)-catalyzed [4+2] cycloaddition reaction between two imines to form tetrahydropyrimidine products. </doc> <doc id="2342857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342857" title="Bob McNab"> Bob McNab Robert McNab (born 20 July 1943) is an English former footballer who played as a defender. McNab featured for clubs Huddersfield Town, Arsenal, Wolverhampton Wanderers, San Antonio Thunder, Barnet, Vancouver Whitecaps and Tacoma Stars in his playing career. He also played for England's national football team. As a manager he was at the helm of teams Vancouver Whitecaps, Tacoma Stars, San Jose Grizzlies and Portsmouth. Born in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, McNab started out at local club, Huddersfield Town, where he made close to seventy appearances. In October 1966 he was signed by Bertie Mee for Arsenal for £50,000. He made his debut for the club in a defeat to Leeds United on 15 October 1968. McNab went on to become a regular and so play in the 1969 Football League Cup Final which Arsenal lost to Swindon Town. As so with Arsenal he went on to lift the 1969–70 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. Being a stalwart in the back line alongside Pat Rice and Frank McLintock, McNab played 62 matches in Arsenal's double-winning season, missing just two games. He thus featured throughout that campaign, going on to win a League and FA Cup Double in 1970–71 with the Gunners. With such he missed much of the 1971–72 season due to injury with Sammy Nelson deputising for him. McNab though was able to again play at Wembley in the 1972 FA Cup Final which Arsenal lost to Leeds United. McNab returned to full fitness in playing over 50 matches the following season. However, in 1973–74 he suffered another curtailing injury. With this being the case he again had to share the role of left back. With the younger Nelson being in favour, the 32-year-old McNab left the club on a free transfer in the summer of 1975. In total he played 365 matches for Arsenal, scoring six goals. After leaving Arsenal, he at first played for Wolverhampton Wanderers before linking up in the U.S. with the NASL's San Antonio Thunder. He then returned to England to join up with Barnet only to move back across the Atlantic to Canada. Whilst there he played for the NASL's Vancouver Whitecaps, where he brought his playing days to a close. McNab went on to coach the Whitecaps and thereafter the Tacoma Stars of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He left being at the helm of the Stars in December 1983 only to become the club's assistant manager. During the 1983–84 season, whilst in the aforesaid role he also played a solo game for the Stars. He was reappointed as the side's manager in March 1985. McNab later emigrated to Los Angeles, California, where he presently lives and works as a property developer. In 1999, he was part of a consortium led by Milan Mandaric that took over Portsmouth. He was for an instance a caretaker manager of the side until the appointment of Tony Pulis within the following month. McNab made his debut for England on 6 November 1968 against Romania. He made a sum of four appearances for England. These caps came wherein home and away draws to Romania as well as a 3–1 win to Northern Ireland at Belfast and another 1–1 tie at Wembley to Belgium altogether. As well as being a footballer, Bob McNab was a media personality in the 1970s, appearing on the panel for ITV's coverage of the 1970 FIFA World Cup, and he had a cameo role in the 1973 "On The Buses" episode "The Football Match". His daughter, Mercedes McNab is a notable actress. McNab was injured for the majority of the 1970–71 season and was thus doubtful for the FA Cup semi final played at the neutral venue of Villa Park against Stoke City. This scenario was referenced in the film Fever Pitch, where Paul Ashworth correctly predicts part of the game's lineup with the line, "McNab won't play. Bertie Mee wouldn't risk him." </doc> <doc id="2342860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342860" title="1975 in art"> 1975 in art The year 1975 in art involved some significant events and new works. </doc> <doc id="2342862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342862" title="List of Iron Maiden band members"> List of Iron Maiden band members Iron Maiden are a British heavy metal band formed in 1975 by bassist Steve Harris. After several lineup changes prior to their recording career, they settled on Harris, vocalist Paul Di'Anno, guitarist Dave Murray and drummer Doug Sampson. The band released an EP as a four-piece, before hiring guitarist Dennis Stratton in 1979. Doug Sampson was dismissed from the band as he was unable to cope with the touring schedule and, at the suggestion of Stratton, replaced by Clive Burr, with whom the band recorded their self-titled debut album in 1980. Later that year, Stratton was replaced by guitarist Adrian Smith, due to musical and personal differences brought about by choosing not to travel with the band when supporting Kiss on the European leg of their Unmasked Tour. During the tour supporting their second studio effort, Di'Anno was fired from the band after drug and alcohol abuse affected his live performance. Vocalist Bruce Dickinson left his previous band, Samson, to audition for Iron Maiden in September 1981 and joined shortly afterwards. After the release of their third album, "The Number of the Beast", drummer Nicko McBrain replaced Burr, who left due to personal and scheduling problems on the subsequent Beast on the Road tour. This is considered by many as their quintessential lineup, with which they released a series of high-impact works. In 1990, prior to the recording of their eighth studio album, Smith was asked to leave the band due to a lack of enthusiasm, brought about by the "stripped-down" musical direction they were taking, which Smith considered "a step backwards". Janick Gers, an old friend of Dickinson's who performed on his debut solo album, became the new guitarist. This formation recorded one more album before Dickinson departed in 1993, in order to pursue his solo career further. The band listened to hundreds of tapes submitted by vocalists before asking Blaze Bayley to audition, with whom they would go on to release two studio albums, after which Bayley left the band by mutual consent in January 1999. At that point, the band were in talks with Dickinson, who, after a meeting with Steve Harris and Rod Smallwood (the group's manager) in Brighton, agreed to rejoin along with Adrian Smith, who was telephoned a few hours later. Iron Maiden thus became a six-piece band and have gone on to make five further studio releases. The current lineup is now the longest and most stable in the band's history. <onlyinclude> </onlyinclude> </doc> <doc id="2342863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342863" title="Ålgård"> Ålgård Ålgård (historic: "Aalgaard") is the administrative centre of Gjesdal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The village is located along the European route E39 highway, about southeast of the city of Sandnes in the Jæren district of the county. The village includes the neighborhoods of Ålgård, Bærland, Fiskebekk, Opstad and Solås. The large lake Edlandsvatnet lies on the south side of the village, emptying into the river Figgjoelva which runs northwest to Sandnes. Ålgård is mostly known for the Kongeparken amusement park, an old wool mill, and a local football team (Ålgård F.K.) playing in the Norwegian Second Division. The Old Ålgård Church (built in 1917) and the new Ålgård Church (built in 2015) are both located in the village. There is significant industries in Ålgård, primarily the wood, textile, and clothing industries. The village has a population (2015) of 8,938; which gives the village a population density of . The village of Figgjo, located in neighboring Sandnes municipality sits directly adjacent to Ålgård, just over the municipal border. Statistics Norway considers Ålgård/Figgjo to be one large urban area straddling two municipalities. Together, Ålgård/Figgjo has 10,956 residents. </doc> <doc id="2342878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342878" title="Suzanne Doppelt"> Suzanne Doppelt Suzanne Doppelt (born 1956) is a contemporary French writer and photographer, living in Paris. Suzanne Doppelt studied philosophy and teaches photography at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland. Suzanne Doppelt has exhibited at several venues, including New York University, Deutsches Haus, Centre Culturel Français, Damas; Ecole des Beaux Arts de Nîmes; Pavillon des Arts, Paris; Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris; and Galerie Pennings in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. </doc> <doc id="2342881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342881" title="Balloon rocket"> Balloon rocket A balloon rocket is a rubber balloon filled with air or other gases. Besides being simple toys, balloon rockets are a widely used as a teaching device to demonstrate basic physics. To launch a simple rocket, the untied opening of an inflated balloon is released. The elasticity of the balloon contracts the air out through the opening with sufficient force and the resulting pressure creates a thrust which propels the balloon forward as it deflates. It is usual for the balloon to be propelled somewhat uncontrollably (or fly in and unstable centre of mass), as well as turbulence that occur in the opening as the air escapes, causing it to flap rapidly and disperses air outwards in random direction. Near the end of its deflation, the balloon may suddenly shoot quickly in the air shortly before it drops down, due to the rubber rapidly squeezes out the remaining air inside as it reaches the inclination to return to its uninflated size. The flight altitude only amounts to some metres, with larger or lighter balloons often achieving longer flights. In addition, a cylindrical-shaped (or "airship") balloon may have a more stable flight when released. If the balloon is inflated with helium or other lighter than air gases, it tends to fly in an inclined trajectory (usually going upwards), due to the light nature of the gas. The balloon rocket can be used easily to demonstrate simple physics, namely Newton’s third law of motion. A common experiment with a balloon rocket consists in adding other objects such as a string or fishing line, a drinking straw and adhesive tape to the balloon itself. The string is threaded through the straw and is attached at both ends to fixed objects. The straw is then taped to the side of the inflated balloon, with the mouth of the balloon touching the object it is pointed. When the balloon is released, it propels itself along the length of the string. Alternatively, a balloon rocket car can be built. There is also dedicated toy known as a rocket balloon, usually tubular-shaped and inflated with a special pump (pictured). These balloons, when released, propel in a more stable direction because of a steadier thrust of air and elongated shape, unlike ordinary round balloons which often launch uncontrollably. Aside from the shape, rocket balloons are also characterized by their distinctive loud buzzing or screaming noises due to the tight, reed-like opening designed to make noise as the air rushes through. They are also known as noisemaker balloons, due to the aforementioned noise The fact that an untied toy balloon flies away when released sometimes has become a staple recurring gag and comedic effect in most cartoons. For instance, when an object or a character is comically being "inflated" and then deflates, it flies away uncontrollably, in a similar fashion to a balloon itself. In addition, the noises that a balloon creates when deflating is sometimes used in conjunction with this comedic effect. </doc> <doc id="2342883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342883" title="Greenwich (UK Parliament constituency)"> Greenwich (UK Parliament constituency) Greenwich was a parliamentary constituency in south-east London, which returned Members of Parliament to the House of Commons of the UK Parliament from 1832 to 1997 (by the first past the post system). From 1832 until 1885 it was a two-member constituency. Its area was cut and it was reduced to a seat under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 associated with the Reform Act 1884. For the 1997 general election, it was merged with part of the former Woolwich constituency to form the Greenwich and Woolwich seat. Its history is dominated by the area's strong maritime tradition. Its most prominent claim to fame was as the seat of William Ewart Gladstone between 1868 and 1880, and it also achieved prominence in the 1987 Greenwich by-election, when the SDP won a surprise victory. 1885-1918: The civil parishes of Greenwich, St Nicholas, Deptford, Charlton, and Kidbrooke. 1918-1974: The Metropolitan Borough of Greenwich. 1974-1983: The London Borough of Greenwich wards of Blackheath, Charlton, Eastcombe, Hornfair, Kidbrooke, Marsh, Park, Trafalgar, Vanbrugh, and West. 1983-1997: The London Borough of Greenwich wards of Blackheath, Charlton, Ferrier, Hornfair, Kidbrooke, Rectory Field, St Alfege, Trafalgar, Vanbrugh, and West. Between 1983 and 1997, the constituency formed the western part of the Royal Borough of Greenwich. Dundas was appointed a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, requiring a by-election. Barnard's death caused a by-election. Dundas resigned after being appointed Commander of the Mediterranean Fleet, causing a by-election. Rolt resigned, causing a by-election. Townsend resigned after becoming a bankrupt, also leading to his suspension from the House of Commons. Gladstone's appointment as Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury caused a by-election. Salomons' death caused a by-election. </doc> <doc id="2342885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342885" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond"> Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond is the headquarters of the Fifth District of the Federal Reserve located in Richmond, Virginia. It covers the District of Columbia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and most of West Virginia excluding the Northern Panhandle. Branch offices are located in Baltimore, Maryland and Charlotte, North Carolina. Thomas Barkin became president of the Richmond Fed following the retirement of Jeffrey M. Lacker in April 2017. The previous president, J. Alfred Broaddus, retired in 2004. The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond is located in Downtown Richmond, Virginia. It has an aluminum facade and was designed by Minoru Yamasaki, who also designed the former World Trade Center. Despite being one of the tallest buildings in the state, 49% of the building's total floor area is located underground. The building was proposed in 1972, and built from 1975-1978. The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond is the third-largest Federal Reserve Bank by assets held, after New York and San Francisco, as of April 2015. The following people serve on the board of directors : </doc> <doc id="2342909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342909" title="EasyOffice"> EasyOffice EasyOffice is an office suite for Microsoft Windows developed by E-Press corporation that came in two versions: EasyOffice has been replaced with the another suite, simply called One. The company's former website (www.e-press.com) is now a parked domain. </doc> <doc id="2342918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342918" title="Armistice of Saint Jean d'Acre"> Armistice of Saint Jean d'Acre The Armistice of Saint Jean d'Acre (also known as the Convention of Acre) concluded the Syria-Lebanon Campaign of World War II. The Armistice, signed on 14 July 1941, was between Allied forces in the Middle East under the command of British General Henry Maitland Wilson, and Vichy France forces in Syria and Lebanon, under the command of General Henri Dentz, Commander in Chief of the Army of the Levant ("Armée du Levant") and as High Commissioner of the Levant. Having lost control of the Northern Desert and the Euphrates Province and being threatened with the imminent loss of Beirut, General Dentz decided to ask for an armistice. On the evening of 11 July, British Lieutenant-General Claude Auchinleck, Commander-in-Chief of the Middle East Command, received a wireless message from Dentz proposing the suspension of hostilities six hours later, at midnight. General Dentz declared himself ready to engage in talks on the basis of a memorandum presented to him that morning by the United States Consul at Beirut on behalf of the British Government. But Dentz made the reservation that he was empowered by the French Government to treat only with the British representatives to the exclusion of those of the Free French. The proposals presented by General Dentz were considered at once by the Middle East War Council. The council took into account the opinion of the American Consul at Beirut that Dentz was entirely insincere and might be playing for time in the hope of a last minute rescue by the Germans. Accordingly, his conditions were rejected by the British and he was called on to send his plenipotentiaries to the British outpost on the Beirut—Haifa Road at or before 0900 hours on 12 July. Failure to do this would lead to the resumption of hostilities at that hour. On 12 July, the Vichy second in command, Lieutenant-General Joseph-Antoine-Sylvain-Raoul de Verdillac attended the talks. He went all the way from Syria to Acre in the British Mandate of Palestine and was escorted by a convoy of Australian high commanding officers. General de Verdillac represented the Army of the Levant for the Armistice talks instead of his superior commander, General Dentz. The 21 July 1941 issue of "Time" magazine indicates that Dentz sent de Verdillac to the talks because de Verdillac was more pro-British and less anti-De Gaulle than Dentz. At 2200 hours on 12 July, the Armistice of Saint Jean d'Acre was initialled. The Allied forces were represented by General Wilson, by Air Commodore L. O. Brown, Royal Air Force, by Captain J. A. V. Morse, Royal Navy, and by Free French General Georges Catroux. The Vichy French were represented by de Verdillac. The Armistice talks, the first between Great Britain and France since Napoleon's time, were held in the officers mess of "Sidney Smith Barracks", on the outskirts of the city of Acre. On this site was later founded Bustan HaGalil, an Israeli agricultural settlement. Despite the generosity of the British terms, representatives of Vichy made a brief show of refusing them, then dumped the whole mess into General Dentz's lap. On Bastille Day 14 July General Dentz, Vichy's High Commissioner to the Levant States, signed Syria and Lebanon away to the conquering British and to the Free French Forces. When General De Verdillac uncapped his pen to add his signature, all the lights in the room fused out, and so a dispatch rider's motorcycle was brought into the room to light the place with its head lamp. </doc> <doc id="2342921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342921" title="Šiaulėnai"> Šiaulėnai Šiaulėnai is a town near Šiauliai in Lithuania located at . It is in the Radviliškis district municipality in Šiauliai County. It is the capital of Šiaulėnai elderate. During the 1784 census, Šiaulėnai was located in the Žemaitija (Samogitia) duchy/eldership. The Jewish population of Šiaulėnai was devastated by the Nazis during World War II. Under Czarist occupation of Lithuania, the city was known in Russian as Шавлан. It may be listed on historical documents in the United States as Shavlan, Shavlyan, Shavlyany, or Szawlany, Russia. Notable attractions include: </doc> <doc id="2342926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342926" title="Ateed"> Ateed Ateed is a German singer, born to a Greek Turkish mother and Iranian father. She has only recorded songs in English, and is probably best known for singing the songs, "Come to Me" and "I Want It All", on the Pringles advertisements. "Come to Me" peaked at No.56 in the UK Singles Chart in October 2003. Track listing All tracks written and composed by Ateed and Geoman, except #4 by K. Rethwisch, Ch. Langton, M. Weber, and A. Petrow, No.7 by Ateed, Geoman, Eran Tabib, and Gabriel Dorman, and No.13 by Ateed, Geoman, and Jade Villalon. </doc> <doc id="2342928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342928" title="Lek Yuen"> Lek Yuen Lek Yuen may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342941" title="Aquamarine (film)"> Aquamarine (film) Aquamarine is a 2006 Australian-American teen fantasy comedy film starring Sara Paxton, Emma Roberts, and JoJo. The film, which was made in both the United States and Australia, was released in North America on March 3, 2006. The film was loosely based on a young adult novel of the same name by Alice Hoffman, and was directed by American director Elizabeth Allen Rosenbaum. The film was filmed in Queensland, Australia. 13-year-old best friends Claire Brown (Emma Roberts) and Hailey Rogers (JoJo) are upset to know that they will be separated in five days as Hailey has to move to Australia because of her mother's (Claudia Karvan) work. Claire, sensible and slightly naive, looks up to Hailey as a mother figure in some ways, since her parents drowned in a boat accident years before. She now lives with her grandparents (Roy Billing and Julia Blake) by the beach near Hailey, who is more daring and adventurous in the small beach town. One night while the girls have a slumber party, Hailey prays to the ocean god for a miracle that will make her mother change her mind about moving. Minutes later, a violent storm occurs. The following morning, Claire accidentally slips into the local beach club swimming pool and notices something strange under the water with blue hair and a tail. She tries to tell herself it was only a figment of her imagination since she's been afraid of water ever since her parents' deaths, but Hailey convinces Claire to come back and explore it later that night. When they do, they find a mermaid named Aquamarine (Sara Paxton). They instantly become friends and Aquamarine tells the girls that she needs to prove to her father that true love exists or she'll be made to get married to a man she doesn't know when she returns home. She also explains that if you help a mermaid, you get a wish. Aquamarine immediately sets her eyes on Raymond (Jake McDorman), the lifeguard who Hailey and Claire have had a crush on for years. They are reluctant at first, but know it is their last hope, so they agree to help her. However, because Aquamarine isn't human, she doesn't understand that people don't just love one another instantly, and is rejected by Raymond when they first meet. Still, the girls promise to make Raymond fall in love with Aquamarine over the next three days. They use strategies found in the magazines that Claire and Hayley read, and proceed to stalk Raymond around town so he can notice Aquamarine more and more. At the street fair, Raymond spends the day with Aquamarine. While spending time together alone in the water watching the sunset, he mentions that he wants to see her at a party, The Last Splash, the following night, but she flees before she can give him an answer knowing a sunset can cause her legs to transform back into a tail. Claire and Hailey show Aquamarine a water tower for her to spend the night in, and promise to visit her the next day. In the morning, the three take a bus to Tampa to buy new outfits for the party. For years, Hailey and Claire have had disagreements with a more popular group of girls, especially Cecilia Banks (Arielle Kebbel), who also has a crush on Raymond. Cecilia lies and tells him that the reason Aquamarine left so soon is to be with her boyfriend, so Raymond invites Cecilia to the party instead. Later that day, Claire goes to find Raymond to tell him that Cecilia made the whole thing up, and he and Aquamarine reconcile. At the party, Aquamarine and Raymond bond more, but before she flees again because of another sunset, she kisses him and asks him to meet her on the pier in the morning. When the three girls leave the party, Cecilia follows them to the water tower and discovers Aquamarine's secret. She unhooks the ladder to prevent Aquamarine from getting down and calls the news so they can expose her on national television. However, in the night, the town's mysterious handyman Leonard (Bruce Spence) helps her out and promises not to tell anyone what he knows. Aquamarine grants him a wish for helping her out. When Cecilia shows up with her father, Storm Banks (Shaun Micallef), a news and weather reporter to expose Aquamarine, the rescue team just finds a toy dolphin in the water tower and the whole crowd, including the rescue workers, all laugh at Cecilia and Storm. Humiliated, outraged and knowing that his career may now be ruined, Storm takes Cecilia's car away from her—permanently as a punishment and tells her that when she walks to school every day, she can think about why she needs to have so much attention, much to Cecilia’s dismay. After a while, although he cares for her a lot, Raymond still has not fallen in love with Aquamarine. They meet on the pier where Cecilia interrupts and pushes Aquamarine into the ocean but she screams in horror and runs away right after realizing what she has done when she notices that Aquamarine is actually a real mermaid. Aquamarine's father calls her back home in a giant storm, but Hailey and Claire swim after her as Aquamarine tries to defy her father again. They discover the meaning of platonic love and Aquamarine's father is satisfied knowing love is real, and the girls receive their wish. They decide to not use it to keep Hailey from moving away, and instead, they part ways with Aquamarine, with promises of Aquamarine visiting them and Raymond and loving each other forever. The film was released on DVD on June 13, 2006, and on Blu-ray on March 6, 2012. "Aquamarine" received mixed reviews. It holds a 51% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with the consensus stating, "A lighthearted, gum-smacking, boy-crazy film with a hopeful message for young girls." On Metacritic, which uses an average of critics' reviews, the film holds 51/100, indicating "mixed or average reviews." In its opening weekend, "Aquamarine" grossed $7.5 million in 2,512 theaters, ranking #5 at the box office. By the end of its run, the film grossed $18.6 million domestically, and $4.4 million internationally, for a worldwide total of $23 million. Two of the film's main stars, Emma Roberts and Sara Paxton, were featured on the soundtrack. JoJo, however, an accomplished singer with one album out did not take part. In 2008, La La Land Records released a limited edition CD (1000 pressings) of David Hirschfelder's score (incorporating the voice of Sara Paxton) for the film. </doc> <doc id="2342944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342944" title="Sons of Divine Providence"> Sons of Divine Providence The Sons of Divine Providence (FDP; "Figli della Divina Provvidenza"), or the Orionine Fathers, is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in 1893 by Luigi Orione (1872–1940) in Turin, Italy. It is dedicated to helping the poor and is currently active in 23 nations. The Sons of Divine Providence is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in Italy in 1893 by Luigi Orione. Orione began his work with orphans and street children in the city of Tortona in north-west Italy while he was still a student. On October 15, 1895, Orione opened his first boarding school, titled the Little House of Divine Providence. A man of enormous energy, by the time of his death in 1940 Don Orione and his followers had established services for the care of elderly, disabled and disadvantaged people all over Italy, as well as in Poland, Brazil, Argentina and Palestine. In 1913 began the activities of the missions outside Italy with the departure of a priest and two brothers to Brazil, immediately followed by other expeditions to Argentina and the Holy Land. Orione himself served as a missionary in Latin America (Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Chile) in the years 1921-22 and 1934-37. In the 1920s and 1930s, while continuing assistance to youth with orphanages, agricultural schools and education institutions, the institute deepened the commitment to pastoral care to other categories of the needy; developed health care activity for people with severe mental and physical disabilities, and nursing homes for the elderly and lonely people. The English Delegation "Mother of the Church", run presently by Father Malcolm George Dyer are present in Philippine, India, Jordan, Kenya, United Kingdom, Ireland, and in USA. Saint Luigi Orione's motto, and that of the FDP, is: ""Fare del bene a tutti, fare del bene sempre, del male mai a nessuno." ("Do good to all, help everyone, harm no one.") As of 2016, the Sons of Divine Providence number 1023: three bishops, 728 priests, 82 brothers, and eight hermits. In formation there are 201 clerics and 19 brothers of temporary vows, and 45 novices. The FDP have centers in 296 localities in 32 nations. In the United States, the headquarters of the congregation is at the National Shrine of the Madonna, located on a historic hill in East Boston, Massachusetts, known as Orient Heights. </doc> <doc id="2342946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342946" title="Hillsfar"> Hillsfar Hillsfar is a role-playing video game released for MS-DOS, Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64 in 1989. It features a combination of real-time action and randomly generated quests. It also includes standard gameplay elements of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, upon which the game is based. "Hillsfar" was later released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1993. "Hillsfar" received mixed reviews from critics. Players start their game by creating a character. The game provides three choices: players may select a pre-made character, create their own, or import characters from previous Strategic Simulations Dungeons & Dragons computer games, such as "Pool of Radiance" and "Curse of the Azure Bonds". When creating a character, players may determine the character's race (dwarf, elf, human or gnome), character class (cleric, fighter, magic-user or thief), and alignment. Various characteristics of the new character, such as strength and intelligence, are assigned a random value by the computer. There are two aspects to the game: arcade action, where the player performs tasks (expressed as mini-games) such as searching for treasure and traveling between locations, and adventure, where the player completes quests. The choice of character class affects the available quests, with three for each class. While the quests need to be completed in a set order, "what you do in your time off is up to you", and thus the player is free to explore other aspects of the game. The game is presented in three modes. When traveling, the scene is presented using a side-on view; once in the town of Hillsfar, the game converts to a "bird's-eye view" of the map; a first-person perspective is employed within the caves. Interaction is handled through what Leslie Fiser of "Compute!" magazine described as a "bump interface", which allows the player to trigger interaction with objects by bumping into them. The game takes place in the fictional town of Hillsfar. "Hillsfar" was successful for SSI, selling 78,418 copies. Reviews tended to be mixed. On the positive side, the combination of arcade action and adventure was generally well received. Andy Smith of "Amiga Format", in giving the game a rating of 72%, stated that SSI succeeded in producing "a good game that is a distinct mix of two very different styles", while Bob Guerra of "Compute!" magazine praised the arcade-style sequences, writing that "Hillsfar" "does a much better job of integrating these high-quality sequences into the story than many others do". Roe Adams of "Computer Gaming World" gave much praise for the thief's lockpicking sequence, but noted the game otherwise failed to live up to expectations; in particular, Adams criticized both the repetitive horseback travel sequence, and the fact that magic-users and clerics cast no magic during the game. Other reviewers were less impressed with the overall effect. Lucinda Orr of "Amiga Computing" criticized the overall gameplay, while she was impressed with some of the mini–games, describing them as "quite entertaining and graphically effective", she found the game generally boring, writing, "there is not too much to keep the interest above critical boredom level". The game was reviewed in 1989 in "Dragon" No. 147 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in their "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game three out of five stars. The reviewers compared "Hillsfar" to "Pool of Radiance". They felt that the adventure of "Hillsfar" lacked depth and was less absorbing than "Pool of Radiance", but they considered it "a nice adventure to while away the hours while waiting for SSI to release [the sequel to "Pool of Radiance" nicknamed] "Azure Bonds"". The reviewers also concluded that "If you enjoyed "Pool of Radiance", you'll like "Hillsfar"". The NES version was more negatively received. Brent Walker's review in "VideoGames & Computer Entertainment" assessed, "The majority of your time is spent gathering gold, which has limited use, and either picking locks or bashing them open. There is also little adventure or strategy required, and I felt more like I was just wading through the game, rather than being pulled into it. Graphically unexciting and mentally uninteresting, I can't find anything in particular to recommend it." The magazine's team of four editors gave it an average score of 4 out of 10. Console Classix reviewer John Cooper declared that "Hillsfar" was the "Worst Role-Playing Game Ever Made." According to GameSpy, this game was considered "a failed experiment" by a lot of players. </doc> <doc id="2342956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342956" title="Woolwich (UK Parliament constituency)"> Woolwich (UK Parliament constituency) Woolwich was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1918 and from 1983 to 1997. It centred on Woolwich, now in the Royal Borough of Greenwich in south-east London. Will Crooks, Member of Parliament for Woolwich 1903–10 and 1910–18, was one of the first Labour MPs in the United Kingdom. In 1918, the seat was split into Woolwich East and Woolwich West. In 1983, most of Woolwich West became Eltham while the recreated Woolwich constituency was largely based on Woolwich East. In 1997, the seat was split up along different lines, with part of it going into neighbouring Erith and Thamesmead, and part of it merging with the Greenwich seat to form the new Greenwich and Woolwich seat. 1885-1918: The civil parishes of Eltham, Plumstead, and Woolwich. 1983-1997: The London Borough of Greenwich wards of Abbey Wood, Arsenal, Burrage, Eynsham, Glyndon, Lakedale, Plumstead Common, St Mary's, St Nicholas, Shrewsbury, Slade, Thamesmead Moorings, and Woolwich Common. </doc> <doc id="2342960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342960" title="Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects"> Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects is a fighting game for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, Nintendo DS, and PSP, which ties into the "Marvel Nemesis" comic book series. It was released on September 20, 2005 in North America and October 14, 2005 in Europe. The game focuses on most Marvel Comics characters facing a new team of super villains known as The Imperfects. Upon release, the game was not received very well by critics. The game pitches a series of Marvel heroes and villains, including Venom, Wolverine, Iron Man, and Spider-Man against a series of original EA-created/owned characters. Combat is simplified in favor of allowing the player greater movement, and the game initially drew comparisons to "Power Stone", "Super Smash Bros." and "Ehrgeiz" as a result. The game featured Fatality-like finishing moves that could be triggered as soon as an opponent's health falls to 25% or lower. The video game is based on the Marvel comic book series with the same name, a 6-issue miniseries published from June to December 2005. The miniseries does not depict the events in the game or vice versa, and has a completely different story than the video game. There are even points in the video game story and the comic books that directly contradict each other. The comic does, however, star the same characters as the video game and introduces the EA characters with, aside from one or two minor details, the same background stories and powers. The EA characters are said to be part of the regular Marvel continuity but due to the games' poor response and the fact that they're owned by Electronic Arts, they have only appeared in the above-mentioned miniseries and may never be heard of in the Marvel Universe again. The game begins with The Thing discovering alien invaders destroying a bridge. The Thing fights his way to the end of the bridge and finds another alien that has the same strength as him. The Thing smashes him and the alien reveals they do not want the humans; they want something the humans have. The Thing fights through the city defeating every alien he can. The whole city learns of the invasion and learns that the aliens have defeated Captain America, The Punisher, and Hulk. Meanwhile, Wolverine learns of the invasion and fights through the streets. He arrives at the Avengers Mansion to find it infected with aliens. He fights his way through the mansion and finds The Wink stealing information from the Avengers computer. Wolverine fights the Wink and soon defeats her. The Wink tells Wolverine she was collecting information for her maker, and then she disappears. Wolverine travels to the bridge to find something wrong with Storm. After defeating her, Wolverine finds a mysterious alien device on her and removes it, returning her to normal. Elektra, in the Avengers Mansion, gets a call from Daredevil saying he is in trouble. She goes looking for him and finds him on the Daily Bugle building, infected. She fights Daredevil and defeats him. She takes off an alien device from the back of his neck, saving him. Niles Van Roekel is revealed to be watching everything and is disappointed about Daredevil's defeat and decides to let his Imperfects into the city. Fault Zone locates The Thing and they engage in a shaking battle in which he loses. Daredevil, no longer under the control of Roekel, fights the aliens on the rooftops. He makes his way to Grand Central Terminal. There he finds . They engage in a deadly battle, for Johnny is using an electric clock to access powerful amounts of electricity. Daredevil destroys the clock and is able to defeat Johnny. The game moves to a different story showing a girl named Maya. Roekel tells Maya that she will be the world's best and most deadly warrior ever. She begins her training by destroying different alien devices. The game goes back to Daredevil where he finds Elektra under control of the aliens. Although he was badly poisoned by her, he still defeats her and she comes to her senses. Later on the bridge, Storm fights her way to the end of the bridge. There she finds . Fault Zone creates an earthquake, and hurls rocks at Storm. But Storm still defeats her. Around the same time, the Imperfect, Brigade, engages Wolverine in battle and beats him. Venom, who stole information from the Avengers computer, makes his way out of the Mansion. He finds that he can heal himself by destroying a certain alien device. He goes to the power plant and finds , who confronts him. Solara is using the alien device to enhance her abilities and has heat tanks to heal herself. However, she is still defeated by Venom, who gains possession and control of the alien device to voluntarily infect himself after his victory. Later, Elektra finds The Wink at the power plant. They fight and The Wink walks away as the victor. Maya, now called Paragon, continues her training, fighting the same aliens the heroes are fighting. She fights her way out of the headquarters. Spider-Man sees her escaping and chases her, but she easily loses him. Spider-Man gets a call from the Human Torch saying he thinks Paragon has gone to the power plant. Spider-Man goes there and destroys many alien machines, but with Paragon not there, he leaves. He finds helicopters waiting for civilians to get on board. Spider-Man protects the helicopters during this time. Then he goes to the Daily Bugle and finds an infected Venom, where it's revealed of Venom's intention to defeat the web-slinger with the help of the alien device. The deadly battle ends with Spider-Man defeating Venom. He goes to a bridge and finds who he also defeats. Johnny Ohm later finds Spider-Man and defeats him in battle. Meanwhile, Solara, who survived Venom's attack, finds Daredevil and defeats him in a fight in the streets. The Human Torch goes to the Daily Bugle hoping to find Spider-Man, but Spider-Man is not there. He goes to Grand Central Station and kills many of the aliens. He finds the secret headquarters of the Imperfects. He finds an infected Thing and defeats him. He removes the alien device to bring him back to normal. The Human Torch goes to the power plant and sees an infected Spider-Man. The Human Torch is no match for his attacks and is beaten. Storm finds the secret headquarters and is badly beaten by an infected Wolverine. Iron Man, at the Avengers Mansion to investigate the present events, kills the aliens. He escapes and goes to the power plant. There he finds Brigade. He defeats Brigade and leaves the power plant. Outside an infected Human Torch faces off with him. He defeats him and heads back for the Avengers Mansion. There he finds Roekel in a deadly alien suit. Roekel defeats Iron Man in a high-powered battle. At Grand Central Station, Hazmat defeats Venom after a deadly battle. Magneto fights around the city and finds Paragon. He uses the alien device to control her thinking she will serve as his minion. Magneto then faces off against Hazmat who is trying to rescue Paragon. Hazmat crumbles under the pressure and is beaten by Magneto. Paragon breaks free of the device's control and defeats Magneto. She realizes that she is not evil and plans to stop Roekel. She finds him and fights him. Roekel reveals that he is an alien, that he is the man responsible for the invasion, and that he will spread the invasion. She viciously attacks Roekel and kills him by taking away his life force. She stops the invasion, and she and the other Imperfects join together to share the Earth with the heroes. Marvel Imperfects Non-Playable "Rise of the Imperfects" was the first game from a Marvel-Electronic Arts partnership formed in 2004. The partnership ended in 2006. There was a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics. The series was written by Greg Pak and drawn by Renato Arlem. It was a tie-in and prequel to the game published from July 2005 to December 2006. "Marvel Nemesis" was met with mixed to negative reception, often criticized for its poor story mode and limited multiplayer. Many complaints about the game revolved around the fact that AI opponents would chain-abuse projectile special moves, dealing significant damage to a player character, with the AI character immediately triggering the fatality upon dropping the player to low health. Aggregating review site Metacritic gave it a score of 53, based on 30 reviews. </doc> <doc id="2342965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342965" title="Human Genetics Commission"> Human Genetics Commission The Human Genetics Commission (HGC) was an advisory non-departmental public body that advised the UK government on the ethical and social aspects of genetics. This included genetic testing, cloning and other aspects of molecular medicine. The Commission was created after a review of the UK government biotechnology advisory framework in 1999. It was chaired initially by the lawyer, Baroness Helena Kennedy QC and, from 2007 to 2009, the acting chair was Sir John Sulston. From 2009, the Commission was chaired by Professor Jonathan Montgomery and comprised 21 members whose backgrounds include the law, medicine, consumer affairs, philosophy and ethics, scientific research, and clinical practice. Representatives of the Chief Medical Officers of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland also sat on the Commission. The Commission was abolished when quangos were reviewed by the newly elected government in October 2010. The Commission published its final paper in May 2012. </doc> <doc id="2342966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342966" title="Varys"> Varys Varys is a fictional character in the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation "Game of Thrones". Introduced in 1996's "A Game of Thrones", Varys is from the fictional city of Lys. He subsequently appeared in Martin's "A Clash of Kings" (1998), "A Storm of Swords" (2000) and "A Dance with Dragons" (2011). Varys is portrayed by Conleth Hill in the HBO television adaptation. Varys, also called the Spider, is a eunuch and courtier who serves as Master of Whisperers, the spymaster for the king of the Seven Kingdoms at the royal court in King's Landing. As Master of Whisperers he is on the privy council. He is feared by nobles and common people alike. He knows all of the secret passages in the royal castle and his spies are found everywhere. He is a skilled manipulator and commands a network of informants across two continents. He often puts on the public persona of being nothing more than a bald, pudgy man well suited to the pleasantries of court life; humble, obsequious, fawning, and a little effeminate. This is simply a facade that Varys has developed, which often leads those who do not know him well to underestimate him as a cheerful and vapid flatterer. In reality he is a cunning and ruthless manipulator of court politics, on par with Master of Coin Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish, with whom he frequently spars. Unlike Baelish, Varys insists that his goals are to achieve what he honestly feels is best for the realm. Varys was born as a slave in the Free City of Lys, and joined a travelling acting troupe. While the troupe was performing in Myr, a sorcerer bought a young Varys from the troupe's leader. The sorcerer drugged Varys before removing his genitals and burning them in a brazier in a blood magic ritual, afterwards casting him into the streets. Varys turned to begging, prostitution, and ultimately theft to survive, but soon became known in Myr and fled to Pentos. There he befriended a poor sellsword, Illyrio Mopatis, teaming up to steal valuables from other thieves and returning them to their owners for a fee. Varys eventually realised that there was more to gain from stealing secrets instead of valuables, and trained his spies to copy information from the wealthy and powerful. Varys and Illyrio became rich, and Varys' reputation reached the ears of the King of Westeros, Aerys II Targaryen, who appointed Varys as his Master of Whisperers. Jaime claims that Aerys saw traitors everywhere, and Varys was quick to point out any he missed. Apparently when Rhaegar intended to use a Tourney at Harrenhal to call a Great Council to deal with his father's instability, possibly dethroning him, Varys warned Aerys, meaning they attended the tourney. Sometime prior to the Sack of King's Landing, Varys had Rhaegar Targaryen's infant son Aegon swapped with a lowborn baby and smuggled to Essos to be raised in hiding by Rhaegar's friend Jon Connington, who was exiled by the Mad King for failing to defeat Robert. Varys remains Master of Whisperers after Robert Baratheon seizes the Iron Throne, but secretly remains loyal to House Targaryen. Varys is not a point of view character in the novels, so his actions are witnessed and interpreted through the eyes of other people, such as Ned Stark and Tyrion Lannister. Soon after Eddard Stark's arrival in King's Landing, Varys warns him that Robert's wife Cersei Lannister intends to kill Robert and offers his help to Eddard in investigating the Lannisters. He later meets in secret with Illyrio to discuss stalling a war between Houses Stark and Lannister until the right moment; this is overheard by Arya Stark, but she is unable to identify the men. When Robert is ultimately killed, Varys remains spymaster for his heir Joffrey, and suggests that Ser Barristan Selmy be blamed for his death. Selmy is removed from the Kingsguard and ultimately defects to Daenerys Targaryen, which may have been Varys' plan all along. Varys visits Eddard in captivity and convinces him to plead guilty to treason and join the Night's Watch in order to save the life of his daughter Sansa, also averting war between the Starks and Lannisters. Eddard goes along with the plan, but Joffrey has him executed regardless. Varys also arranges for Robert's bastard Gendry to join the Night's Watch, to avoid being killed by Cersei. Varys is the first to learn that Tyrion Lannister has brought his mistress Shae with him to King's Landing, and tells Tyrion of a route that he can use to visit her. He forms an uneasy alliance with Tyrion to share the information gathered by his spy network. Varys continues to facilitate Tyrion and Shae's trysts, but testifies against Tyrion when he is tried for Joffrey's murder. After Tyrion is sentenced to death, Jaime Lannister forces him to help Tyrion escape. As he and Tyrion escape through the secret passages of the Red Keep, Tyrion decides to seek out his father Tywin's chambers. Varys protests, but gives Tyrion the exact directions to his room. It is likely Varys took advantage of the situation to have Tywin killed, weakening a chief rival of House Targaryen. After helping Tyrion escape, Varys disappears. A Red Keep turnkey, Rugen, disappears at the same time, and a Tyrell coin is found in his chambers. This cements Cersei's distrust of House Tyrell, though she is unaware Rugen is merely a disguise of Varys. Varys sneaks into the Red Keep to kill Grand Maester Pycelle. He also lures Lord Regent Kevan Lannister into Pycelle's chambers, and mortally wounds him. As Kevan dies Varys explains that his death was necessary to destabilise the Seven Kingdoms in preparation for Aegon Targaryen's invasion, before ordering his little birds to finish Kevan off. Varys' storyline remains, for the most part, identical between the first two seasons of the show and the books. After Littlefinger's confidante Ros is severely beaten by Joffrey's guards and he fails to intervene, Varys takes her into his service as a spy. Littlefinger finds out and has her killed, taunting Varys that he could not protect her. Varys affirms his course as a means to prevent chaos befalling the realm, claiming that Littlefinger "would see the Seven Kingdoms burn, if he could be king over the ashes." Varys informs Tyrion that Cersei has discovered his relationship with Shae. Though he claims he will not lie for him, he implores Tyrion to send Shae away for her own safety. Varys later testifies against Tyrion at his trial for murdering Joffrey, but when Tyrion is convicted, Jaime enlists Varys' help in smuggling Tyrion out of King's Landing to Essos. As Varys prepares to return to the Red Keep, he hears the tolling bells, making him realise that Tyrion's escape has been discovered (along with his murder of Tywin), and he joins Tyrion on the voyage to Essos Varys and Tyrion arrive in Pentos, where he reveals his allegiance to House Targaryen and convinces Tyrion to travel with him to Meereen and aid Daenerys Targaryen in retaking the Iron Throne. While in Volantis, Tyrion is kidnapped by Daenerys' former advisor Jorah Mormont. Varys journeys on to Meereen, where he arrives to discover Tyrion in control of the city in Daenerys' absence. He offers Tyrion the use of his spy network to maintain order in the city. Varys discovers that the Meereenese insurgency the Sons of the Harpy are funded by the masters of Yunkai and Astapor and the slavers of Volantis, and brokers a meeting between Tyrion and representatives of those cities. The slavers agree a truce with Tyrion and Meereen begins to prosper. Varys departs for the Seven Kingdoms, telling Tyrion that he will seek out allies for Daenerys. His ultimate destination is Dorne, where Ellaria Sand has killed Doran Martell out of anger at his inaction against the Lannisters and seized power. There he meets with Ellaria and Olenna Tyrell, who also seeks vengeance against Cersei as her machinations have caused the death of all other Tyrells, and forms an alliance. Varys returns to Meereen with ships from Dorne and the Reach, and sets sail for Westeros with Daenerys and her army. Varys is played by Northern Irish actor Conleth Hill in the television adaption of the series of books. Author George R. R. Martin wrote on the casting of Hill as Varys, saying, "Hill, like Varys, is quite a chameleon, an actor who truly disappears inside the characters he portrays, more than capable not only of bringing the slimy, simpering eunuch to life." </doc> <doc id="2342984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342984" title="Adventure Island 3"> Adventure Island 3 Higgins can crouch, an ability he did not have in the previous NES games. However, he loses the ability to backtrack during a stage. Unlike the previous game, the boss does not move to a different stage when the player loses a life. The inventory system from the second NES game is still present, but this time he has eight items to choose from instead of just five. Higgins has a fifth dinosaur friend who can help him out: a triceratops (summoned by a star card) that can defeat enemies with his rolling attack. The other new items include a boomerang weapon that can be used as an alternative from Higgins' traditional stone axe weapon, and a crystal that provides Higgins with one hitpoint when he begins a stage. There are different variety hidden rooms as well, such as a treasure rooms where Higgins can choose a new power-up, a surfing bonus round, a room containing a crystal (with an option to continue the level or skip it), and a room with the option of skipping a boss (which will also skip the stage) or not. The Game Boy version features a password system, as well as an interactive overall map that allows the player to revisit previously completed stages to find new paths. </doc> <doc id="2342988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342988" title="Remy Hamilton"> Remy Hamilton Remy Martin Hamilton (born August 30, 1974) is a former American football kicker who played in the National Football League (NFL) and Arena Football League (AFL). In college, he was an All-American for the Michigan Wolverines football team. As a professional, he played for the Detroit Lions of the NFL in addition to exhibition and training camp experience with the Seattle Seahawks, St. Louis Rams and Chicago Bears. He also played for the Grand Rapids Rampage, Carolina Cobras, Milwaukee Mustangs, Los Angeles Avengers, and Dallas Desperados of the AFL. In the AFL, he holds records for all-time career points and single-season kick points. At Michigan, he set the current Big Ten Conference record for single-season field goals, which is 25. He ranks both first and second in school history in single-season field goals made and co-holds the school record for consecutive field goals made along with Brendan Gibbons. He is the only All-American placekicker in Michigan history. Hamilton attended Spanish River Community High School in Boca Raton, Florida, where he was a three-sport star in football, soccer, and tennis. In football, he played as a kicker, punter, defensive back, and quarterback, and as a senior, the "Sun-Sentinel" named him the Offensive Player of the Year. In his senior season, Hamilton passed for 1,147 yards and 12 touchdowns, and rushed for 249 yards and six touchdowns. Hamilton was named after the Remy Martin brand of cognac, which his parents once served as owners of a New Jersey bar. Hamilton attended the University of Michigan, where he played football from 1993 to 1996. During this first season at Michigan, he only made one field goal. After making a 47-yard field goal in his only attempt as a freshman, he lost the kicking job to Erik Lovell in spring practice. Lovell handled the kicking duties in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season opener and Hamilton did not get the starting assignment until immediately before the second game. Lovell missed an extra point in the opener, which gave Hamilton his second chance. Thus, before the second game of his sophomore season, he had not recorded any field goals that season and still had a career total of one. However, during the September 10, 1994 Michigan – Notre Dame rivalry game against third-ranked Notre Dame, he made four field goals and two extra point conversions, including the game-winning 42-yarder with two seconds remaining. Notre Dame called a timeout to ice Hamilton, but it inadvertently helped Michigan, which had prematurely packed away the kicking net on its sidelines. The field goal redeemed Hamilton for a missed tackle on a kickoff return, which he felt would have cost his team the game. For his performance, the Big Ten named him the Special Teams Player of the Week. Michigan fans still remember Hamilton for this game, and regularly congratulate him for the kick. Two games later, he had a three-field goal game in the Big Ten Conference opener against Iowa. Hamilton had another four-field goal outing later in the season against Illinois. This earned him another Player of the Week recognition. He was named to the 1994 College Football All-America and 1994 All-Big Ten teams. Hamilton was a first team All-American selection by the Walter Camp Football Foundation and second team selection by the Associated Press and the "Football News". Despite NFL alumni that include Jay Feely, Hayden Epstein and Ali Haji-Sheikh, Hamilton remains the school's only All-American placekicker. During the 1994 football season, Hamilton established the current Big Ten single-season record for successful field goals at 25, which has since been tied three times. The Big Ten was talented at the placekicker position that season, with four of the twenty semifinalists for the Lou Groza Award being from the conference (Hamilton, Illinois' Chris Richardson, Minnesota's Mike Chalberg and Northwestern's Sam Valenzisi). Hamilton won the NCAA statistical championship for field goal kickers that season. He also set Michigan's single season kick point record with 101 in 1994. During the 1995 season, one of his more important field goals for the Wolverines came in the 5–0 victory over Purdue. However, when Northwestern beat Michigan at Michigan Stadium, 19–13, for its first victory there since 1959, Hamilton missed a key 37-yard field goal. His 1995 total of 19 field goals ranked second in Michigan history, behind only his own 1994 total. Garrett Rivas tied that single-season total twice, but no one has unseated Hamilton from first and second place. He also helped the 1996 team take a 9–0 halftime lead and converted an extra point to give them a 16–0 lead in what would eventually be a loss to Northwestern, 17–16. His most notable scoring in 1996 gave Michigan essential fourth-quarter points in a 27–20 victory over Indiana. He earned his third Big Ten Special Teams Player of the Week honors following a 13–9 victory over Ohio State in the Michigan – Ohio State football rivalry game on November 23, 1996. He put the team ahead, 10–9, on the last play of the third quarter and added a key field goal with 1:19 remaining. A two-time finalist for the Lou Groza Award, Hamilton finished his career as the all-time Wolverine leader in field goals made (63) and field goals attempted (82). Before his career ended, he became the ninth Wolverine to accumulate over 200 points. Hamilton holds the Michigan record for consecutive field goals made (14) as well as outright or shared school records for single-game (5), single-season (30) and career (82) field goal attempts. His career field goals made record (63) was eclipsed by Garrett Rivas in 2006 by one. Hamilton was a three-time Big Ten All-Academic selection (1993, 1995, 1996). He was also a three-time Big Ten Conference Special Teams Player of the Week (9/12/94, 10/10/94, 11/25/96). His 14 consecutive field goals mark was one short of Vlade Janakievski's Big Ten record, which has since been broken. Hamilton's 63 career field goals were two short of Todd Gregoire's Big Ten record, which has since been broken. Hamilton joined the AFL's Grand Rapids Rampage in 1998, for which he played two seasons. During these, he had modest success as a field goal kicker connecting on 31 of 88 attempts (35.2%). In his first season, he also caught a touchdown pass. He then played in 2000 with the Carolina Cobras and in 2001 with the Milwaukee Mustangs, where he posted 11 of 42 (26.2%) and 18 of 47 (38.3%) field goal performances. While with the Cobras, Hamilton played against the Los Angeles Avengers in the first AFL game played at the Staples Center on April 20, 2000. In 2002, he joined the Avengers for which he had his best years as a professional, making at least half of his field goal attempts each season. Hamilton was second among kickers in the AFL in scoring in 2003. Following his strong performance, he signed with the NFL's Seattle Seahawks, where he competed against Josh Brown. After Brown was perfect in both four field goal and seven extra point attempts in the first three preseason games, Hamilton was released about three weeks later, and he returned to play for Los Angeles again. Hamilton was the top-scoring kicker in the AFL in 2004. In August 2004, he signed with the Chicago Bears, where he battled Paul Edinger for the kicking duties. Bears head coach Lovie Smith noted Hamilton's skill at onside kicks. In terms of distance, Hamilton had a slight edge with his average kick three yards deep in the end zone compared with Edinger's goal line average. However, Edinger was perfect on six field goals and two extra points in the first three preseason games, and Hamilton missed his only exhibition game field goal attempt, a 36-yarder on August 27. The team waived him a few days later. He was again the top-scoring kicker in the AFL in 2005. That year, he eclipsed Jay Taylor's AFL record for single-season field goal percentage, which had been 72%, with a 74.4% 29 for 39 performance. Hamilton started the season with eleven consecutive field goals, giving him a total of twelve in a row for a league record. He earned a couple of NFL tryouts. Hamilton first signed with the St. Louis Rams in July 2005 prior to training camp. He played for them during the 2005 exhibition season. He made the team's final points with a field goal in an August 12, 1995 17–13 preseason victory over the Chicago Bears. For the preseason, he made his only field goal and all six extra points. Nonetheless, the Rams decided to retain Jeff Wilkins who had been their kicker since 1997. Hamilton then signed with the Detroit Lions for their practice squad in September of the 2005 NFL season. He appeared in one NFL game for Detroit, but missed his only point after touchdown attempt, which was blocked by Alfonso Boone. He also executed a couple of kickoffs, and he made the tackle on Jerry Azumah's 33-yard return to the 37-yard line on one in the third quarter. He was activated to replace Jason Hanson who suffered a hamstring injury, which ended Hanson's consecutive games streak at 209. However, Hamilton was released later that month. Hamilton returned to the AFL for Los Angeles, and he led the AFL's kickers in scoring again in 2006. This earned Hamilton his second consecutive AFL's "Kicker of the Year" title and second consecutive First Team All-Arena League selection. His 2006-point total is 2nd in AFL history to his own 2005 total. He signed with the Rams again before training camp, and he played for them in exhibition games during 2006. He made four of six field goals (including a 48-yarder) and four of five extra points during the preseason. Again the Rams kept Wilkins. Hamilton returned to the AFL for his final season in Los Angeles. He ranked third in kicker scoring in the AFL for Los Angeles in 2007. He joined the Dallas Desperados for 2008. He spent the 2011 season with the Dallas Vigilantes. In 2012, Hamilton was assigned to the Philadelphia Soul. By the time of his assignment he was the AFL’s all-time leader in field goals made (188), extra points made (1,082) and scoring by a kicker (1,646 points). In a May 2009 article, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that, less than 15 hours after a 53–52 overtime loss to the Georgia Force at Staples Center, Hamilton's wife, Heather, delivered the couple's first child, a boy named Tate. Hamilton has served as a personal trainer for other kickers. </doc> <doc id="2342990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342990" title="Social Contract (Ontario)"> Social Contract (Ontario) The Social Contract was a 1993 initiative of the provincial Ontario New Democratic Party government of Bob Rae to impose austerity measures on civil service. The plan imposed a wage freeze and mandatory unpaid days of leave for civil servants, which became known as Rae Days. Ontario in the 1990s was in the worst economic recession since the Great Depression, with a 1993 deficit of $12 billion annually. Rae requested $2 billion in wage cuts within the civil service, and asked the public sector unions to work together with the government to implement the cuts. When Ontario's two largest unions, the Ontario Public Service Employees Union (OPSEU) and the Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE), both boycotted the talks, the government decided to enact the initiative unilaterally. The initiative was mainly based around a forced twelve days of unpaid leave for all civil service workers, including (but not limited to) teachers, nurses, and accountants. The unpaid days off quickly became known as "Rae Days" and are probably the best known aspect of the policy. The measure excluded workers who earned less than $30,000 annually. The Social Contract also re-opened collective bargaining agreements of all public unions, and froze the wages of all civil workers. The Rae Days were successful in their original aims. The government saved $1.95 billion, and prevented public employee layoffs. The initiative was incredibly unpopular, however, and the labour-allied NDP lost a majority of its union support, including Buzz Hargrove and the Canadian Auto Workers Union. Support for the provincial party fell to 6 per cent and contributed greatly to the decimation of the federal NDP in the 1993 federal election. The provincial NDP never recovered their past support by the time the 1995 election came around; the Liberal Party was initially the main beneficiary of the opposition to the Social Contract, but, ultimately, it was the Progressive Conservatives that won the election. In that campaign, the NDP was reduced from a majority to a third party, a position from which they were not able to recover from until the 2018 election. The Social Contract affected Rae during his 2006 run for leadership of the Liberal Party of Canada. </doc> <doc id="2342998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342998" title="Alauca"> Alauca Alauca () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343002" title="Danlí, El Paraíso"> Danlí, El Paraíso Danlí is a municipality and Catholic episcopal see, located approximately 92 kilometers southeast of Tegucigalpa, in the Honduran department of El Paraíso known for its production of cigars and corn (maize). The city is at an altitude of 814 meters (2,673 feet) above sea level. It had a population in 2015 of 203,109. The official flower is the "napoleón", a type of bougainvillea. The official tree is the "jiñicuado" (bursera simaruba), which is considered to be so easy to grow that a stake driven into the ground will take root. The official mammal is the howler monkey, an endangered species that inhabits the broad-leaf forests of the Apagüíz and Apapuerta mountains. The region also has pine forests. In general, pine forests are on the north-facing slopes while the broad-leaf forests are on south-facing slopes. Other fauna around Danlí include deer and several species of birds, such as the oropendula, parrot and mynah. Residents of rural areas near Danlí have reported jaguar and quetzal sightings. A landmark is the mountain of Apagüíz, which has a prominent stone outcropping near the summit and is visible from the southern parts of the city. It is also home to the notorious "Centro Penal de Danlí", a prison where the inmates are allowed to enforce their own rules. Since 2017, the city is the episcopal see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Danlí, a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tegucigalpa. </doc> <doc id="2343003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343003" title="El Paraíso, El Paraíso"> El Paraíso, El Paraíso El Paraíso () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. The town is the site of a cigar factory operated by Nestor Plasencia, in which cigars are made under a variety of labels, including that of Rocky Patel. </doc> <doc id="2343005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343005" title="Guinope"> Guinope Güinope is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. According to a 2001 census, it had 6.941 inhabitants. Founded by Esteban Rodríguez in 1747, it celebrates the "Festival of Oranges" every year since 1981. Also, in May they celebrate in honour of San Isidro Labrador. The name Güinope originates in Mexico and means "In the water of pigeons". The municipality is made up by ten villages: </doc> <doc id="2343006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343006" title="Liure"> Liure Liure is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. It is said that the name means "Free", since it wanted to express that the residents of the new town were finally emancipated of Texiguat. However, it is speculated that the name really means "Water of Feathers". It has around 14,000 inhabitants, spread over 5 villages: </doc> <doc id="2343007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343007" title="Jacaleapa"> Jacaleapa Jacaleapa is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343008" title="Morocelí"> Morocelí Morocelí () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. The town houses a cigar factory operated by Nestor Plasencia. </doc> <doc id="2343010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343010" title="San Antonio de Flores, El Paraíso"> San Antonio de Flores, El Paraíso San Antonio de Flores is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. It's a municipality located between mountains and it is close to the border with Nicaragua. </doc> <doc id="2343011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343011" title="Oropolí"> Oropolí Oropolí is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343012" title="Potrerillos, El Paraíso"> Potrerillos, El Paraíso Potrerillos is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343013" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago"> Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago (informally the Chicago Fed) is one of twelve regional Reserve Banks that, along with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the nation's central bank. The Chicago Reserve Bank serves the Seventh Federal Reserve District, which encompasses the northern portions of Illinois and Indiana, southern Wisconsin, the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, and the state of Iowa. In addition to participation in the formulation of monetary policy, each Reserve Bank supervises member banks and bank holding companies, provides financial services to depository institutions and the U.S. government, and monitors economic conditions in its District. As one of the Reserve Banks that make up the Federal Reserve System, the Chicago Fed is responsible for: Charles L. Evans is the president of the Chicago Fed. He took office on September 1, 2007 as the ninth president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Ellen Bromagen is first vice president and chief operating officer of the Chicago Fed. The Chicago Fed annually co-hosts in Chicago an international banking conference to examine cross-national banking and finance issues. The bank's Money Museum is free and open to the public year-round from 8:30am to 5pm, Monday through Friday, except on Bank holidays. All visitors must show a photo identification, walk through a metal detector and have their bags x-rayed before entering the Money Museum. No food or drink are allowed in the museum. A presentation lasting roughly 45 minutes is available at 1pm on Monday through Friday, or by appointment. The rest of the Money Museum is accessible at any time during open hours. The museum includes a free kiosk, which takes a guest's picture in front of a million dollars in $100 bills. A million dollars in $1 bills and a million dollars in $20 bills are on display. The museum has been known for giving out bags of shredded money as souvenirs. The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch is the only branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. The following people are on the board of directors . Class A directors are elected by member banks to represent member banks. Class B directors are elected by member banks to represent the public. Class C directors are appointed by the board of governors to represent the public. </doc> <doc id="2343014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343014" title="San Lucas, El Paraíso"> San Lucas, El Paraíso San Lucas is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343016" title="San Matías, Honduras"> San Matías, Honduras San Matías is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343017" title="Soledad, El Paraíso"> Soledad, El Paraíso Soledad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343018" title="Teupasenti"> Teupasenti Teupasenti () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraiso </doc> <doc id="2343019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343019" title="Trojes"> Trojes Trojes is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343020" title="Texiguat"> Texiguat Texiguat () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343021" title="Zipoetes I of Bithynia"> Zipoetes I of Bithynia Zipoetes I, also Zipoites I or Ziboetes I, possibly Tiboetes I (Greek: Zιπoίτης or Zιβoίτης (three syllables, "oe" is a diphthong); lived c. 354 BC – 278 BC, ruled c. 326 BC – 278 BC) was the second independent ruler of Bithynia. He succeeded his father Bas on the throne in about 326 BC and reigned for forty-eight years, waging successful wars with Lysimachus and Antiochus, the son of Seleucus I Nicator. In 315 BC he waged war against Astacus and Chalcedon, which failed in the face of a relief army sent by Antigonus I Monophthalmus. In 301, after Antigonus' death, he attacked again, and was victorious, but Astacus was destroyed in the war. He founded a city which was called Zipoetium (after himself) at the foot of Mount Lypedron; the exact locations of both the city and the mountain are unknown. He lived to around the age of seventy-six, and left behind him four children, the eldest of whom, Nicomedes, succeeded him. He was the first ruler of Bithyinia to assume the title of "basileus" (king), assuming this title in the year 297 BC. His successors adopted this date as the first year of the Bithynian calendar, which was used in some places as late as the 5th century AD. </doc> <doc id="2343022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343022" title="Vado Ancho"> Vado Ancho Vado Ancho () is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343024" title="Yauyupe"> Yauyupe Yauyupe is a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso. </doc> <doc id="2343026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343026" title="Social Contract (Britain)"> Social Contract (Britain) The Social Contract was a policy by the Labour government of Harold Wilson in 1970s Britain. In return for the repeal of 1971 Industrial Relations Act, food subsidies and a freeze on rent increase, the Trade Union Congress would be able to persuade its members to cooperate in a programme of voluntary wage restraint. The Social Contract aimed to avoid the difficulty of former incomes policies, allowing the employers, who in nationalised industries were the state, to treat individual groups separately in wage negotiations. There would be 12-month interval between wage settlements to prevent repeated wage demands and allow the state some level of predictability in future wage expenses, and negotiated increases in wages should be confined either to compensating for inflation since the last settlement or for anticipated future price increases before the next settlement. It was to be the foundation on which the Chancellor Denis Healey could introduce a stronger budget in order to control the high inflation and growing government spending of the era, which Edward Heath's previous government had failed to do. </doc> <doc id="2343027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343027" title="St Illtyd's Church, Llantwit Major"> St Illtyd's Church, Llantwit Major St Illtyd's Church is a church complex in Llantwit Major, Vale of Glamorgan, southeast Wales. It is located at the site of the oldest college in the United Kingdom, Cor Tewdws, which was founded c. 395 AD in honour of the Roman Emperor Theodosius I. It was refounded by St. Illtud c. 508 AD, from whom it derives its name. The current church building was built in the 11th century by the Normans, with portions being rebuilt in the 13th and 15th centuries. The church building is one of the oldest and best-known parish churches in Wales. It is a grade I listed building, or building of exceptional interest, and has been called both the "Westminster Abbey of Wales" for its unique collection of carved stones and effigies, and "the most beautiful church in Wales." The parish is currently part of the Rectorial Benefice of Llantwit Major in the Diocese of Llandaff. In 380 AD, the Roman emperor Theodosius I proclaimed Christianity to be the only legitimate religion of the Roman Empire, ending imperial support for traditional polytheistic religions and customs. A college honouring him was established at this site in the c. 395 AD. According to legend, Theodosius founded the college himself, however, there is isn't any clear evidence that Theodosius was ever actually present at the site. The college was the earliest school, former or extant, in all of Great Britain, and has even been called "the oldest college in the world." It was founded during the twilight of the Roman occupation of Britain, and after the withdrawal of the Roman legions c. 409 – 410 AD, Britain was raided by the Irish, Scots, and Picts, who sacked villages and monasteries, and carried off the inhabitants as slaves. The College of Theodosius was reputedly burnt to the ground by Irish pirates in 446 AD, and was abandoned. Some sources claim that St. Patrick was kidnapped from the college when it was sacked, though this is probably a later fabrication that may be attributed to Iolo Morganwg, as the original source for this information comes from the disputed "Iolo MSS". Further, as A. C. Fryer points out, St. Patrick's states that he was only 16 when he was kidnapped, making him too young to be a principal at the college. The site of the college lay barren for 62 years, until it was re-established by St. Illtud c. 508. According to the "Book of Llandaff", St. Dubricius commissioned Illtud to re-establish the college, and the place came to be known as "Llanilltud Fawr", meaning "Illtud's Great Church" (Welsh: "llan", church enclosure + "Illtud" + "mawr", great). The school came to be known in Welsh by a variety of different names, including "Bangor Tewdws" (College of Theodosius), or later "Bangor Illtyd" ("Illtyd's college"). This college was most likely built of wood or wattle and daub. According to tradition, the college became very successful, and a number of Celtic saints studied there, including Saint David, Saint Samson, Saint Paul Aurelian, Gildas the Historian, Saint Tudwal, Saint Baglan and king Maelgwn Gwynedd. At one time, the college was said to have seven halls and over 2000 students, though the main source for these numbers comes from the "Iolo MSS", manuscript which may have been forged by Iolo Morganwg. The ruins of the school are believed to be in a garden on the north side of the churchyard, and the monastery was situated north of the tithe barn on Hill Head. The college is believed to have been attacked by the Danes in 987, but it was the Normans who brought the greatest change to the college. In the 11th century, Glamorgan was conquered by Robert Fitzhamon. Fitzhamon was a Norman noble, and it is thought that he attacked Glamorgam by sea c. 1080, conquering it and bringing it under the power of the Marcher Lords. During the conquest, the wooden college and church were destroyed, and its endowments were transferred to newly established Tewkesbury Abbey, Fitzhamon's personal project. For a while, the church even lost its right of sanctuary, which was not restored until 1150 by the Bishop of Llandaff. The Normans eventually rebuilt a parish church on the ruins of the old college c. 1100, but the college was greatly diminished in size and importance. In the 13th century, the parish church underwent major renovations: A low tower was added to the east end, and a second chapel was built adjoining the first one, sharing a wall in the center of the church. The old western chapel continued to be used as a parish church, but the new eastern chapel was used by the monastic community. Later in the century, an extensive grange or farm was established on land to the west of the church. The newer church was built by Richard Neville. Around 1400, the East monastic church was extended with side aisles, and the roof and tower were raised to their current heights. The church was also fitted with new roof, made of fine, Irish bog oak, and the church was fitted with a number of different murals and carvings. A chantry, now known as the Galilee chapel, was also endowed by Sir Hugh Raglan as an extension to the West chapel. In the 16th century, during the dissolution of the monasteries, the monastic community was disbanded, and the East chapel was adopted as the parish church. During the dissolution and the later Puritan period, the medieval grange declined, and the interior church fell into disrepair, and many of the murals and statues were destroyed. The West chapel fell into disuse, and served mainly as a repository for church artifacts. It wasn't restored or put back into regular use until the beginning of the 20th century. The elongated church () is a conglomeration of distinct buildings, and is divided into two areas by a wall: the east chapel, a 13th-century monastery church, and the west chapel, a Norman parish church. The grounds also include a 13th-century gatehouse, a monks' pigeon-house, ruined walls in a garden area, and mounds near the vicarage. The West chapel church is a lady chapel, and was built in the Romanesque style popular with the Normans in the 12th century. It was a simple cruciform church, and there is considerable evidence that it was built on the foundation of an earlier church that might have dated from St. Illtud's period. It was intended to be used as a parish church, and it is the oldest standing portion of St. Illtyd's Church. This portion of the church was particularly neglected after the dissolution of the monasteries, and wasn't restored until the early years of the 20th century. The church contains a curfew bell and medieval priest effigies. There is also an inscription to King Rhys ap Arthfael of Morgannwg who died in the mid-9th century. The West chapel is still used for worship, and is also a depository for many historical artifacts. Architectural features of East church include squints (hagioscopes), stone benches, a carved stone reredos, and roof level markings on the tower, which tell the story of development in the East church. Other features of interest in the East chapel are the medieval wall paintings, which include the Royal Standard of King James c. 1604, St. Christopher (c.1400) and those of Mary Magdalene and the Virgin Mary on the walls of the Chancel. The Galilee chapel was built on the western end of the West chapel during the 13th century, and was positioned near the sacristy, where the vestments and church plate were stored. Though its original purpose is unknown, it was endowed as a chantry by Sir Hugh Raglan in around 1470–80. When Parliament abolished chantries during the reign of Edward VI, the Galilee chapel fell into a ruined state for many centuries. In 2013, after two years of fundraising, the Galilee Project successfully raised funds to reconstruct the chapel and bring it back into use as a visitor's centre and exhibition centre for the Celtic crosses. The chapel was rededicated and reopened in November, 2013. After the dissolution of the chantries during the reformation, the Galilee chapel fell into disrepair, and was in ruins for nearly 400 years. It wasn't until 1963 that the then vicar began thinking about the possibility of refurbishing the building. In 2006, A committee was formed for the purpose of advancing the rebuilding of the chapel as a space dedicated to displaying the Celtic stones and telling the story of Christianity as it developed at the site. An initial grant of ₤37,500 was awarded to the project in March, 2009 by the Heritage Lottery Fund, and was used to commission Davies Sutton Architects to drawn up architectural plans for the renovation. The "Galilee Project" website was launched the following September, with information about the chapel, its history, and the proposed renovations. The project was also presented to the Llantwit Major community during the St. Illtud's Day Festival Weekend on 7 November 2009, with presentations by Davies Sutton Architects, games, and contests. In December 2010, the project was awarded a nearly ₤300,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund for the purpose of refurbishing the chapel. Throughout 2011, the project focused on raising additional funds and also held a series of lectures on the history of the site. In April, 2012, sufficient funding was secured to begin building on the project, and work was begun the following September. Archeological excavations were conducted simultaneously with renovations, and in November they were surprised to find 8 complete skeletons in and around the chapel. As the chapel was being renovated, the Celtic stones were cleaned and prepared for their move to their new home in the chapel. In October, they made the short journey from the West Chapel to Galilee exhibition space. After 400 years of ruin, the restored chapel was opened on 2 November 2013. The West Church was packed with visitors awaiting the moment when the doors would be opened to the Galilee Chapel. The opening ceremony was marked by a speech and prayer from the Reverend Huw Butler, and the red ribbon was cut by Llantwit’s oldest resident, 94-year-old Gladys Kilby, in the presence of the youngest member of the community, Violet, just one day old! And art and music festival was also held, and the following day the chapel was rededicated at a service presided over by Dr. Barry Morgan, Archbishop of Wales; Phillip Morris, Archdeacon of Margam; Huw Butler, Rector of Llantwit Major; and John Webber, former Rector of Llantwit Major. A sermon was preached by Phillip Morris, and that evening a Songs of Praise service was held, featuring the soloist Charlotte Ellet from the Welsh National Opera. The total cost of the project was nearly £850,000. Contributions came from the Heritage Lottery Fund, The Vale of Glamorgan Council which awarded the project ₤70,000 from the ‘Pride in Our Heritage’ Grant, church fundraising, and a number of individual private donors, the "Friends of St. Illtud's. Notable supported include the Rt Revd Dr Barry Morgan Archbishop of Wales; the Most Revd Dr Rowan Williams, former Archbishop of Canterbury, Professor John Davies author and Welsh historian; Jane Hutt and Andrew R. T. Davies, Welsh AMs; The current and former Lord Lieutenants of South Glamorgan, Dr Peter Beck and Captain Sir Norman Lloyd-Edwards; The Mayor of Llantwit Major; The Mayor of the Vale of Glamorgan; the Abbots of Belmont and Downside Abbey; Dr. Madeline Grey, Senior Lecturer in History, University of South Wales; Dr David Petts, Dept of Archaeology, Durham; and Dr Jonathan Wooding, Director, Centre for the Study of religion in Celtic Societies, Lampeter. Because the chapel was in ruins for nearly 400 years of its life, the architectural team responsible for its renovation felt that this "ruined" state formed a significant portion of its life, and should not be ignored in the proposed renovations. The renovations were designed to retain the character of a ruin in the finished building, by retaining all existing walls and architectural details, and constructing new features in such a way that they touched the existing structure "very lightly." Further, all new work was designed to be totally reversible, and not historic fabric was damaged in the process of developing the project. The redesign also made the site wheelchair accessible, with a permanent wooden ramp covering the steps to the entrance, and a disabled toilet located within the chapel. The new roof is supported by a central timber frame, and second mezzanine floor was constructed housing offices. The mezzanine floor does not completely fill the space, but stop short of the west gable to a loft display space for the Celtic stones. On the lower floor, a space was constructed to display the Celtic stones and modern bathroom were installed, and the former sacristy building was fitted with a tea making station. The upper floor of the sacristy serves as an archive and research space. The display space for the stones is fitted with simple, striking materials – the floor is polished limestone, and the walls are a simple limewashed white, providing a minimalist background to contrast with the rugged grey Celtic stones. The renovation of the site employed a number of local contractors and artisans, including Corinthian Stone Masonry, which was responsible for working with the existing stone walls; Veon Glass designed and produced the many frameless glass windows and doors within the chapel, including the innovative windows fitted into the crumbling walls of the chapel. One of the purposes of the renovation was to make a new home for the parish's ancient Celtic stones. These stones date from the 9th and 10th centuries, and had previously been housed in the West church. They had previously been located within the main church, some in the churchyard, and some even in private gardens in the town. They were brought into the church for protection during the renovations of the late 19th century. The Houelt Cross is a striking example of a Celtic wheel cross. It features beautiful interlacing carvings, and commemorates Houelt ap Rhys (Hywel ap Rhys), ruler of Glywysing (Glamorgan) in the 9th century. Its inscription reads: (I)N NOMINE D(E)I PATRIS ET (S)PERETUS SANTDI ANC (C)RUCEM HOUELT PROPE(R)ABIT PRO ANIMA RES P(ATR)ES EUS, or,""In the name of God the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit. Houelt prepared this cross for the soul of Res his father.""" The Sampson Cross is 2.15 meters high, and was probably once capped by a wheel cross, which is now missing. It is inscribed on the west and east faces. The West inscription reads: +SAMSON POSUIT HANC CRUCEM + PRO ANIMA EIUS +, or, ""Samson placed his cross for his soul."" The east face reads: + ILTUTI SAMSON REGIS SAMUEL + EBISAR +, or, ""(For the soul of) Illtud, Samson the King, Samuel Ebisar."" This cross originally lay in the churchyard near the path on the north side of the church. When it was raised to bring it indoors, two skeletons were found beneath it. The Sampson Pillar, sometimes known as the "King's Stone," is 2.75 meters high and badly eroded, but once bore an inscription bearing the name of Sampson the Abbot (identity unknown), Artmail (another abbot) and Ithel, a 9th-century king of Gwent. Its inscription reads: IN NOMINE DI SUMMI INCIPIT CRUX SALVATORIS QUAE PREPARAVIT SAMSONI ABATI PRO ANIMA SUA ET PRO ANIMA *IUTHAHELO REX ET ARTMAIL ET TECAN, or ""In the name of the most high God begins the cross of the Saviour which Samson the Abbot prepared for his soul, and for the soul of Iuthahelo the King and of Artmail and of Tecan."" Iuthahelo is thought to be Ithel, a king of Gwent who died in 846. This stone has a curious legendary story attached to it, in that while it made its home in the churchyard, a giant's grave was dug next to the stone. The "giant" was a 7 ft, 7in youth known as "Will the Giant." The stone fell into the grave, nearly killing some mourners, and when it was deemed too heavy to remove, it was buried in the grave with the giant. The stone was rediscovered by Iolo Morganwg in 1789, when it was excavated and removed from the grave. The stones were restored by stone conservator Corinne Evans, who used a combination of steam cleaning and chemical poultices to remove over 1000 years worth of marks left by time, weather, and human impact. Some areas of the stone had deposits of "fine paint splashes" that required scalpel work to be removed. As the Galilee Project neared completion and the Celtic stones were moved to their new home in the Galilee Chapel, a "Phase II" project was proposed for the improvement and renovation of the newly cleared West chapel. Proposed improvements include new flooring, heating, lighting, and storage facilities. The proposed refurbishment would make the West chapel more accessible to the Llantwit Major community, and provide a space for meetings, workshops, performances, and exhibitions. </doc> <doc id="2343029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343029" title="American Beverage Institute"> American Beverage Institute The American Beverage Institute is a trade group based in Washington, D.C. that lobbies on alcoholic drink related issues on behalf of the restaurant industry. It describes itself as "dedicated to protecting the on-premises dining experience - which often includes the responsible consumption of adult beverages." ABI was set up in 1991 by Richard Berman, executive director of the public affairs firm Berman and Company. The group sometimes sends letters or columns to newspapers arguing that laws that have been adopted to fight drunk driving are ineffective or inappropriate. It supports a targeted approach to combating drunk driving that includes the use of roving patrols instead of sobriety checkpoints, and restricting use of ignition interlock technology to high blood alcohol concentration (BAC) and repeat drunk drivers. Sarah Longwell, ABI's managing director, argues in the Tampa Tribune that judges should be involved in the decision as to whether or not a low-BAC, first-time offender should have an interlock installed in his or her car. In 2013, ABI announced its opposition to the National Transportation Safety Board's proposal to persuade states to lower the blood alcohol limit, citing the fact that lowering the limit is not among the most effective ways to stop drunken drivers. Since then, ABI has continued to fight .05 laws in states where they are introduced. The most aggressive campaign against .05 legislation launched by ABI occurred in Utah during 2017 and 2018. On top of penning op-eds critical of a lower legal limit for driving, the group also ran an advertisement titled "Utah: Come for Vacation, Leave on Probation." Utah’s .05 law goes into effect at the end of 2018. In 1994, Mothers Against Drunk Driving founder, Candy Lightner, joined the American Beverage Institute. She said she supported laws punishing repeat offenders and those who drove after imbibing large amounts of alcohol, but not steadily reducing thresholds for breath tests which progressively lower amounts of social drinking. In 2010, Lightner wrote a letter to an ABI executive thanking him for his continued support working "on legislation that would increase punishment for drivers who drive with a higher blood [alcohol] content." In 2013, Lightner opposed the lowering of the blood alcohol limit, opposing the National Transportation Safety Board's efforts to persuade states to do so. </doc> <doc id="2343035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343035" title="Combe Incorporated"> Combe Incorporated Combe Incorporated, based in White Plains, New York, is an American privately owned personal-care company founded in 1949 by Ivan Combe. Combe products are sold in 64 countries on six continents. Ivan Combe primarily promotes the brand names instead of the company name. Combe owns the brands Just for Men, Sea-Bond, Vagisil, and Grecian Formula. Combe was the originator of the Clearasil brand but sold the rights to it in 1961 to Richardson-Vicks. In October 2002, Combe acquired J.B. Williams, thereby adding such longtime names as Brylcreem, Aqua Velva and Cepacol to its brand stable. In January 2011, Combe sold its cough remedy and skin care business to Reckitt Benckiser, and its foot care business (including Odor-Eaters) to Blistex. </doc> <doc id="2343037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343037" title="Blazing Stewardesses"> Blazing Stewardesses Blazing Stewardesses is a 1975 American sex comedy film, directed by Al Adamson. Its title derives from the 1975 film "The Naughty Stewardesses" and the 1974 film "Blazing Saddles". Producer Sam Sherman intended the film to be a fond throwback to B-pictures of the 1940s, and hired a cast of screen veterans: The Ritz Brothers, Yvonne De Carlo, Don "Red" Barry, and Bob Livingston. Originally, the film was to have starred the then-current incarnation of The Three Stooges, but last surviving original Stooge Moe Howard was too ill to perform, which led to the Ritz Brothers being brought in as replacements for the March 1975 filming; Moe Howard died in early May 1975. There is some "T&A" content (DeCarlo's character runs a brothel) but nothing explicit, and the film mostly resembles a vintage western, complete with dude-ranch setting, outlaw hijackers, stunt riders, masked cowboy hero, and rodeo footage (intercut with shots of Harry and Jimmy Ritz kibbitzing in the stands). Because of the western theme, the working title "The Jet Set" was changed to "Blazing Stewardesses" to capitalize on the box-office hit "Blazing Saddles". The film was later re-released under at least three alternate titles: "Texas Layover," "Cathouse Cowgirls," and "The Great Truck Robbery". </doc> <doc id="2343040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343040" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta"> Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, (informally referred to as the Atlanta Fed and the Bank), is the sixth district of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks of the United States and is headquartered in midtown Atlanta, Georgia. The Atlanta Fed covers the U.S. states of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia, the eastern two-thirds of Tennessee, the southern portion of Louisiana, and southern Mississippi as part of the Federal Reserve System. Along with its Atlanta headquarters, the Banks operates five branches with the sixth district, which are located in Birmingham, Jacksonville, Miami, Nashville, and New Orleans. These branches provide cash to banks, savings and loans, and other depository institutions; transfer money electronically; and clear millions of checks. In addition to supporting the U.S. financial system, the Atlanta Fed carries out the supervision and regulation of the banks operating within the sixth district. It also is a source of research and expertise for public and private decision makers within the district. In recent years, researchers within the Atlanta Fed have innovated new tools to gauge the health of the macro U.S. economy, the two most notable are GDPNow and Wage Growth Tracker. The Atlanta Fed is currently led by Dr. Raphael Bostic, who was appointed in 2017 and is member of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), the committee that makes key decisions about interest rates and the growth of the United States money supply. The Atlanta Fed's footprint covers the southeastern U.S., including the states of Alabama, Florida, and Georgia, 74 counties in the eastern two-thirds of Tennessee, 38 parishes of southern Louisiana, and 43 counties of southern Mississippi as part of the Federal Reserve System. The Atlanta Fed, along with the other 11 regional district banks, has three primary functions: assisting with monetary policy, operation of nationwide payment system, and administering bank supervision and regulation. Its job is to decide the interest rates, and the president meets with other bank presidents and board members. The bank's board of directors makes recommendations on the levels of discount rates. Secondarily, the Atlanta Fed is a source of research and expertise for public and private decision makers within the district. Researchers within the Atlanta Fed have innovated new tools to gauge the health of the macro U.S. economy, the two most notable are GDPNow Wage Growth Tracker. The Atlanta Fed's GDPNow, which is a "nowcasting" model for gross domestic product (GDP) growth that synthesizes the related GDP subcomponents with monthly source data prior to the formal GDP release by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, is widely followed by financial markets. The Wage Growth Tracker is a measure of the nominal wage growth of individuals, using microdata from the Current Population Survey (CPS) from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The Bank is governed by a Board of Directors, which is drawn from the sixth district's business community, banks, and labor and consumer organizations, and makes recommendations every two weeks on the level of the discount rate, which is the rate at which the Bank lends to commercial banks. The Bank's staff is led by Dr. Raphael Bostic, who was appointed in 2017 and is member of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC). With the appointment of President Bostic in 2017, there have been 15 chief executive officers of the Atlanta Fed. The title of Reserve Bank chief executive officer was changed to president by the Banking Act of 1935. The following people are on the board of directors : All terms expire on December 31. Since 2001, the Atlanta Fed has been located at 1000 Peachtree Street NE in Midtown Atlanta. Prior to 2001, the bank was located in downtown Atlanta at 104 Marietta Street NW, which is now the home of the State Bar of Georgia. </doc> <doc id="2343045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343045" title="Optical storage"> Optical storage Optical storage is the storage of data on an optically readable medium. Data is recorded by making marks in a pattern that can be read back with the aid of light, usually a beam of laser light precisely focused on a spinning optical disc. An older example of optical storage that does not require the use of computers, is microform. There are other means of optically storing data and new methods are in development. An optical disc drive is a device in a computer that can read CD-ROMs or other optical discs, such as DVDs and Blu-ray discs. Optical storage differs from other data storage techniques that make use of other technologies such as magnetism, such as floppy disks and hard disks, or semiconductors, such as flash memory and RAM. Optical storage can range from a single drive reading a single CD-ROM to multiple drives reading multiple discs such as an optical jukebox. Single CDs (compact discs) can hold around 700 MB (megabytes) and optical jukeboxes can hold much more. Single-layer DVDs can hold 4.7 GB, while dual-layered can hold 8.5 GB. This can be doubled to 9.4 GB and 17 GB by making the DVDs double sided, with readable surfaces on both sides of the disc. HD DVDs were able to store 15 GB with a single-layer and 30 GB with a dual-layer. Blu-ray discs, which won the HDTV optical format war by defeating HD DVDs, can hold 25 GB for single-layer, 50 GB for dual-layer and up to 128 GB for quad-layer discs. </doc> <doc id="2343047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343047" title="If Looks Could Kill, I'd Watch You Die"> If Looks Could Kill, I'd Watch You Die If Looks Could Kill I'd Watch You Die was Death By Stereo's first release, released in 1999 under Indecision Records. It is highly acclaimed in the hardcore community for its originality and raw sound, tight drumming, lightning fast guitars and tempo changes. This album is centred on the drums, much more so than their other releases. The introductory track is a sound-bite from the film The Lost Boys, of which the band's name is also derived. </doc> <doc id="2343054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343054" title="NHS National Services Scotland"> NHS National Services Scotland NHS National Services Scotland (NSS) is a Non Departmental Public Body which provides advice and services to the rest of NHS Scotland. Accountable to the Scottish Government, NSS works at the heart of the health service, providing national strategic support services and expert advice to NHS Scotland. It also plays an active and crucial role in the delivery of effective healthcare to patients and the public. This supporting role to NHS Scotland means the organisation works closely with other NHS organisations, especially NHS Boards, in the delivery of services. Health Support services enable NHS Boards to focus on delivering health improvement and patient care. Business Support services help NHS Boards to operate more efficiently and effectively. National Services Scotland (NSS) is the common name for the Common Services Agency for NHS Scotland. NSS employs around 3,600 highly specialised staff based at locations in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Inverness, Dundee and Livingston. Service are organised into six Strategic Business Units, after previously being made up of a number of divisions: This organisational restructuring into a smaller number of strategic business units was completed during 2013/14. The Scottish Wide Area Network (SWAN) is a single public services network available for public service organisations within Scotland. NSS have a central role in creating this. In September 2014 Storm ID were appointed for a 4-year term to provide the framework for IT Specialist Services. The National Procurement division operates a fleet of trucks which are based at the National Distribution Centre at Canderside in Lanarkshire. In 2009 the 28 trucks made around 15,000 deliveries to hospitals across Scotland. The contracts that National Procurement has in place were worth £700 million. </doc> <doc id="2343056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343056" title="Gustave Bouvet"> Gustave Bouvet Gustave Charles Bouvet () was a French anarchist (born 4 December 1898, Angers. Died 11 october 1984, Lagny-sur-Marne) who unsuccessfully tried to assassinate Alexandre Millerand, the President of France. Bouvet was raised by priests in Antwerp, and returned at 14 years of age to Paris to live with his parents. He served as the secretary for the Fédération Anarchiste and was founder of the "Journal des Jeunesses Communistes", of which he became secretary and director. In 1921, he was sentenced to a year in prison for publishing anarchist propaganda. In April 1922, Bouvet was released from prison and took up residence on the Rue des Panoyaux. On 14 July 1922, Bouvet made an attempt to assassinate President Alexandre Millerand. Millerand and other dignitaries were traveling in a procession of three carriages along the Champs-Élysées after returning from a Bastille Day military review. When the procession reached the corner of the Avenue Marigny at about 11:05, Bouvet drew a revolver from his pocket and fired two shots at the second car, which he mistakenly believed the President was riding in. Both shots went wide, apparently due to a bystander who grabbed Bouvet's arm before he was able to aim. Bouvet dropped the revolver in the ensuing struggle and attempted to run. A police cyclist who was accompanying the procession hurled his bicycle at Bouvet which caused him to fall. The crowd immediately attacked Bouvet and threatened to lynch him. The police, however, were able to pull Bouvet from the crowd and place him under arrest. Bouvet was found to be carrying another revolver and 25 cartridges in his pockets. Upon interrogation, he declared that he intended to shoot the President "in order to make an example." He later retracted this, however, saying that he did not wish to kill anyone and that he wanted only to "make a demonstration that would attract attention to the condition of the proletariat." Bouvet was 23 years old at the time of the attempted assassination. </doc> <doc id="2343081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343081" title="Fred Karlsson"> Fred Karlsson Fred Göran Karlsson (born February 17, 1946 in Turku) is a professor emeritus of general linguistics at the University of Helsinki. In computational linguistics Karlsson has designed a language-independent formalism called Constraint Grammar. It makes possible the automatic morphological disambiguation and syntactic analysis of ordinary running text that has been supplied with all theoretically possible morphological and syntactic interpretations. The basic original reference is Karlsson (1990) which defines Constraint Grammar. Karlsson has also worked on the history of linguistics, where his main contribution is participation in a book by Even Hovdhaugen, Fred Karlsson, Carol Henriksen, and Bengt Sigurd, "The History of Linguistics in the Nordic Countries", Societas Scientiarum Fennica, Jyväskylä 2000. Although Karlsson is a Swedish-speaking Finn, his knowledge of his second native language Finnish is exceptionally good, and he is widely considered a de facto authority on the language's rules. His work on the language (e.g. Finnish: An Essential Grammar, Karlsson (2004), originally published in 1983 and republished in 1999) has been used in various Finnish translations of open source projects. </doc> <doc id="2343089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343089" title="Appalachian Trail Conservancy"> Appalachian Trail Conservancy The Appalachian Trail Conservancy (ATC) (formerly Appalachian Trail Conference) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the conservation of the Appalachian Trail, a route in the eastern United States that runs from Maine to Georgia. Founded in 1925, the ATC works to protect the trail's , 250,000 acre (1,000 km²) greenway, and coordinates the work of some thirty hiking clubs performing trail maintenance. The ATC is headquartered in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. The Appalachian Trail was originally conceived by forester Benton MacKaye who envisioned a grand trail that would connect a series of farms and wilderness work/study camps for city-dwellers. In 1922, at the suggestion of Major William A. Welch, director of the Palisades Interstate Park Commission, MacKaye's plan was publicized by Raymond H. Torrey with a story in the "New York Evening Post" under a full page banner headline reading "A Great Trail from Maine to Georgia!"; the idea was quickly adopted by the new Palisades Interstate Park Trail Conference as their main project, and on January 4, 1924, the first twenty-mile (32 km) stretch from the Hudson to the Ramapo Rivers was complete. The entire trail was completed in 1937. The ATC was formed in Washington, DC on March 2 and 3, 1925, with Major Welch as chairman and Torrey as treasurer. In 1927, Welch was replaced by Judge Arthur Perkins and in 1928, J.A. Allis became Treasurer. In 1929, Perkins recruited Ned Anderson to blaze the Connecticut leg of the trail. This section is a 50-mile stretch through the northwest corner of the state from Dog Tail Corners in Webatuck, NY to Bear Mountain at the Massachusetts border. Anderson worked dually as a section manager for both Connecticut Forest & Park Association and the ATC. With his volunteers, he continued to maintain the trail until his retirement in 1948. Today, the trail is maintained by the Appalachian Mountain Club. The ATC is committed not only to trail maintenance and protection, but to education, science and awareness as well. The trail’s size, uniqueness and the environmental effects of it and on it can provide valuable insights and advances for science and ecology. The ATC currently has a MEGA-Transect scientific study underway, which will use data collected (species of flora, fauna, wildlife, weather/climate effects and more) to provide critical information toward preservation on a global scale. The Conservancy strives to heighten awareness via the “ATC’s Community Recognition Program” or “Trail Towns” program that recognizes and highlights the communities through which the trail’s 2,000 miles run. As well, the ATC’s “A Trail To Every Classroom” is a school program that utilized the trail to teach students about conservation, preservation, earth science and ecology. Because The ATC Headquarters in Harpers Ferry is located roughly at the halfway point for the Appalachian Trail, a photograph at ATC headquarters is a standard ritual for those hikers intending to walk the entire path. One of the functions of the ATC, as the lead organization in managing and protecting the A.T., is to maintain the official 2,000-miler registry of all those who have completed the A.T. Another, less official function, is the documentation of hikers who reach the halfway point. These hikers, whether hiking Northbound, Southbound, or Section hiking (completing portions in multiple trips) almost universally stop by the ATC headquarters for a few minutes. Having a simple Polaroid under the ATC sign after hiking 1,000 miles is a milestone anticipated by many hikers. The pictures are signed and numbered in the order the hikers arrive. Although hikers are not entered into the official 2,000-miler registry until completing the full Appalachian Trail, the ritual is nonetheless a memorable recognition of their progress. </doc> <doc id="2343096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343096" title="Alubarén"> Alubarén Alubarén is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343097" title="Cedros, Francisco Morazán"> Cedros, Francisco Morazán Cedros () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. It is located 77 kilometers (paved road) from Tegucigalpa in an area of rolling hills with tropical pine forests. </doc> <doc id="2343098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343098" title="Curarén"> Curarén Curarén is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343102" title="El Porvenir, Francisco Morazán"> El Porvenir, Francisco Morazán El Porvenir is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343103" title="Guaimaca"> Guaimaca Guaimaca is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343105" title="La Libertad, Francisco Morazán"> La Libertad, Francisco Morazán La Libertad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343107" title="La Venta, Francisco Morazán"> La Venta, Francisco Morazán La Venta (or La Venta del Sur) is a municipality in the south of the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. It is approximately 52 km from the national capital, Tegucigalpa, and lies just off the Pan-American Highway. The town has valuable forestry assets, and the main form of employment locally is agriculture, particularly of plums and other soft fruits. </doc> <doc id="2343108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343108" title="Lepaterique"> Lepaterique Lepaterique is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. A military base located in Lepaterique was used during the 1980s by the Contras and by the Argentine 601 Intelligence Battalion, which was involved in Operation Condor. In August 2005, Honduran media revealed that Triple Canopy, Inc., a private military contractor, was using the base to train mercenaries before they were sent on mission in Iraq. </doc> <doc id="2343109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343109" title="Maraita"> Maraita Maraita () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343110" title="Marale"> Marale Marale is a municipality in the department of Francisco Morazán, Honduras. Marale is bordered on the north by the municipality of Yoro, south by the municipalities of El Porvenir and San Ignacio, to the east by the municipalities of Mangulile, Yocón and Orica, and west by the municipalities of Sulaco, Yorito and San José del Potrero. It is surrounded by several ranges of hills, known as El Portillo, La Loma de la Cruz and Mud Loma. Marale was founded in 1820, and in 1889 became one of the municipalities of the Cedros District. The municipality of Marale encompasses the following eleven villages: The main source of livelihood in the parish is agriculture, especially the production of corn and beans. The parish is mainly Roman Catholic. The new year is marked with the celebration of La Feria, in honour of Cristo negro (Black Christ). </doc> <doc id="2343112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343112" title="Nueva Armenia"> Nueva Armenia Nueva Armenia () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343113" title="Ojojona"> Ojojona Ojojona is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán, located 34 km south of Tegucigalpa. It was founded in 1579 by Spanish miners who worked the silver and gold mines of the area. Notable natives include the painter Pablo Zelaya Sierra. The municipality has borders at north with the Central District, at south with the municipality of Reitoca and Sabanagrande, at the east with the municipalities of Santa Ana and Sabanagrande and at west with the municipalities of Reitoca and Lepaterique. It is situated in a small plateau in one of the hills of Cerro de Hule, at the base of the Payaguagre mountain. The municipality has 12 recognized villages: </doc> <doc id="2343114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343114" title="Orica, Francisco Morazán"> Orica, Francisco Morazán Orica is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343116" title="Piet Hein Donner"> Piet Hein Donner Jan Pieter Hendrik "Piet Hein" Donner (born 20 October 1948) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served Vice-President of the Council of State from 1 February 2012 until 1 November 2018 and currently serves as a distinguished professor holding the Cleveringa-Chair for Law, Freedom and Responsibility at the Leiden University since 1 September 2015. Donner a jurist by occupation, worked as a civil servant for the Ministry of Economic Affairs from 1976 until 1981 and for the House of Representatives from 1981 until 1984 and for the Ministry of Justice from 1984 until 1990 when he became a Member of the Scientific Council for Government Policy. Donner served as Director of the Scientific Council for Government Policy from 1 January 1993 until 22 December 1997 when he became a Member of the Council of State. After the election of 2002 Donner was asked to become informateur for the next cabinet. After a cabinet formation with the Christian Democratic Appeal, the Pim Fortuyn List (LPF) and the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) a deal was struck that resulted in the Cabinet Balkenende I. Donner was asked to become Minister of Justice in the Cabinet, Donner accepted and resigned as a Member of the Council of State the same day he took office as the new Minister of Justice on 22 July 2002. Donner remained Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Balkenende II following the election of 2003. On 21 September 2006 Donner and Minister of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment Sybilla Dekker resigned in the wake of a Dutch Safety Board inquiry into a fire at a cell block near Schiphol Airport. Donner was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 2006 taking office on 30 November 2006. After the cabinet formation of the Cabinet Balkenende IV Donner was asked to become Minister of Social Affairs and Employment and resigned as a Member of the House of Representatives the same day he took office as the new Minister of Social Affairs and Employment on 22 February 2007. After the election of 2010 the cabinet formation resulted in the forming of the Cabinet Rutte I Donner was asked to become Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations and took office on 14 October 2010. On 16 December 2011 Donner was nominated as the new Vice-President of the Council of State and resigned the same day, he took office on 1 February 2012. He retired from the Council of State at the end of October 2018. The Donner family has produced a number of Calvinist judges. Piet Hein Donner's father, André Donner, was a judge at the European Court of Justice in 1958-1979 and was part of the government commission that looked into Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld's dealing with the Lockheed Corporation. His grandfather was Jan Donner, who served as Minister of Justice for the Anti-Revolutionary Party in the first cabinet of Dirk Jan de Geer and was later president of the Dutch Supreme Court. His uncle Jan Hein Donner, however, was a chess grandmaster and author. Piet Hein Donner studied Law at the Free University of Amsterdam, obtaining a degree in 1974. During his study, he joined the student society L.A.N.X. in 1968. In 2006, Piet Hein Donner recorded a rap song together with Meester G to explain his point of view on the Dutch soft-drug policy. It was a reply to a song by Gerd Leers, Mayor of Maastricht, (with punk band Heideroosjes), which called for a more progressive policy which would not only regulate the selling of soft drugs, but also legalise their production. On 13 September 2006, Donner was the subject of controversy when he suggested Islamic law could be established in the Netherlands by democratic means. He responded by a clarification that he was not advocating such a scenario but warning against it. That same month, a report of the investigative commission into a fire at Schiphol Airport jail was released, condemning Dutch government officials. Donner, as responsible justice minister, resigned in aftermath of the report's conclusions. His successor was Ernst Hirsch Ballin, who had been justice minister in the third Lubbers cabinet. Four months later, Donner was appointed Minister of Social Affairs and Employment in the new Cabinet, Balkenende IV. </doc> <doc id="2343117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343117" title="Holme Fell"> Holme Fell Holme Fell or Holm Fell is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England. It is located between Coniston Water and Little Langdale, almost isolated from the neighbouring Coniston Fells by Yewdale Beck. Holme Fell is an eastern outlier of Wetherlam, although the topographical connection via Great Intake and Low Tilberthwaite is rather tortuous. Further east, beyond Oxen Fell High Cross, the high ground continues to Black Fell. The fell itself is a ridge running broadly north-south and about a mile and a half long. The summit is at the southern extremity, a flank guarded by Calf and Raven Crags. Immediately to the north is Ivy Crag, a second top sporting a large cairn, followed by the depression of Uskdale Gap. Continuing northward are a succession of lower tops, gradually descending toward the final knoll of Great How (692 ft). A swift descent to the floor of Little Langdale then follows. The boundaries of the fell are all formed by roads and tracks, giving opportunities for circular walks. The main Ambleside-Coniston road lies to the east and the minor road along Little Langdale to the north. Yewdale Beck runs around the southern perimeter, with the narrow access lane to Hodge Close hugging its bank. From Hodge Close a bridleway runs north to Little Langdale. The southern half of the fell has much natural woodland, mostly deciduous species. There are also some larger artificial plantings to the north. Hodge Close bears the remains of quarrying (see below), as does Uskdale Gap. To the west of the Gap are two small tarns. These were built as reservoirs for the quarry, with the water used to operate a funicular to raise slate to ground level. A further artificial water body is Yew Tree Tarn beside the Ambleside-Coniston road. This was dammed to a depth of 10 ft (3 metres) in the 1930s by James Marshall, the landowner. The original intent was to provide fishing, and trout are still plentiful today. The summit ridge is formed from the dacitic lapilli-tuff of the Lincomb Tarns Formation. Further to the north west are outcrops of the volcaniclastic sandstones of the Seathwaite Fell Formation with sills of basalitic andesite. The fell can be climbed by a number of routes, notably those starting at Holme Ground, Hodge Close quarry, Yew Tree Tarn and Yew Tree Farm, the last two easily extended back to the popular Tarn Hows. Despite its modest altitude, the hill's relative isolation means it commands good views to north, south and east, including almost the full length of Coniston Water, with Wetherlam and the rest of the Coniston fells blocking distant views in the south-western quadrant. The Ordnance Survey Explorer 1:25,000 map shows it as Holme Fell, but their Landranger 1:50,000 map has it as Holm Fell, albeit with Holme Ground to the north-west. The Ordnance Survey's Gazetteer records only Holme Fell — as the gazetteer is based on locations on the Landranger maps, this suggests that the spelling Holm Fell on that map may be an error. The spelling Holme Fell is used by Alfred Wainwright in his book "The Southern Fells" but Holm Fell by Alan Dawson in his book "The Relative Hills of Britain". Whichever way it is spelt, the word "holm(e)" is believed to derive from an Old Norse root referring to a dry place within a marshy area. The slopes of Holme Fell include the massive disused green slate quarry at Hodge Close, located at . The quarry closed just before the start of the Second World War. It has flooded chambers and tunnels which are used by cave divers for sport, but it is a dangerous location and several divers have died over the years, after becoming lost in the murky waters of the tunnels. The quarry is also used by rock climbers and offers some excellent Extreme routes such as ‘First Night Nerves’ and ‘Wicked Willie’. </doc> <doc id="2343118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343118" title="Reitoca"> Reitoca Reitoca is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. The name derives from "Rerituca", which means "Place of the soft juncus" in Nahuatl. </doc> <doc id="2343120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343120" title="Sabanagrande, Honduras"> Sabanagrande, Honduras Sabanagrande is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. People make a living by planting corn and beans and selling them on the market. Many people also sell rosquillas. Cattle is also raised and cheese and other products are sold. </doc> <doc id="2343121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343121" title="San Antonio de Oriente"> San Antonio de Oriente San Antonio de Oriente is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. Population as of 2015 is 15,299. The first occupants came in 1660 in the village "Mineral de San Antonio" that is 4 km away from the present town. Nowadays it is called "San Antonio Yusguare". A kilometre west of San Antonio de Oriente lies "San Antonio Ocidente". San Antonio de Oriente lies 28 km from Tegucigalpa, high in the mountains. The Santa Iné River crosses the municipality in a south to north direction. There is a school and a health centre. Many youngsters from the village have left to go to Tegucigalpa to study. Florencio Xatruch (1811 - 1893) a General who led the Honduran expeditionary force against William Walker in Nicaragua in 1856 was born in the town. </doc> <doc id="2343122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343122" title="San Buenaventura, Francisco Morazán"> San Buenaventura, Francisco Morazán San Buenaventura is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343123" title="San Ignacio, Francisco Morazán"> San Ignacio, Francisco Morazán San Ignacio () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343124" title="San Juan de Flores"> San Juan de Flores San Juan de Flores is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. It is also known as Cantaranas (or "Singing Frogs" in English) and is located approximately 55 minutes north of the capital, Tegucigalpa and about 20 minutes away from Valle de Angeles. </doc> <doc id="2343125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343125" title="San Miguelito, Francisco Morazán"> San Miguelito, Francisco Morazán San Miguelito () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343128" title="Santa Ana, Francisco Morazán"> Santa Ana, Francisco Morazán Santa Ana is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. The location of the crash of Central American Airways Flight 731 was El Espino in Santa Ana. </doc> <doc id="2343129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343129" title="Santa Lucía, Francisco Morazán"> Santa Lucía, Francisco Morazán Santa Lucía () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. </doc> <doc id="2343132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343132" title="Talanga"> Talanga Talanga is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. It lies on the highway connecting Tegucigalpa with the department of Olancho. Talanga is a medium-sized municipality relying heavily on agriculture. Its most important crops include corn, sugar cane and livestock fodder. Perhaps the most notable feature of Talanga is that the streets are all dirt. In most towns of its size in Honduras, the primary streets are paved. The town is just finishing installing a sewer system (as of 2006) and paving is an upcoming project. For now, the town is the epitome of "wild, wild west," with ox carts, cowboys on horseback, stray dogs, untended livestock, and minimal law enforcement. Talanga has a very good indoor market with produce, meat, pots and pans, and other household goods. There are about seven well-stocked hardware stores, as well as two internet cafes. The town square was recently built with concrete fixtures and a basketball court. There is a hill with a cross near the town center with an excellent view of the town and surrounding area. The people of Talanga are very friendly and one would be hardpressed to walk the main street without having people say "buenas" and starting conversations. </doc> <doc id="2343133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343133" title="Tatumbla"> Tatumbla Tatumbla is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. Tatumbla is located in the mountains above Tegucigalpa, about a 45 minute bus ride. Tatumbla has a website under Tatumbla.com. </doc> <doc id="2343134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343134" title="Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships"> Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships is an international water polo tournament held every two years as part of the FINA World Aquatics Championships. The reigning champions are Croatia in men's and the United States in women's competition. Boldface denotes active players and highest medal count (among all players) per type. Boldface denotes active players and highest medal count (among all players) per type. Boldface denotes active players and highest medal count (among all players) per type. </doc> <doc id="2343135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343135" title="Valle de Ángeles"> Valle de Ángeles Valle de Ángeles is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. The local holiday is October 4, San Francisco Day. The town is bordered on the north by the municipality of Central District, on the south by the municipality of San Antonio de Oriente, east by the municipalities of Morocelí and Villa de San Francisco and west by the municipality of Santa Lucía. It is located about 22 km northeast of the capital city, Tegucigalpa in the valley of the same name, between the mountains of Los Lagos, El Carrizal, Palo Hueco and Chinacla. The town is a popular tourist attraction for the colonial architecture, ethnic crafts and scenery, plus nearby ecotourism. Crafts include wood carvings, pottery, and contemporary art. The road is completely paved from Tegucigalpa. A few kilometers away there is an important forest reserve called Parque Nacional "La Tigra". La Tigra is a cloud forest rich in biodiversity and there are hiking trails. Much of the fresh water for Tegucigalpa is from this forest. In the 1791 population count was part of the parish of Santa Lucia, under the name of the Cimarron or the pigsty On April 1, 1862, Fray Juan de Jesus Zepeda gave it its current name, and in 1865 it was designated as a Municipality (municipio). The region was an important mining town in the history of Honduras, with enclaves such as Las Animas and El Socorro, which produced gold, silver, copper, tin, lead and zinc. </doc> <doc id="2343136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343136" title="Vallecillo, Honduras"> Vallecillo, Honduras Vallecillo is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. Populated Place, Long -87.65, Lat 14.7 </doc> <doc id="2343138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343138" title="Villa de San Francisco"> Villa de San Francisco Villa de San Francisco is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán. Its social network is https://web.archive.org/web/20101014210406/http://www.villadesanfrancisco.com/ </doc> <doc id="2343139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343139" title="Bloodhawk"> Bloodhawk Bloodhawk (Lemuel) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was featured in "X-Men 2099", one of the titles of Marvel's Marvel 2099 imprint. He sees himself as the lone protector of the desert he resides in, attacking all those he perceives as threats. The only scene shown of Bloodhawk's past within the 2099 imprint is a memory of being experimented on in a bioshop. While being tortured for data on pain thresholds his mutant power surfaces, allowing him to turn into a reptilian skinned creature with talons and large wings. He uses his newfound strength to break his bonds and escape his captors. His first appearance within the story shows him a prisoner of the Synge Casino, about to be executed in a floorshow for damaging Synge transports hauling hazardous materials to desert dumpsites. Krystalin and Meanstreak arrive to rescue him and offer for him to join the new X-Men. Bloodhawk declines, preferring to work by himself to protect his desert home. After Synge enforcers raid the X-Men's mutant gathering, Bloodhawk leads them to a local dam for safety, as repayment for them rescuing him. As the X-Men confront Synge, Skullfire is knocked out one of the casino windows, where Bloodhawk flies in to save him (Bloodhawk saving falling X-Men becomes a bit of a running joke in the series). He joins the fight, during which his wing is broken by Junkpile, but subsequently healed by Xi'an's recently discovered secondary mutation. He stays with the X-Men for a short while longer, attending the funeral of Serpentine who died during the fight with Synge but then returns to the desert. Bloodhawk returns to a bunker which he uses as a weapons cache, where he is captured by La Lunatica. She brings him to the Darkroom of the Theatre of Pain, where she uses her mutant ability to make him relive painful memories, which are recorded by her master Controller Thirteen for the Theatre's amoral clientele. He is rescued by Skullfire, Krystalin and Meanstreak and accompanies them to New York. Together with Doom, Punisher, Spider-Man and Ravage, they defeat the Alchemax-created Aesir and save the floating city of Valhalla from falling on New York. Upon returning to Nevada, Bloodhawk separates from the X-Men again. He is next seen in the pages of Doom 2099, helping an old friend save the Savage Land from Alchemax drillers. Doom crash lands in the Savage Land, after fleeing an exploding space platform in an escape pod, and assists him. He returns to the Desert to find large footprints in the sand, which are saturated with radiation. He follows them and finds a malfunctioning 20-story tall robot, nicknamed "Monstrobot" by its owner, Jade Ryuteki, whose father had built it. He helps Jade disable the robot and set its self-repair subroutines to seal the leaks in its nuclear battery. Bloodhawk then finds Meanstreak and Krystalin (saving the latter from another fall) and travels with them to California to raid the Theatre of Pain's Floodgate facility and save the other X-Men. They successfully defeat the Theatre, and once again part ways, as the X-Men are hired as the protectors of the new mutant city-state Halo City. At some time during the X-Men's stay at Halo City, Bloodhawk is captured and taken to the Oasis, a paradise created by Ryu Kobolt, a past friend of Cerebra. Kobolt had built the Oasis to bring together a chosen few downtrodded citizens, who would be put into cryogenic stasis for 250 years, during which time a barrage of chemical warheads would destroy all other life on the planet. He is used to convince Cerebra, Luna and Skullfire of the Oasis' qualities, being controlled by Kobolt's assistant Pandora, who can use pheromones to alter perceptions. Together they stop this plan and destroy Kobolt and the Oasis. As this was a bookshelf edition standalone story it is not entirely clear where it fits into the storyline. However, it is inferred to be after they arrive in Halo city but before Shakti leaves the team. Once again, Bloodhawk is drawn into the X-Men's affairs as he rescues Metalhead and his girlfriend Rosa from robbers on the desert highway. He escorts them to Halo City, where Rosa's mutant baby, Joaquim, is captured by Vulcann the bloodsmith and forcefully aged. Bloodhawk fights alongside the X-Men to defeat Vulcann and save the inhabitants of the city from rising floodwaters as the polar icecaps melt. He joins them all in their escape to one of the only land masses left above water, the Savage Land. The Savage Land has become humanity's last refuge, with humans and mutants alike working to make the harsh environment livable. Bloodhawk, along with Nostromo, Willow, La Lunatica, Jade Ryuteki, Drew Hodge and scientist Mr. Winn form part of an exploration team into the jungles of the Savage Land. They find a spacecraft along with the body of the deceased pilot. Willow touches the alien to take its form and deactivate the self-destruct program, however she is unable to return to her normal form. At the same time, Doom's troops arrive to capture the Phalanx scout, which turns out to be Nostromo. Winn also reveals himself to be Phalanx and takes Nostromo to Latveria, to connect to the collective and assimilate the world. The others return to the surface, where they clash with one of the Phalanx assimilation node robots. They are triumphant and begin to construct the first living quarters in the last refuge as the series is cancelled. Bloodhawk possesses mutant powers that allow him to transmorph into his recognizable red form with bat-like wings. In this state, Bloodhawk gains several powers: regeneration, heightened senses, flight, razor-sharp claws and teeth and is impervious to radiation. An alternate 2099 timeline reveals a new Bloodhawk as part of the X-Men led by an elderly, bald, one-armed Logan. This Bloodhawk is much the same in terms of appearance but is female and also possesses healing and destroying touch, much like Xi'an of the original 2099 imprint. </doc> <doc id="2343153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343153" title="Osmunda claytoniana"> Osmunda claytoniana Osmunda claytoniana, the interrupted fern, is a fern native to Eastern Asia and eastern North America, in the Eastern United States and Eastern Canada. The specific epithet is named after the English-born Virginian botanist John Clayton. "Interrupted" describes the gap in middle of the blade left by the fertile portions after they wither and eventually fall off. The plant is known from fossils to have grown in Europe, showing a previous circumboreal distribution. Fragmentary foliage resembling "Osmunda claytoniana" has been found in the fossil record as far back as the Triassic, and is known as †"Osmunda claytoniites". "O. claytoniana" is a paramount example of evolutionary stasis. Paleontological evidence indicates it has remained unchanged, even at the level of fossilized nuclei and chromosomes, for at least 180 million years. In eastern North America it occurs in: the Great Lakes region; eastern Canada – in southern Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec (north to tree line); and east to Newfoundland; eastern United States – upper New England south through the Appalachian Mountains and Atlantic seaboard, into the Southeastern United States in Georgia and Alabama; and west across the Southern United States to Mississippi River, and back up the Mississippi embayment through the Midwestern United States to the Great Lakes. In eastern Asia, the fern is found in the subtropical and temperate Asia in: the Eastern Himalaya, South Central China and Eastern China, Taiwan, the Korean Peninsula, the Ryukyu Islands, and Japan. "Osmunda claytoniana" is found in humid zones, mostly in forests, but also in more open habitats and biomes, although rarely in bogs. The interrupted fern is often found alongside ostrich, cinnamon and sensitive ferns. "Osmunda claytoniana" fronds are bipinnate, tall and broad, the blade formed of alternate segments forming an arching blade tightening to a pointed end. The lower end is also slightly thinner than the rest of the frond because the first segments are shorter. Three to seven short, cinnamon-colored fertile segments are inserted in the middle of the length, giving the plant its name. In their absence, the plant in all its stages appears similar to "Osmundastrum cinnamomeum" (cinnamon fern). The base of the segments distinguishes the two species: where "O. cinnamomeum" has typical felt-like hairs, the few hairs present on "O. claytoniana" are extremely short, usually requiring a magnifying glass to see well. Like other species in the family Osmundaceae, it grows a very large rhizome, with persistent stipe bases from previous years. It forms small, dense colonies, spreading locally through its rhizome, and often forming fairy rings. "Osmunda × ruggii", is a hybrid between "O. claytoniana" and "O. spectabilis" (American royal fern). The hybrid is considered important because it suggests a closer genetic relationship between "O. claytoniana" and "O. spectabilis" than between "O. claytoniana" and "O. cinnamomeum" (a fact which has led to moving "O. cinnamomeum" out of "Osmunda" and into its own genus "Osmundastrum"). "Osmunda" × "ruggii" is sterile and is known from only about two natural populations, despite the many areas in which both "O. claytoniana" and "O. spectabilis" are found. The Iroquois used the plant as treatment for blood disorders and venereal diseases. Unlike those of the ostrich fern, the interrupted fern's fiddleheads are not readily edible, due to their bitter taste and a tendency to cause diarrhea. The base of the stipe and very young buds are edible. Overuse may kill the crown. "Osmunda claytoniana" is cultivated as an ornamental plant for use in traditional, native plant, and wildlife gardens; for woodlands and natural landscaping; and for habitat restoration projects. Their spreading colonizing habit can be used for some slope stabilization and erosion control measures. </doc> <doc id="2343156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343156" title="Winbatch"> Winbatch Winbatch is a Microsoft Windows scripting language originally developed by Wilson WindowWare and currently supported, maintained and enhanced by Island Lake Consulting LLC. Its environment includes an interpreter and a code editor along with a dialog designer and optional compiler to create self-contained executables. Its language structure and syntax is a cross between DOS batch command, Basic, Fortran, and C. It has been developed over the years with functions added and support for things like .Net, ActiveX controls, COM (OLE), Unicode, UAC and code signing. Wilson WindowWare was founded in 1989 with the product Command Post. In 1991, the menuing language in Command Post became WinBatch. Shortly after that, a corporate version was released which included a code binder (a program that combines a bytecode version of a program along with an interpreter). In July 2017 Wilson WindowWare ceased operation and Winbatch was acquired by newly formed Island Lake Consulting LLC. Documentation is available in German, Spanish and Japanese languages. Here is the Winbatch "Hello, World!" program: Extenders add additional commands to the WinBatch programming language. A few popular extenders are included with the default WinBatch installer, with additional extenders available for download. </doc> <doc id="2343159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343159" title="Tug of war at the 1912 Summer Olympics"> Tug of war at the 1912 Summer Olympics The tug of war contest at the 1912 Summer Olympics consisted of a single match, as only two teams entered the competition. Sweden was represented by the Stockholm Police, while Great Britain's team came from the defending champion City of London Police. Austria, Bohemia, and Luxembourg had all entered teams, but failed to appear. The withdrawals of those three teams turned what had been planned as a 10-match round-robin tournament into a single-match bout between Sweden and Great Britain. The bout consisted of a best-two-of-three contest. The competition was held on July 8, 1912. In the first pull, the Swedish team steadily pulled the British squad across the center mark. After a five-minute break, the second pull was started. In this one, neither team gained the victory through pulling the other across the line, but after a prolonged stalemate a couple of the London men succumbed to exhaustion and sat on the ground, disqualifying them and giving the Swedes the victory. </doc> <doc id="2343161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343161" title="List of ambassadors of the United States to Iraq"> List of ambassadors of the United States to Iraq This is a list of United States ambassadors, or lower-ranking heads of a diplomatic mission to Iraq. The United States broke off full ties with Iraq over the Six-Day War and did not resume them until 1984. The U.S. maintained an interests section starting in 1972, hosted by the Belgian embassy. The American embassy in Baghdad remained closed until 2000 when it was staffed by Japanese diplomats working in proxy with the U.S. No new Ambassador or Chargé d'Affaires was appointed until after the Second Gulf War. However the U.S. Interests Section was opened at the Polish embassy in January, 1991. The Polish embassy represented interests of the U.S. until June 30, 2004. </doc> <doc id="2343163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343163" title="False Bay"> False Bay False Bay (Afrikaans "Valsbaai") is a body of water defined by Cape Hangklip (Dutch/Afrikaans for "Hang(ing)-rock") and the Cape Peninsula in the extreme south-west of South Africa. The eastern and western shores of the bay are very rocky and even mountainous; in places large cliffs plunge into deep water. Notable peaks associated with the bay include Koeëlberg (1289m / 4229 feet), which rises from the water itself forming the highest point of the Kogelberg, as well as Somerset Sneeukop (1590m / 5217 feet) and Wemmershoek Peak (1788m / 5866 feet) which are clearly visible across the bay. The highest peak visible across False Bay is Du Toits Peak near Paarl (1995m / 6545 feet). The northern shore, however, is defined by a very long, curving, sandy beach. This sandy, northern perimeter of the bay is the southern edge of the area known as the Cape Flats. The bay is 30 kilometres wide at its widest point. Some 20 kilometres across the Cape Flats, to the north, there is a smaller, C-shaped bay — Table Bay — with Robben Island guarding its entrance. The central districts of Cape Town lie around Table Bay. Devil's Peak, Table Mountain, Lion's Head and Signal Hill form an amphitheatre along the western edge of the Cape Flats. Suburbs of Greater Cape Town now stretch right across the Cape Flats from Table Bay to the shores of False Bay and down the eastern flank of the Cape Peninsula for many kilometres. Bartolomeu Dias in 1488 first referred to the bay as "the gulf between the mountains" (Schirmer, 1980). The name "False Bay" was applied early on (at least three hundred years ago) by sailors who confused the bay with Table Bay to the north. According to Schirmer, the confusion arose because sailors returning from the east (The Dutch East Indies) initially confused Cape Point and Cape Hangklip, which are somewhat similar in form. Hangklip was known to the early Portuguese seafarers as Cabo Falso, or False Cape, and the name of the bay derived from the cape. The climate is Mediterranean, with warm, dry summers and cool, damp winters. In winter gales and storms from the northwest are common and can be ferocious. False Bay is exposed to southeasterly winds in summer and its waters are approximately 6 °C warmer than those of Table Bay, owing to the influence of the warm Agulhas Current. Fishing is good in False Bay and at times there are large schools of snoek, an oily, barracuda-like fish that is much sought after locally. Angling from the rocky shores to either side of the bay is very popular, but dangerous. The shape of the bay creates interference patterns in the swells that come in from the Southern Ocean and these patterns occasionally combine to cause "killer waves" to rise up without warning and to sweep the sandstone ledges well above the high tide mark. Scores of fishermen have been swept away and drowned over the years, but this seems to have done little to dampen enthusiasm for the sport. Sailing is also a popular recreational activity in False Bay. The "killer waves" mentioned earlier can wreak havoc with moored sailboats, especially if the moorings are chain based and on the leeward side when the south-easterly winds are howling up the bay. The sailing clubs in False Bay include False Bay Yacht Club in Simon's Town, Fish Hoek Beach Sailing Club at the main beach in Fish Hoek, Gordon's Bay Yacht Club in the Gordon's Bay Harbour, and Hottentots Holland Beach Sailing Club in Strand. There is a small granite island in the bay (not discernible in the image above) called Seal Island, which is one of the main breeding sites for the Cape fur seal. (Seal Island can be seen in a scan in the article on the Cape Flats). The seals attract many great white sharks and some of the biggest sharks ever seen have been spotted in these waters. These sharks are famous for the manner in which they breach the surface of the water while attacking seals, sometimes jumping entirely out of the ocean. Despite this, swimming, surfing, yachting, scuba diving and so on are popular pastimes around the bay, at centres such as Muizenberg, Kalk Bay, Smitswinkel Bay, Strand and Gordon's Bay. Shark attacks are generally uncommon but by no means unknown, with two deaths since 2010. The famous naval base of Simon's Town is situated on the Bay, about halfway down the length of the Cape Peninsula. During the Second World War many heavy guns were dug into concrete bunkers at various points along the mountainous shores of False Bay in order to deter attacks on Simon's Town. The firepower and defensive situation of these weapons were formidable and no attack was ever mounted. Although some of the guns were removed decades ago many large guns are still emplaced on the hillsides near the Redhill road. Although urban development of the coast is intense along some parts of False Bay, much of the shoreline remains relatively wild and unspoiled. The bulk of the development is residential; there is little heavy industry. There are a few exceptions, however: one of the largest dynamite factories in the world used to lie near the beach towards the wild and uninhabited eastern end of the bay. The nitroglycerine plant at this installation blew up twice in the second half of the 20th century and sent massive shockwaves across the bay, breaking windows and rattling walls on the distant shores. False Bay is remarkably poor in natural harbours. Almost all protection for shipping and yachts has been created by artificial means (e.g. at Kalkbaai, Simon's Town and Gordon's Bay). Works cited </doc> <doc id="2343168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343168" title="Vohenstrauß"> Vohenstrauß Vohenstrauß (or "Vohenstrauss") is a town in Germany, located in the north-eastern part of the Bavarian region Upper Palatinate. The town is situated in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab). It is the birthplace of Heribert Illig. Altenstadt bei Vohenstrauß, Böhmischbruck, Oberlind, Kaimling, Roggenstein, Waldau The towns association football club, SpVgg Vohenstrauß, experienced its greatests success between 1969 and 1974 when it played for five seasons in the third division Bayernliga. </doc> <doc id="2343174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343174" title="Information Services Division"> Information Services Division The Information Services Division (ISD) is the part of NHS Scotland that provides health information, health intelligence, statistical information and analysis. ISD is part of the Public Health and Intelligence Strategic Business Unit of NHS National Services Scotland. From January 2015 ISD will publish health statistics weekly, spreading the publications out more evenly across the year. ISD is headed by Philip Couser (Director, Information Services) In 2011 there were 3 main groups attending to core work: There are also a number of specialist programmes. These include: Two major internal change programmes are under way. The Scottish Health Information Service - headed by Steve Pavis - is establishing data warehousing and associated services. Delivering our Future - led by Lorna Jackson - is drawing-up a blueprint for the future of the organisation and catalysing staff and organisational development to realise that vision. </doc> <doc id="2343178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343178" title="Boston Beach"> Boston Beach Boston Beach is a coastal community on the north coast of the island of Jamaica, with a public beach which is one of the few beaches in Jamaica attracting surfers. It is located nine miles east of the town of Port Antonio. Around 1870 traders from Boston, Massachusetts began transporting Bananas from Portland Parish, Jamaica to Boston for sale. The Boston Fruit Company was established and the area experienced an economic boom. Eventually the company would merge with others and become the United Fruit Company which would go on to dominate the banana trade in the Caribbean and Latin America. The United Fruit Company would eventually become United Brands in the 1970s and eventually be bought by Del Monte Corporations. The western side of the beach itself was donated to the Jamaican Government by the author Robin Moore. Boston Beach is known for its "jerk" pork and chicken stands and could be considered the birthplace of the spicy jerk seasoning for which Jamaica is known. In Kingston, the capital of Jamaica, there is a popular local take out restaurant known as "Boston Jerk." </doc> <doc id="2343184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343184" title="River Avon, Wiltshire"> River Avon, Wiltshire There are two rivers in Wiltshire, England, named Avon: </doc> <doc id="2343185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343185" title="Kenneth Hahn"> Kenneth Hahn Kenneth "Kenny" Hahn (August 19, 1920 – October 12, 1997) was a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for forty years, from 1952 to 1992. Hahn was on the Los Angeles City Council from 1947 to 1952. He was an ardent supporter of civil rights throughout the 1960s, and met Martin Luther King, Jr. in 1961. Hahn was born August 19, 1920, in Los Angeles, the son of Hattie Louise (Wiggins) of Nottawa, Canada, and John Heinrich Hahn. The couple moved to Los Angeles in 1919, and Hahn's father died just a few months later. The couple had seven sons—Henry, John, Allan, Louis, George, Gordon and Kenneth. He went to public schools in Los Angeles, including John Muir Junior High School and Fremont High School, class of 1938. He graduated from Pepperdine College in 1942. He received a master's degree in education while he was on the City Council, earned after "Six years of study in summer and late afternoon sessions." He also had a secondary-school teaching credential. Hahn began his working career as a partner in the Hahn Brothers' Service Station at 6300 South Main Street, at the foot of San Pedro Street in the South Park area. Before World War II he was a messenger for the County Probation Department and the Los Angeles Police Department. Hahn entered the Navy as an enlisted man in 1942 and earned a commission after studying at naval schools at Northwestern and Notre Dame universities. He was a ship's pilot in San Pedro, the youngest pilot in the history of the Port of Los Angeles. He served with the U.S. Seventh Fleet in the South Pacific as the commanding officer of a supply ship and was discharged in 1946 as a lieutenant. After the war, in 1947, he taught American government and history at Pepperdine. Hahn's first try for public office was as a candidate for the State Assembly in the 66th District in June 1946. Hahn, a Democrat, won the Republican nomination in the primary election but lost the Democratic nomination, and therefore he could not compete. Instead the Republicans were able to nominate another candidate at a convention. Hahn unseated Charles A. Allen, the incumbent member for the Los Angeles City Council District 8 in 1947. He was supported by students at Pepperdine College, which at that time was located in the 8th District: They circulated his nominating petitions and did house-to-house campaigning for him. At age 26 he was the youngest person elected to the City Council to that time. He was reelected in 1949 and 1951. In that era, the 8th District was bounded on the north by Vernon Avenue, on the west by Western Avenue, on the east by the city limits or Alameda Street and on the south by about Slauson Avenue. Hahn left the council on December 1, 1952, when he became a county supervisor. Jail, 1947. He urged a delay in the building of a new jail in Lincoln Heights until the council could hear from Assemblyman Vernon Kilpatrick, who declared in a letter that the proposed lockup represented "outmoded thinking concerning jail programs" and suggested that the money be spent for more "sunshine and fresh air" prison camps. His motion failed on a 6–6 vote. Smog, 1949. The council adopted Hahn's resolution asking Air Pollution Control Director Gordon P. Larson to appear before it to report on the worsening smog situation in Los Angeles. "The entire smog program seems to have bogged down," he said. "Yesterday it was almost impossible to breathe in my office, and I am informed that some places had to shut down completely." Feud, 1950. He and Councilman Harold Harby engaged in what was called a "feud" over various subjects, including their differences concerning the subject of continuing wartime rent control in Los Angeles, with Hahn favoring and Harby opposing. Harby also called a suggestion by Hahn for a pay raise for city employees "political prostitution in its lowest form." Harby used the same term, calling Hahn a "political prostitute" in a raucous debate over the fate of a $110-million-dollar public housing proposal for the city (Hahn in favor and Harby opposed). At one point, Harby "reached over" and shoved Hahn back into his seat. Birds, 1951. Hahn proposed a special police patrol to protect birds nesting on the City Hall grounds. The idea was referred to a committee. Un-American, 1952. Hahn and Council Members Harold A. Henry, Earle D. Baker and J. Win Austin attended a dinner meeting in South Gate to honor the House Committee on Un-American Activities. Hahn was elected to the County Board of Supervisors for the first time in 1952. He was elected to his tenth term in 1988 with 84% of the vote. He was known for his promotion of social causes, bringing the Los Angeles Dodgers to Los Angeles and putting emergency call boxes along freeways. In 1970 he joined with his personal physician, cardiologist Walter S. Graf, to establish the first system of emergency paramedic care in California; Hahn is credited with winning support for the then-radical idea from the Board of Supervisors and the state legislature, and persuading then-governor Ronald Reagan to sign the bill authorizing the provision of emergency medical care by trained personnel other than doctors and nurses. At the Board of Supervisors, Hahn designed the County Seal adopted in 1957, which was modified in 2004 due to the Christian cross on the seal. The American Civil Liberties Union had threatened a lawsuit if the county had not removed the cross. In 1961, Hahn was the only public official to greet Martin Luther King Jr. when he came to Los Angeles "after confronting the police dogs and water hoses of Birmingham". At the Los Angeles County Transportation Commission, Hahn proposed and eventually achieved consensus in favor of putting a proposition on the ballot that not only included funding for a rail network (controversial in some suburban communities), but also funding for local transit to be spent by the local communities as well as lower bus fares for three years. While the two previous rail transit ballot measures were rejected by the electorate, the compromise Proposition A was approved at the November 4, 1980 election by 54% of voters and eventually led to the creation of the Los Angeles Metro Rail network. Hahn died of heart failure on October 12, 1997, at the age of 77 in an Inglewood hospital. A funeral service was held at Faith Dome of Crenshaw Christian Center on Vermont Avenue, and interment followed at Inglewood Park Cemetery. Hahn was married to Ramona Hahn. They had two children, James and Janice. They lived at 833-1/2 West 69th Street in the Vermont-Slauson district. He was a "deeply religious man who often quoted Scripture". Hahn was reported to have suffered a stroke in 1987, from which he recovered over a lengthy period of time. His recovery did not substantially affect his popularity or reelection. Hahn belonged to an influential Los Angeles political dynasty: One brother, Gordon Hahn, replaced him on the Los Angeles City Council, while another, John, was assistant county clerk. His son, James Hahn, was Los Angeles city attorney from 1985 to 2001 and mayor from 2001 to 2005. James Hahn is now a judge on the Los Angeles County Superior Court. Hahn's daughter, Janice Hahn, was on the Los Angeles City Council and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives; she is now on the County Board of Supervisors. A nephew, Dale Hahn, was a Superior Court judge (in San Mateo County) until retiring in 2004. Hahn is memorialized in the name of the main county building in Downtown Los Angeles as the Kenneth Hahn Hall of Administration. He is also remembered in the naming of a large park in Baldwin Hills, the Kenneth Hahn State Recreation Area. The 103rd Street/Kenneth Hahn station on the Blue Line of the Los Angeles County Metro Rail is named in his honor. For his contribution to sports in Los Angeles, he was honored with a Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum "Court of Honor" plaque by the Coliseum commissioners. Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card. </doc> <doc id="2343188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343188" title="Elliot Easton"> Elliot Easton Elliot Easton (born Elliot Steinberg, December 18, 1953, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American musician, guitarist, singer and songwriter. He plays lead guitar and sings backing vocals for the Cars. His guitar solos are an integral part of the band's hit singles. He studied music at the Berklee College of Music. He is a left-handed guitarist. Upon the collapse of the Cars in 1988, Easton played in bands such as the New Cars and the roots rock group Creedence Clearwater Revisited. He has also played in songs by newer artists such as the power pop band the Click Five, whose guitarist Joe Guese referred to him as "the Boston connection". In 2018, Easton was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Cars. Easton released one solo album in 1985, "Change No Change", featuring songs co-written with Jules Shear. One single "(Wearing Down) Like a Wheel" was released and became a moderate hit on the rock charts. A later band project, Band of Angels, was formed with singer Danny Malone, and recorded one album, "Band of Angels", which was not released, but selections from which were included in the 1996 CD release of "Change No Change". In the mid-1990s, Easton produced and played on the first two albums by Amy Rigby. He was also the lead guitarist on Jules Shear's 1994 album 'Healing Bones'. In 1998, Easton's playing was featured on "No Cats", an album from bassist Lee Rocker of Stray Cats. He contributed guitar parts for "Rumblin' Bass" and "One Way or Another." According to both Easton and Rocker, the two have known each other since they were young boys growing up in New York. Easton then joined Creedence Clearwater Revisited. He has also played with Ric Ocasek as a solo artist. Easton was a member of The New Cars, along with original Cars keyboardist Greg Hawkes, singer/songwriter Todd Rundgren, former Utopia bassist/vocalist Kasim Sulton, and Tubes drummer Prairie Prince. In June 2006, the band released a live album, "It's Alive!", that includes three new studio tracks. He was featured and played the solo in the Click Five song "Angel To You (Devil To Me)". In 2010, Easton reunited with the surviving original members of The Cars to record their first album in 24 years, entitled "Move Like This", which was released on May 10, 2011. Easton resurfaced in 2013 with his Tiki Gods project. On February, 13th, 2013, Easton's Tiki Gods released the album "Easton Island" as an mp3 download album only. It was made available through the Amazon and iTunes store. A physical CD was released in May 2013. Easton next became a founding member of The Empty Hearts supergroup formed in 2014. The band also included The Chesterfield Kings bassist Andy Babiuk, Blondie drummer Clem Burke, The Romantics guitarist and vocalist Wally Palmar, and Faces pianist Ian McLagan. The band's self-titled first album was released 5 August 2014 and produced by The Ramones producer Ed Stasium. In 2013, the Gibson Guitar Company launched the Elliot Easton "Tikibird" Firebird guitar, which is a modified version of their Firebird model. Elliot Easton married twice and is now married to his second wife Jill Easton. He has a daughter Sydney from his first marriage. He lives in Bell Canyon, California. Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver guitarist Slash has cited Easton as one of his musical influences. </doc> <doc id="2343191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343191" title="Air traffic management"> Air traffic management Air traffic management is an aviation term encompassing all systems that assist aircraft to depart from an aerodrome, transit airspace, and land at a destination aerodrome, including Air Traffic Services (ATS), Airspace Management (ASM), and Air Traffic Flow and Capacity Management (ATFCM). The increasing emphasis of modern ATM is on interoperable and harmonised systems that allow an aircraft to operate with the minimum of performance change from one airspace to another. ATC systems have traditionally been developed by individual States that concentrated on their own requirements, creating different levels of service and capability around the world. Many Air Navigation Service Providers (ANSPs) do not provide an ATC service that matches the capabilities of modern aircraft, so ICAO has developed the Aviation System Block Upgrade (ASBU) initiative in order to harmonise global planning of technology upgrades. In the Asia/Pacific Region, the ICAO Regional Office in Bangkok, Thailand is developing a Seamless ATM Plan, which is intended to set expectations for ATM upgrades in the world's busiest aviation region in terms of Revenue Passenger Kilometres. The Seamless ATM Plan is expected to be approved by the Asia/Pacific Air Navigation Planning and Implementation Regional Group (APANPIRG) in mid-2013. </doc> <doc id="2343194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343194" title="Caroline Dubois"> Caroline Dubois Caroline Dubois (born 1960) is a French poet who lives and works in Paris. Her writing is close to dialogue and she often collaborates with other artists in readings or performances. A presentation of her work appeared in "Cahier du Refuge" n°: 69, 121. </doc> <doc id="2343202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343202" title="Primary clustering"> Primary clustering In computer programming, primary clustering is one of two major failure modes of open addressing based hash tables, especially those using linear probing. It occurs after a hash collision causes two of the records in the hash table to hash to the same position, and causes one of the records to be moved to the next location in its probe sequence. Once this happens, the cluster formed by this pair of records is more likely to grow by the addition of even more colliding records, regardless of whether the new records hash to the same location as the first two. This phenomenon causes searches for keys within the cluster to be longer. For instance, in linear probing, a record involved in a collision is always moved to the next available hash table cell subsequent to the position given by its hash function, creating a contiguous cluster of occupied hash table cells. Whenever another record is hashed to anywhere within the cluster, it grows in size by one cell. Because of this phenomenon, it is likely that a linear-probing hash table with a constant load factor (that is, with the size of the table proportional to the number of items it stores) will have some clusters of logarithmic length, and will take logarithmic time to search for the keys within that cluster. A related phenomenon, secondary clustering, occurs more generally with open addressing modes including linear probing and quadratic probing in which the probe sequence is independent of the key, as well as in hash chaining. In this phenomenon, a low-quality hash function may cause many keys to hash to the same location, after which they all follow the same probe sequence or are placed in the same hash chain as each other, causing them to have slow access times. Both types of clustering may be reduced by using a higher-quality hash function, or by using a hashing method such as double hashing that is less susceptible to clustering. </doc> <doc id="2343204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343204" title="Tug of war at the 1920 Summer Olympics"> Tug of war at the 1920 Summer Olympics The tug of war contest at the 1920 Summer Olympics was held on August 17, 1920 and on August 18, 1920. All medals were decided by using the Bergvall system. A total of 40"(*)" tug of war competitors from 5 nations competed at the Antwerp Games: Two Italian reserves are known. </doc> <doc id="2343207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343207" title="List of fictional secret police and intelligence organizations"> List of fictional secret police and intelligence organizations This is a list of secret police organisations and intelligence agencies which are fictional: </doc> <doc id="2343215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343215" title="Vimpa"> Vimpa A vimpa (plural: vimpae) is a veil or shawl worn over the shoulders of servers who carry the mitre and crosier during liturgical functions when they are not being used by the bishop, in the Roman Catholic, Anglican, and some other western churches. The vimpa is used to hold the mitre or crosier, thus preventing direct contact with the pontificalia by anyone other than the bishop. The two vimpa-bearers attend the bishop during Pontifical Mass, and follow him in procession. Their function is to show the congregation that the person carrying the item (either the Mitre or the Crozier) does not have the authority of a bishop. For the same reason, the carrier of the Crozier also holds it in the closed position, and in the right hand i.e. crook facing towards them, in contrast to the bishop, who holds it with the crook facing away from himself, in the left hand. The vimpa may take the form of a cape-like shawl or a many-pleated scarf, with a base colour usually of either white or silver. A vimpa can be a simple white/silver veil or can be fashioned with one or many liturgical symbols, such as crosses. The vimpa can hang on the mitre- and crosier-bearers' shoulders or be secured in the front by velcro, ribbon or even clasps. They can end as short as the server's waist, and as long as the server's feet. Due to its form, many people often mistake the vimpa for a Humeral Veil which is used to hold the Monstrance. There is nothing wrong with a vimpa being fashioned like a humeral veil as long as it is not overdone and follows important rules such as colour and design. Since it is only used at Pontifical Masses, a well-fashioned vimpa can stand out in the grandness of the celebration and appear spectacular when holding a mitre and crosier. The term is also used to refer to the attendants themselves, when the plural form "vimpas" is usually used. The term 'vimpa-boys' is sometimes heard, being derived from the historical fact that in many churches the altar servers (and therefore the vimpa-bearers) were young boys. A vimpa is occasionally used in the Anglican liturgy in an alternative function, when the crosier is carried before the bishop in procession, often by a junior Clerk in Holy Orders. </doc> <doc id="2343219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343219" title="Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg"> Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg The Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg, also known as the Gettysburg Seminary, is located in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and is one of the seven seminaries of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. It is one of the three seminaries in the Eastern Cluster of Lutheran Seminaries, and a member institution of the Washington Theological Consortium. Founded in 1826, it was the oldest continuing Lutheran seminary in the United States until it was merged with the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia to become United Lutheran Seminary on July 1, 2017. The Gettysburg Seminary served the church as a pioneer in theological education creating among Lutheran seminaries the first faculty position in Christian Education (1926), the first teacher in sociology and psychology (1942), and the first in stewardship (1989). Gettysburg continued to add to its trail breaking in the American scene by granting tenure to a female professor (Bertha Paulssen, 1945) and graduating (Elizabeth Platz in 1965) the first woman to be ordained by an American Lutheran church body (ordained in 1970). Gettysburg Seminary was the first Lutheran seminary to admit an African American seminarian, Daniel Alexander Payne, in 1835. During the battle of Gettysburg, the seminary, on a ridge west of the town, became a focal point of action on the first day of battle, 1 July 1863. The seminary gave its name to 'Seminary Ridge,' where the line of battle of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia was formed on 2 and 3 July 1863. At the 1820 formation of the General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in the United States, its constitution specified that the Synod form plans for a seminary or seminaries. Samuel Simon Schmucker, ordained in 1820, actively lobbied for the establishment of a seminary and began theological training for students in New Market, Virginia, at his parsonage. After hearing Schmucker speak in 1824 about his efforts, the Maryland-Virginia Synod recommended to the General Synod in 1825 that a seminary be established. The board of directors first met on March 2, 1826, in Hagerstown, Maryland, the first order of business being to select a site for the seminary. They rejected proposals from Carlisle, Pennsylvania (at Dickinson College) and Hagerstown and the "Gettysburg Theological Seminary" was established on August 1, 1826. Schmucker was elected the first professor and the seminary opened with eight students on September 5, 1826, at the 1810 Gettysburg Academy building. In 1832 the seminary moved to its first building on the ridge west of the borough, which it now lends its name to (Seminary Ridge). Following Schmucker, the seminary had "faculty chairmen" rather than presidents. The first seminary president, John Alden Singmaster, was designated in 1906. During the World War II labor shortage, the seminary assisted with the county's 1942 apple harvest before German POWs became available, and a seminary auxiliary was organized in 1953. The Seminary building served as a lookout on 1 July 1863, the first day of battle. From the cupola, Brig. Gen. John Buford, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, both observed the opening of the battle to the west of Seminary Ridge and witnessed the arrival of the I Corps under Maj. Gen. John Reynolds marching to his relief from the south. By the late afternoon, the Union lines on McPherson's Ridge, west of the seminary, were forced back to Seminary Ridge by Confederate troops of Heth's and Pender's Divisions. Before the troops could dig in on Seminary Ridge, a further attack by Pender's Division broke the line. The I Corps streamed across Seminary Hill and through the town of Gettysburg, covered by a delaying action on the grounds by the famed Iron Brigade. The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia occupied the seminary grounds and held them until the Army's retreat on 4 July 1863. There was no further infantry combat on the seminary grounds, but it continued to play a prominent role in the battle. The seminary building had begun to be used as a field hospital for soldiers of both armies during the first day, and this continued throughout the engagement and after the battle was over. Artillery was posted on the hill and participated in action against Union artillery on Culp's and Cemetery Hills on 2 and 3 July. Confederate soldiers ransacked the house of seminary President Schmucker, an outspoken abolitionist. Confederate troops also used the seminary building cupola as a lookout, although there is no hard evidence that General Robert E. Lee, whose headquarters were just across the Cashtown Road to the north of the seminary, ever entered the cupola. The seminary contains multiple commemorative markers and monuments along its main drive, called Seminary Ridge (formerly, Confederate Ave). The park commission had placed two Confederate 3" rifles, two other Confederate guns, and two Union 12 pounders ("False Napoleon") along the avenue by 1912. In 1868 some seminary land was purchased for the Gettysburg Springs Railroad (now Springs Avenue) and the faculty expanded to a fourth professor (James W. Richard) in 1889. In 1895, during the battlefield commemorative era, the Gettysburg Park Commission telfordized the seminary's north-south avenue (resurfaced in 1927). In 1896, the seminary had two academic buildings, four professor dwellings, a hospital, and approximately . The cornerstone of the Church of the Abiding Presence was laid in 1940 and construction was completed in 1942. D Circa 1960 the seminary purchased the nearby Elsie Singmaster Lewars home and in 1961, the Adams County Historical Society moved from the courthouse basement to Old Dorm (added to the NRHP in 1974). In 2011, it moved into Wolf House, also owned by the seminary. The 2011 "Crossroads Campaign" planned $1.8 million of fundraising for chapel renovations. In January 2016, the seminary's board announced a merger with the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia. While originally planned as a closure of both schools with the formation of a new institution, this plan was canceled over accreditation issues and a merger of the two schools was completed 1 July 2017, under the name United Lutheran Seminary. </doc> <doc id="2343221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343221" title="Brazil women's national football team"> Brazil women's national football team The Brazil women's national football team played their first game on 22 July 1986 against the United States, losing 2–1. The team finished the 1999 World Cup in third place and the 2007 in second, losing to Germany in the final, 2–0. Brazil won the silver medal twice in the Olympic Games, in 2004 and 2008, after getting fourth place in the two previous editions. Brazil is the most successful women's national team in South America, having won the first four editions of the Copa América championship. Since 1999 they have been contenders for the World title. In 1998 and 1999, the team was the runner-up of the Women's U.S. Cup. In 2017, the Brazilian Football Confederation's decision to fire head coach Emily Lima sparked protest among the team's players. The dispute evolved into an argument for greater wages and more respect and recognition for the country's female football players. As a result, players such as Cristiane, Rosana, and Francielle announced their retirement from international football, hoping that this decision might make a difference in the years to come. The following players have been named to the squad for the 2018 Tournament of Nations. Head coach: Vadão "Caps and goals are current as of 3 August 2017 after the match against . The following players were named to a squad in the last 12 months. This list may be incomplete. </doc> <doc id="2343224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343224" title="1994 European Athletics Indoor Championships"> 1994 European Athletics Indoor Championships The 23rd European Athletics Indoor Championships were held in Paris, the capital city of France in between 11 and 13 March 1994. This was the last edition to feature race walking. </doc> <doc id="2343227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343227" title="Amen (Amen album)"> Amen (Amen album) Amen is the second album by the American band Amen and their major label debut, released on September 21, 1999, by I Am/Roadrunner Records. The first track on the album, "Coma America," became the band's first single. In 2001, the album was re-released with 4 new bonus tracks. "Amen" was recorded by Casey Chaos on vocals, Shannon Larkin on drums, Sonny Mayo and Paul Fig on guitar, and John Fahnestock a.k.a. Tumor on bass. The album was produced by Ross Robinson who had worked with Casey Chaos and helped him get signed to Roadrunner Records, and was released through Ross Robinson's imprint label, I Am. The album sold around 15,000 copies in its first year. In 2001 the album was re-released by Roadrunner Records and included the four unreleased songs from the single of "Coma America". At this point, Amen had already switched to Virgin Records. In 2007, Metal Mind Productions re-released the album in a new digipack edition on gold disc, digitally remastered using 24-Bit process, with a limited run of 2000 hand-numbered copies. In both cases, the band was not involved with the releases. All songs written by Casey Chaos </doc> <doc id="2343229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343229" title="1992 European Athletics Indoor Championships"> 1992 European Athletics Indoor Championships The 22nd European Athletics Indoor Championships were held in 1992 in Genoa, Italy. This was the first indoor championship which was the start of the new two-year cycle for the games. It was also the first edition to feature the combined events. </doc> <doc id="2343230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343230" title="Col (disambiguation)"> Col (disambiguation) COL, CoL or col may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2343231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343231" title="Billinge Hill"> Billinge Hill "Not to be confused with Billinge Hill, Blackburn." Billinge Hill, also known as Billinge Lump, is the highest point in the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens in North West England. It is also the highest point of Merseyside. It lies in Billinge, within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire. It is one of the 176 hills graded as a Marilyn in England. A beacon tower is at the summit. Built as a summerhouse to Winstanley Hall in the 18th century, it was used for the Year 2000 celebrations. Most fireworks displays for miles around can be seen from the summit and people often gather there in small numbers to watch displays over the towns of Wigan and St Helens and the local village of Rainford. Over the years it has been covered in graffiti which was recently cleaned off and the metal panels restricting access to the inside of the beacon have been painted black. Nearby to the north-west are several large transmitter masts which take advantage of the height and relative isolation of the land. The views are fairly extensive, notably to the south-west where, when clear, the mountains of Snowdonia, in Wales, can be seen and to the north-east Winter Hill can be seen. Looking east one sees Manchester and the Derbyshire Peak District. On a clear day, it is possible to see Blackpool Tower over thirty miles away, the town of St. Helens and the Widnes - Runcorn bridge. Depending on the conditions and direction it is facing, the telescope at Jodrell Bank can be seen to the south-east too. Billinge Hill was also used by the Royal Observer Corps, and there was a bunker at the site, West of and below Beacon. The Beacon itself was used for aircraft observation during and after the war. The bunker would have been used to monitor the location of nuclear blasts and the resulting fallout over Lancashire in the event of nuclear war. The post opened in January 1960 and closed in October 1968. </doc> <doc id="2343233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343233" title="1990 European Athletics Indoor Championships"> 1990 European Athletics Indoor Championships The 21st European Athletics Indoor Championships were held in Glasgow, United Kingdom, on 3 and 4 March 1990. It was the last time that the event had been held annually and not biennially as it is now. It was also the first edition to feature women's triple jump event. The medal table was topped by the Soviet Union, followed by West and East Germany. </doc> <doc id="2343238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343238" title="1989 European Athletics Indoor Championships"> 1989 European Athletics Indoor Championships The 20th European Athletics Indoor Championships were held at Houtrust in The Hague, Netherlands, on 18 and 19 February 1989. </doc> <doc id="2343240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343240" title="Rugby union at the 1920 Summer Olympics"> Rugby union at the 1920 Summer Olympics Rugby union at the 1920 Summer Olympics was played in Antwerp. Two nations entered the rugby union event at the 1920 Summer Olympics — France and the United States. The French team were very much thought to be assured of the gold medal and came in as raging favourites in the event. However, the United States team caused a shock, defeating France in the only game eight points to nil. Rugby Commissioner and President of the California Rugby Union, Harry Maloney was Coach and Trainer </doc> <doc id="2343248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343248" title="Sleeping with the Enemy (disambiguation)"> Sleeping with the Enemy (disambiguation) Sleeping with the Enemy may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2343249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343249" title="Tom Hollander"> Tom Hollander Thomas Anthony Hollander (; born 25 August 1967) is an English actor. He began his career in theatre, winning the Ian Charleson Award in 1992 for his performance as Witwoud in "The Way of the World" at the Lyric Hammersmith Theatre. He is known for his roles in films such as "Pirates of the Caribbean" and "In the Loop" and drama films such as "Enigma", "Pride & Prejudice", "Gosford Park", and "Hanna". He played the lead role in the sitcom "Rev.", which won the British Academy Television Award for best sitcom in 2011. He also played the lead in the ITV's "Doctor Thorne" and won the BAFTA Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Major Lance "Corky" Corkoran in the BBC series "The Night Manager". He appeared as Henry Carr in a revival of Tom Stoppard's play "Travesties" at the Apollo Theatre in London, directed by Patrick Marber. The play transferred to the West End, with the same cast, after its sell-out run at the Menier Chocolate Factory (September to 19 November 2016) and ran until 29 April 2017. Hollander was nominated for an Olivier Award for Best Actor for his role in "Travesties" and the production as a whole was nominated in five categories (Best Actor, Best Revival, Best Sound Design, Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Best Actor in a Supporting Role). Marber's revival transferred to Broadway in 2018, with Hollander reprising his leading role as Carr. The play opened on 24 April 2018 (previews 29 March) at the Roundabout Theatre Company's American Airlines Theater in New York. Hollander received a Tony Award nomination for the production. Hollander appears as Dr. Sorgh in the film "Tulip Fever" which was released in September 2017. The screenplay, also by Stoppard, is an adaptation of Deborah Moggach's historical novel. He also appears as Garin in Terry George's historical drama ""The Promise"", his third collaboration with George, who also directed him in "Some Mother's Son" and "Whole Lotta Sole". In January 2016, he became an Honorary Fellow of Selwyn College, Cambridge (his former college). Hollander was born in Bristol, the son of teachers, and was raised in Oxford. His father is descended from Czech Jews who converted to Catholicism and his mother is of English background. He attended the Dragon School and then Abingdon School, where he was chief chorister. As a youngster, he was a member of the National Youth Theatre and the National Youth Music Theatre (then known as the Children's Music Theatre). In 1981, at the age of 14, he won the lead role in a BBC dramatisation of Leon Garfield's "John Diamond". Hollander read English at Selwyn College, Cambridge. He was actively involved in stage productions as a member of the Footlights and was president of the Marlowe Society. Sam Mendes, a friend and fellow student, directed him in several plays while they were at Cambridge, including a critically acclaimed production of "Cyrano de Bergerac" (which also featured future Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg). Hollander's film and television appearances include "Absolutely Fabulous", "Martha, Meet Frank, Daniel and Laurence", "Wives and Daughters", "Harry", "Cambridge Spies" for which he received the FIPA D'OR Grand prize for best actor, "Gosford Park", "The Lost Prince" and "Pride & Prejudice" for which he received the Evening Standard Film Awards Comedy Award, and London Critics Circle Best Supporting Actor. He has worked repeatedly with Michael Gambon and Bill Nighy and is a good friend of James Purefoy. Although highly respected as a character actor and the recipient of several awards, many of his films will still play on his height (5' 5" / 165 cm). Hollander has created several memorable comedic characters that draw more on his physical energy and intensity than his height, such as the "brilliantly foul-mouthed" Leon in BBC Two's "Freezing", described in "The Times" as a "braying swirl of ego and mania". Hollander portrayed Lord Cutler Beckett, the "heavy" in "" and "". He also appeared in the TNT miniseries "The Company" as Kim Philby, having previously played Guy Burgess in the BBC's "Cambridge Spies". He returned to the stage in 2007 with the premiere of Joe Penhall's play "Landscape with Weapon" at the Royal National Theatre. In 2008 he made a notable cameo appearance as King George III in the HBO mini-series "John Adams", and ended the year as a memorable Colonel Heinz Brandt in "Valkyrie". In 2009, Hollander played a symphonic cellist in Joe Wright's movie "The Soloist", his second film with Wright, who cast him to great effect as the fevered suitor Mr. Collins in 2005's "Pride and Prejudice". He has worked once more with Wright, portraying a memorably flamboyant and menacing villain in "Hanna" (2011). Hollander appeared in a lead role in Armando Iannucci's "In the Loop" as Secretary of State for International Development Simon Foster MP. Hollander later made a surprise appearance (in a different role) at the end of the third series of "The Thick of It", the programme on which "In the Loop" was based. In 2010, Hollander and writer James Wood co-created the TV series "Rev.", a sensitive comedy about the all-too-human vicar of an inner-city parish. Reviews called it intelligent, realistic and very funny. Hollander played the sympathetic title character, Rev. Adam Smallbone. The show won a BAFTA in 2011 for Best Situation Comedy, among other awards and recognition. A second series aired in the UK on BBC 2 in 2011 and a third series in 2014. He has been praised for his role as the "inebriated and endearing, menacing and beguiling" chemist, Dr George Cholmondeley, appearing in five episodes of the BBC / FX 2017 series "Taboo" with one commenter describing him as "giving a masterclass on how to create dimension and personality, even with limited screen time." Hollander played Queen's second manager Jim Beach in the biopic "Bohemian Rhapsody", which was released in November 2018. Upon the firing of director Bryan Singer from the film in December 2017, it was reported Hollander very nearly quit the film due to issues with Singer, but was ultimately convinced to see it through. Also in 2018, Hollander played Tabaqui, a hyena in Andy Serkis' motion capture film "". Hollander won the 1992 Ian Charleson Award for his performance as Witwoud in "The Way of the World" at the Lyric Hammersmith Theatre. He had been nominated and commended the previous year for his Celia in an all-male production of "As You Like It" for Cheek by Jowl and was again nominated and commended for his Khlestakov in "The Government Inspector" at the Almeida Theatre in 1997. He had also received a special commendation for his 1996 performance of the title role in "Tartuffe" at the Almeida Theatre. In all, Hollander has been the most frequent Ian Charleson Award honoree, with four appearances at the awards: one win, two commendations and one special commendation. In 2010, Hollander returned to the live stage in a demanding comedic dual role in Georges Feydeau's "A Flea in Her Ear" at the Old Vic. Playing both master and servant with "lightning physical precision and shockingly true confusion", Hollander's was called "a virtuoso performance". Between September and November 2016 he starred as (a "career-best") Henry Carr in Patrick Marber's "superb revival" of Tom Stoppard's "Travesties" at the Menier Chocolate Factory. The play (with the same cast) transferred to the Apollo Theatre in February 2017 and has been nominated for five Olivier Awards including Best Actor (Hollander) and Best Revival ("Travesties"). Hollander has lent his vocal talents to a number of roles for BBC radio including Mosca in 2004's "Volpone" for Radio 3, Frank Churchill in Jane Austen's "Emma" and as Mr Gently Benevolent in the pilot of the Dickensian parody "Bleak Expectations" for Radio 4, although he did not take part in the full series. He has voiced a young Joseph Merrick, the "Elephant Man", a disembodied head named Enzio in an urban gothic comedy and Leon Theremin, the Russian inventor famous for the electronic instrument that bears his name. He provided the vocal texture for Anthony Burgess' "A Clockwork Orange" recently with a "smooth, almost lyrical, crisp voice" that accomplished the task of rendering the extensive and unique slang of the book instantly understandable to readers. More recent readings include "The Casual Vacancy" by J. K. Rowling. In 2015 (repeated in April 2017) he played Patrick Moore in the BBC radio play "Far Side of the Moore" about the astronomer and his Sky at Night TV programme. In May 2016 he portrayed Geoff Cathcart in Andy Mulligan's four-part play "School Drama" on BBC Radio 4 which was chosen by The Guardian as that week's best radio and he narrated Peter Bradshaw's short story "Reunion", broadcast on Radio 4 in October 2016. He has also portrayed the Russian artist Kazimir Malevich in Margy Kinmonth's documentary "Revolution: New Art for a New World" due for release in the UK and Ireland in November 2016. Since 2008, he has written an occasional diary-style column for The Spectator. Hollander has contributed his running and cycling efforts to several charitable causes, including running to raise funds for the Childline Crisis Hotline in 2006 and in 2007, for the Teenage Cancer Trust. He is a long-time supporter of the Helen & Douglas House Hospice for Children and Young Adults in Oxford, which provides hospice care for children. He continues to support charitable organisations by contributing readings and other appearances throughout the year. Hollander is a patron of the British Independent Film Awards and has supported the efforts of the Old Vic's "24 Hour Plays New Voices" Gala, which forwards the cause of young writers for the British stage. In August 2014, he was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to "The Guardian" opposing Scottish independence in the run-up to September's referendum on that issue. Hollander lives in Notting Hill, London. </doc> <doc id="2343250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343250" title="Dendrite (metal)"> Dendrite (metal) A dendrite in metallurgy is a characteristic tree-like structure of crystals growing as molten metal freezes, the shape produced by faster growth along energetically favourable crystallographic directions. This dendritic growth has large consequences in regard to material properties. Dendrites form in unary (one-component) systems as well as multi-component systems. The requirement is that the liquid (the molten material) be undercooled, aka supercooled, below the freezing point of the solid. Initially, a spherical solid nucleus grows in the undercooled melt. As the sphere grows, the spherical morphology becomes unstable and its shape becomes perturbed. The solid shape begins to express the preferred growth directions of the crystal. This growth direction may be due to anisotropy in the surface energy of the solid–liquid interface, or to the ease of attachment of atoms to the interface on different crystallographic planes, or both (for an example of the latter, see hopper crystal). In metallic systems, interface attachment kinetics is usually negligible (for non-negligible cases, see dendrite (crystal)). In metallic systems, the solid then attempts to minimize the area of those surfaces with the highest surface energy. The dendrite thus exhibits a sharper and sharper tip as it grows. If the anisotropy is large enough, the dendrite may present a faceted morphology. The microstructural length scale is determined by the interplay or balance between the surface energy and the temperature gradient (which drives the heat/solute diffusion) in the liquid at the interface. As solidification proceeds, an increasing number of atoms lose their kinetic energy, making the process exothermic. For a pure material, latent heat is released at the solid–liquid interface so that the temperature remains constant until the melt has completely solidified. The growth rate of the resultant crystalline substance will depend on how fast this latent heat can be conducted away. A dendrite growing in an undercooled melt can be approximated as a parabolic needle-like crystal that grows in a shape-preserving manner at constant velocity. Nucleation and growth determine the grain size in equiaxed solidification while the competition between adjacent dendrites decides the primary spacing in columnar growth. Generally, if the melt is cooled slowly, nucleation of new crystals will be less than at large undercooling. The dendritic growth will result in dendrites of a large size. Conversely, a rapid cooling cycle with a large undercooling will increase the number of nuclei and thus reduce the size of the resulting dendrites (and often lead to small grains). Smaller dendrites generally lead to higher ductility of the product. One application where dendritic growth and resulting material properties can be seen is the process of welding. The dendrites are also common in cast products, where they may become visible by etching of a polished specimen. As dendrites develop further into the liquid metal, they get hotter because they continue to extract heat. If they get too hot, they will remelt. This remelting of the dendrites is called recalescence. Dendrites also form during the freezing of many nonmetallic substances such as ice. Dendrites usually form under non-equilibrium conditions. A common dendritic metal material is nickel carbonyl, where the particles have a classical "spiky" morphology. An application of dendritic growth in directional solidification is gas turbine engine blades which are used at high temperatures and must handle high stresses along the major axes. At high temperatures, grain boundaries are weaker than grains. In order to minimize the effect on properties, grain boundaries are aligned parallel to the dendrites. The first alloy used in this application was a nickel-based alloy (MAR M-200) with 12.5% tungsten, which accumulated in the dendrites during solidification. This resulted in blades with high strength and creep resistance extending along the length of the casting, giving improved properties compared to the traditionally-cast equivalent. </doc> <doc id="2343257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343257" title="The Ponys (band)"> The Ponys (band) The Ponys are an American indie rock/garage rock band from Chicago, Illinois. The Ponys was formed by singer/guitarist Jered Gummere, in early 2001. Gummere was concurrently in the punk band, Guilty Pleasures, at the time of The Ponys’ formation. He eventually left to devote himself entirely to The Ponys. Gummere recruited members of the band, his first choice being girlfriend Melissa Elias whom he met while she was attending Illinois State University in his hometown. Together they experimented with indie/post-punk styles. The two began to write songs, and were joined by ex-Mushuganas drummer, Nathan Jerde. The Ponys began touring the Chicago club circuit and would then record their first singles on Contaminated and Big Neck records. Concerned their sound was lacking, Gummere asked Ian Adams, a member of Happy Supply to join the band. After releasing a few more singles, the Ponys signed with In the Red Records (based in Los Angeles), due to widespread circulation. The band was set to record their first album, "Laced with Romance", in Detroit with producer Jim Diamond. Their initial release, "Laced With Romance", met with moderate critical success . The album reached media from local indie-zines such as Horizontal Action, to mainstream-America music publications like Rolling Stone and Spin. The Ponys toured to support their album, with bands like The Unicorns, The Fall, and The Fiery Furnaces. Despite some members wanting to leave due mostly to exhaustion, The Ponys continued and began to record their second album. Wanting to record locally they met with Chicago-based producer Steve Albini, who had previously worked with artists such as PJ Harvey, The Pixies, and Nirvana. The Ponys began recording in late 2004 and were finished in four days. The album held a much cleaner tone than the first, but still retained the recognizable live sound that they were known for. Later that year, Ian Adams left the band, tired of touring and was replaced by Brian Case of 90 Day Men. "Celebration Castle" was released in early 2005 and the band continued touring. Since recording "Celebration Castle", the Ponys have left In the Red Records and signed with the New York-based indie label Matador Records. They recorded their third album, titled "Turn The Lights Out", in the fall of 2006. The album was released March 20, 2007. Guitarist Brian Case currently plays in Disappears. </doc> <doc id="2343259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343259" title="Joseph Smit"> Joseph Smit Joseph Smit (18 July 1836 – 4 November 1929) was a Dutch zoological illustrator. Smit was born in Lisse. He received his first commission from Hermann Schlegel at the Leiden Museum to work on the lithographs for a book on the birds of the Dutch East Indies. In 1866 he was invited to Britain by Philip Sclater to do the lithography for Sclater's "Exotic Ornithology"; he prepared a hundred images for the book. He also did the lithography for his friend Joseph Wolf's "Zoological Sketches", as well as Daniel Giraud Elliot's monographs on the Phasianidae and Paradisaeidae. Beginning in the 1870s, he worked on the "Catalogue of the Birds in the British Museum" (1874–1898, edited by Richard Bowdler Sharpe), and later on Lord Lilford's "Coloured Figures of the Birds of the British Islands". Smit contributed illustrations to John Gould's books on birds of different parts of the world, along with leading Victorian era wildlife artists including Wolf, Edward Lear, William Hart, Henry Constantine Richter and J.G. Keulemans. He also provided many of the illustrations of dinosaurs and other fossil creatures for the popular book "Extinct Monsters" (1892) by Henry Neville Hutchinson. He died in his home on Cobden Hill, Radlett, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom on 4 November 1929 at age 93. His son Pierre Jacques Smit (born October 1863 at Leiderdorp – 1960), who used the name Peter Smit, was also a zoological illustrator. </doc> <doc id="2343262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343262" title="Merseyside Police"> Merseyside Police Merseyside Police is the territorial police force responsible for policing Merseyside in North West England. The service area is 647 square kilometres with a population of around 1.5 million. As of September 2017 the service has 3,484 police officers, 1,619 police staff, 253 police community support officers, 155 designated officers and 208 special constables. In terms of officer numbers, the force is the 8th largest of the 48 police forces of the United Kingdom. However, in terms of geographic area of responsibility, it is the 3rd smallest of the territorial police forces after the City of London Police and Cleveland Police. The force is led by Chief Constable Andy Cooke. The service came into being in 1974 when Merseyside was created, and is a successor to the Liverpool and Bootle Constabulary (itself formed in 1967 by a merger of the Liverpool City Police with the Bootle Borough Police), along with parts of Cheshire Constabulary and Lancashire Constabulary. A proposal to merge the force with the Cheshire Constabulary to form a strategic police force was made by the Home Secretary on 6 February 2006 but later abandoned. Merseyside maintained in 2018 it could lose 300 officers, reducing the force to 3,172. This would be a 31% reduction since 2010 when there were 4,616 officers. Since 15 November 2012 the Merseyside Police and Crime Commissioner is Jane Kennedy. The police and crime commissioner is scrutinised by the Merseyside Police and Crime Panel, made up of elected councillors from the local authorities in Merseyside. Before November 2012 the Merseyside Police Authority was the police governance. Merseyside Police is divided into five Basic Command Units (BCUs), one in each of the metropolitan boroughs that make up Merseyside. The BCUs are: There are many different departments that make up Merseyside Police. These include the Matrix Disruption Team and, formerly, the Anti-Social Behaviour Taskforce. Chief Constable, Andy Cooke is concerned about budget cuts. Cooke stated, “The impact of the proposed changes on police officer pensions [forcing police forces to pay pensions out of their budget] cannot, and should not, be underestimated. It is incumbent on me to ensure that those who will make the final decisions in relation to the pension changes understand the crippling impact these changes will have on policing.”.” The Matrix Disruption Team, led by a Chief Inspector, consists of syndicates made up of Inspectors, Sergeants and Constables. Each syndicate works with other Matrix units to provide the force with a level two response to gun crime, faction based criminality and cash-in-transit robberies. They are the first response to any major large-scale disorder within the Merseyside force area. These officers are specifically trained to deal with a variety of disorder situations, ranging from small protests to large-scale crowd disorder. The Matrix team uses marked yellow Mercedes Sprinter vans with the slogan "Matrix - A force to be reckoned with" on the left of the vehicle. Public order is one of the main functions of the department and therefore all officers receive the required training and are subjected to rigorous training scenarios. Matrix has a number of baton gun trained specialist officers: two Sergeants and ten Constables. The Matrix team also have specialist search teams and rope access teams. The team also uses a marked Vauxhall Vectra Estate but this does not have any Matrix markings on, just the usual Merseyside livery. The Anti-Social Behaviour Taskforce dealt with people who were alleged to be creating anti-social behaviour. They also made raids for drugs and known offenders who were alleged to be lowering the standard of life for the community. They used yellow Mercedes Sprinter police vans (QV01, 02 & 03) with special markings on the side to show that they were used by the ASB Taskforce. They had different numbers on, which included QV0 + another digit (Units ranged from QV01 - QV05 with QV90 as the mobile police station). There was also an ASB Taskforce Peugeot Expert van (QV05) and a 2009 Ford Focus Estate (QV04). The unit was initially known as "Axis", but the use of this name was dropped around the end of 2007. It was publicly announced on 9 July 2010 that as a result of budget reductions, this department would be closed and they disbanded in early 2011. Merseyside Police Mounted Section has a long history. It is the oldest Provincial Mounted section, formed in 1886 as part of Liverpool City Police. It is an integral part of the Operational Support Unit, and is based at Greenhill Road, Allerton, Liverpool. The mounted section is an operational specialist section with a staff of 1 Inspector, 2 Sergeants, 14 Constables, 6 civilian stable hands and 14 horses. The section provides neighbourhoods with an alternative response to reduce the incidents of crime & disorder, using an intelligence-led approach, a tactical option in relation to public order & major incidents, as well as high visibility patrolling at football matches, rugby matches, race meetings and other special events. Each area within the force has its own allocation of dogs and handlers who work alongside the neighbourhood patrol section. There are currently 70 general purpose dogs in the force area, 16 of these have extended training for deployment alongside colleagues from the firearms department. Merseyside Police, like most forces, rely on the German Shepherd Dog for their general purpose police dog work. All general purpose work involves the dogs' outstanding sense of smell, several hundred times superior to that of a human. The dog handler takes advantage of the dogs' natural abilities to search for and detect human scent. The force also utilises both English Springer Spaniels and Labradors for their specialist detection roles; drugs, firearms, explosives and cadaver. These are the preferred breeds as they have extremely high energy levels and are able to search for long periods. The force currently operates 29 specialist dogs to carry out these detection roles. The department uses vehicles including Ford Focus Estate, Vauxhall Astra Estate, Ford Transit and a Ford Mondeo Estate. Today all air support to policing in England and Wales is provided by the National Police Air Service. Prior to this Merseyside Police Air Support Group was set up in late 1989 in response to an increase in the number of high speed vehicle pursuits that were occurring after burglaries had been committed outside of the force area. The unit was disbanded in July 2011 amid budget cuts with the loss of its helicopter and Woodvale base. The early days saw the unit based at Liverpool Airport, but due to rising costs, the unit moved to RAF Woodvale and purpose built accommodation. Prior to the establishment of NPAS Merseyside shared Air Support with Cheshire, Greater Manchester, North Wales and Lancashire as the North West Regional Air Support Group. Merseyside Police has a wide fleet of vehicles. Scientific Support vehicles were usually Peugeot Expert vans equipped with a high intensity roof mounted light which allows forensic examinations to be completed in all lighting conditions. In 2007 and 2010 some of these were replaced by Ford Transit Connects meaning the Peugeot Experts are rare nowadays. Roads Policing Unit (RPU) vehicles are generally Vauxhall Vectras, Volvo V70 T5s, Volvo V70 S D5s, Land Rover Range Rovers, Ford Mondeo Estates, BMW 530ds, BMW 330ds and BMW X5s, the majority of which are mainly equipped with automatic number plate recognition (ANPR). Armed Response Vehicles (ARV) also use a wide range of vehicles, including Vauxhall Omega Estates, Vauxhall Vectra Estates, Volvo V50 Estates, Volvo V70 Estates, BMW X5s and Mercedes Vitos which are all equipped with ANPR. The response/patrol cars for Merseyside Police are Hyundai i30 which replaced the Ford Focus, that are being phased out, in 2011. The force also has yellow/orange liveried vans. These are mobile CCTV and patrolling vehicles and the Peugeot Expert van was generally the vehicle used, up until late 2008 where they started to be replaced by Ford Transit Connect vans. In addition, yellow Mercedes-Benz Sprinter vans are the main protected vehicles. These are used by a wide number of departments, including Matrix and the Anti-Social Behaviour task force. The Mercedes Sprinter can utilise an onboard ANPR system, a grille that drops down onto the front windscreen to help protect the officers from thrown missiles at public order incidents, fire suppression equipment within the engine bay, perspex windows, a loudspeaker facility and finally a mounted spotlight on top of the lightbar to light up scenes at night. In late 2012 Merseyside Police took delivery of three OVIK PANGOLIN Armoured Public Order Vehicles. These vehicles will be used from public order to counter terrorist operations. These vehicles are also in use with the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Off-road vehicles used by the force include Land Rover Defenders, scrambler motorbikes and quad bikes to target anti-social behaviour in parks. Unmarked police vehicles include BMW 3 series; Ford Galaxy; Vauxhall Omega. As of 2017 Merseyside Police are one of the few British police forces to have retained the traditional white shirt and black tie or chequered cravat as part of the everyday patrol uniform. Officers on foot patrol wear the custodian helmet in the comb style, or bowler hat. A fluorescent overcoat is usually worn at night or when high-visibility is required, otherwise a black waterproof overcoat with reflective markings is worn. Officers travelling in vehicles wear the flat-cap or bowler and tend not to wear an overcoat. Additionally, all officers are provided with stab-vests, though on the Wirral these are not worn routinely by officers travelling in vehicles. Officers in the specialist units wear tactical uniforms of the sort often used by everyday patrol officers in other forces, including combat trousers and black wicking polo shirts. Merseyside Police is a partner in the following collaborations: The Police Roll of Honour Trust lists and commemorates all British police officers killed in the line of duty. The Police Memorial Trust since its establishment in 1984 has erected over 38 memorials to some of those officers. The following officers of Merseyside Police are listed by the Trust as having died during the time of their service, since the turn of the 20th century: </doc> <doc id="2343264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343264" title="Ranks in the French Army"> Ranks in the French Army Rank insignia in the French army are worn on the sleeve or on shoulder marks of uniforms, and range up to the highest rank of Marshal of France, a state honour denoted with a seven-star insignia that was last conferred posthumously on Marie Pierre Koenig in 1984. Rank insignia in the French army depend on whether the soldier belongs to an infantry or cavalry unit. The infantry arms ("armes à pied") include normal infantry, naval troops, the Foreign Legion and engineers; cavalry arms ("armes à cheval") include armoured cavalry, artillery, maintenance and logistics. Sleeves are emblazoned with marks denoting either gold insignia for the infantry or silver/white for the cavalry. However, the artillery uses gold as the main colour, despite being a cavalry branch, and spahis use gold as the main colour despite being part of the cavalry, a distinction representing the armoured cavalry. The title of "marshal of France" ("maréchal de France") is awarded as a distinction, rather than a rank. The marshals wear seven stars and carry a baton. Famous examples include Turenne, Vauban, Joachim Murat, Michel Ney, Bazaine, Guillaume Brune, Louis Nicolas Davout, Duke de MacMahon, de Canrobert, André Masséna, de Hautecloque, de Tassigny, Marie Pierre Koenig and Alphonse Juin. As a distinction rather than a rank, the title of Marshal is granted through a special law voted by the French Parliament. For this reason, it is impossible to demote a Marshal. The most famous example is Philippe Pétain, who became famous as "Maréchal Pétain", chief of state of the Vichy France regime. When he was tried for high treason, the judges were empowered to demote his other ranks and titles, but due to the principle of separation of powers, the judges had no authority to cancel the law that had made Pétain a Marshal and it remained the only title he kept after being sentenced. Six marshals of France have been given the even more exalted rank of "Marshal General of France" ("Maréchal général de France"): Duke de Biron, Duke de Lesdiguières, Viscount de Turenne, de Villars, Count de Saxe and de Dieu Soult. Although they all wear the same insignia and titles, officers are divided into: There is no distinction between infantry and cavalry generals, since they are all supposed to be able to command any type of unit. The rank was formerly designated as Lieutenant-General of the Armies until 1791. The official historic succession of the "Lieutenant-General of France" corresponded to Général de division for the French Army, and Vice-Amiral (Vice-Admiral) for the French Navy. The rank of Général de corps d'armée wasn't officially adopted until 1939, along with five other French Armed Forces ranks. In the below descriptions, "horse-mounted" does not refer to current units (the only remaining horse-mounted unit is a ceremonial unit in the Republican Guard) but to the traditional affiliation of the units. The word "colonel" originates in the medieval term "capitaine colonel", "the head (officer) of a column" (=regiment). Lieutenant-colonel is the one who can "hold the place" of a colonel in his absence ("lieu-tenant", from "tenir lieu" which means "to hold the place"). The word "chef" or "chief" in English comes from the Latin word "caput" meaning "head". A "colonel" commands a regiment of the army or a "groupement" of the Gendarmerie. During the French Revolution, they were called "chef de brigade". Cavalry arms wear silver. The origin of the difference in metal colour is that infantry officers once wore silver epaulettes, while those of the cavalry and other arms wore gold, and the colour of the rank badge had to differ from these metals in each case. The "lieutenant-colonel" has the same responsibilities as a colonel. They were called "major" during the First French Empire. Notice that the metal colours alternate silver and gold in each case, as opposed to those of the colonels. This characteristic goes back at least to alternating stripes on the uniforms of that empire in epaulettes. "Commandant" (also called "chef de bataillon" in the infantry, "chef d'escadrons" in the cavalry and "chef d'escadron" in the artillery and in the army light aviation) is equivalent to a major in most English-speaking countries. A "capitaine" is in command of a company ("compagnie") of infantry, a squadron ("escadron") of cavalry or a battery ("batterie") of artillery. A "lieutenant" (lieutenant or first lieutenant) commands a platoon ("section") of infantry, a troop ("peloton") of cavalry, or a "brigade" of the "Gendarmerie". A "Sous-lieutenant" (sub-lieutenant or second lieutenant) commands at the same level as a "lieutenant", but is a more junior officer rank. Note the difference with many army rank systems of other countries where the term "major" is used for a rank above that of "captain". For example, the rank of "major" in the US Army or British army is equivalent to the rank of "commandant" in the French army. Etymologically the "adjudant" is the "adjoint" ("joint (assistant)") of an officer, and the sergeant "serves" (Latin: serviens = English: servant). "Aspirants" are cadet officers still in training. "Sous-lieutenants" are junior officers and are often aided by "adjudants" or "adjudants-chefs", who are experienced NCOs/warrant officers. Full "lieutenants" are experienced junior officers, served by sergeants when commanding their unit. A four chevron "sergent-chef-major" rank existed until 1947. It was a ceremonial rank usually given to the most senior or experienced NCO in a unit, similar to a colour sergeant in the British Army. It was discontinued in the post-war army due to its redundancy. Junior enlisted grades have different cloth stripe and beret colour depending on the service they are assigned to. "Troupes métropolitaines" ("from the French mainland") units wear blue, "Troupes de marine" (the former "troupes coloniales") wear red, and the "Légion Étrangere" (Foreign Legion) units wear green. A red beret indicates a paratrooper, whether from the "troupes de marine" or not. A legionnaire paratrooper wears a green beret with the general parachutist badge on it, the same badge used by all French Army paratroopers who completed their training. Senior grades' lace stripe metal depends on their arm of service, just like the "officiers". Infantry and support units wear gold stripes and cavalry and technical services units wear silver stripes. There are also distinctions to distinguish volunteers and conscripts, and bars for experience (one for five years, up to four can be obtained). These ranks apply the word "commissaire" in light of their participation and role in the Commissariat Service of the army. The following national armes use a similar rank structure and rank insignia to those used by the French Army of today: </doc> <doc id="2343269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343269" title="Brus Laguna"> Brus Laguna Brus Laguna () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Gracias a Dios. The municipality's population is about 13,200 inhabitants. It is served by Brus Laguna Airport, a gravel airstrip south of town. </doc> <doc id="2343270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343270" title="Ahuas"> Ahuas Ahuas () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Gracias a Dios. It is served by Ahuas Airport. </doc> <doc id="2343272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343272" title="Juan Francisco Bulnes"> Juan Francisco Bulnes Juan Francisco Bulnes () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Gracias a Dios. The total population of the municipality was 6,407 in 2015. The rivers Abajo and Platano along with the lagoon of Ibans form the major water systems of the municipality. Almost all the localities are located next to these water systems with Ibans being the biggest. The only health centre of the municipality is located in Ibans. </doc> <doc id="2343274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343274" title="Ramón Villeda Morales (municipality)"> Ramón Villeda Morales (municipality) Ramón Villeda Morales is a municipality in the Honduran department of Gracias a Dios. It was named after a Former President Ramon Villeda Morales </doc> <doc id="2343277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343277" title="Wampusirpi"> Wampusirpi Wampusirpi () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Gracias a Dios. The municipality has 26 different localities with the largest being Wampusirpi, which is also the municipal head. The municipality is located west of the capital city of Puerto Lempira, sharing borders with Ahuas to the north, Gualaco to the west and sharing an international border with Nicaragua to the south. The municipality has very low development indicators. Accessibility to the municipality is very limited. Flying from other municipalities of the department or connection via river route, via the River Patuca, are the only ways to access the municipality. Within the municipality, different localities can only be accessed by river. Terrain roads only exist in the largest locality of Wampusirpi. Electricity is still not available and diesel generators are used by seldom few privileged. The municipality has a Maternal and Infant clinic in the main locality of Wampusirpi and a health centre in another important locality of Krausirpi. Malaria is rampant in the municipality along with other infectious diseases. </doc> <doc id="2343284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343284" title="Rugby union at the 1924 Summer Olympics"> Rugby union at the 1924 Summer Olympics At the 1924 Summer Olympics held in Paris, United States beat the other two competitors in the rugby union tournament, winning the gold medal. In September 1923, the U.S. Olympic Committee once again agreed to send an American rugby team to the 1924 Paris Olympics to defend their title. The French Olympic Committee (FOC) had scheduled the rugby event to kick off the 1924 Paris Games, and Romania and the USA were to provide only token opposition for the European Champions, France the team was picked to win the gold medal in grand style. A Stanford All-American halfback, Norman Cleaveland who was one of the first athletes to respond to the call putout through the press in the Fall of 1923, he said ""They were looking for a punching bag ... We were told to go to Paris and take our beatings like gentlemen"". Nevertheless, seven players of the 1920 team together with a host of large American football players making up a 22-man squad, raised $20,000 and headed for England to prepare where they were beaten four times in practice sessions. The coach Charles Austin was relying on his team's size, speed, stamina, and raw athletic ability to compensate for its technical deficiencies. The USA Olympic rugby team arrived in Paris, via England on 27 April 1924, after a 6,000 mile journey by train, bus, ship, and ferry from Oakland, California. The young American athletes expected to be welcomed to France with kisses on both cheeks, they were unpleasantly surprised. The team was the target of hostility even before the players set foot on French soil. French journalists branded them ""streetfighters and saloon brawlers"" after a brouhaha in the port of Boulogne where immigration officials mistakenly refused the team entry, and the players – many of whom had been seasick during the turbulent crossing – forced their way off the ship onto dry land. The American rugby players' reputation only deteriorated. When Paris authorities cancelled previously arranged games against local club teams and restricted American workouts to a patch of scrub land next to their hotel, the players responded by marching down to Colombes Stadium, scaling the fence, and going through their paces on the hallowed turf. The Olympic games of 1924 opened on 4 May with a match between France and Romania. Playing its first fifteen, the French notched a 61 to 3 victory (some say 59-3) over the smaller eastern European team, scoring 13 tries including four by the fine Stade Francais winger Adolphe Jauréguy. After the match, another round of trouble started over the referee for the France - USA match. An earlier selection of British Admiral Percy Royds was deemed unacceptable by US team manager Sam Goodman. The dispute degraded into the French no longer providing any practice fields for the team, so the Americans found themselves a park. Fanning the flames, the French press published an article by a Paris City Counselor questioning the amateur status of the American players. The Americans invited the Frenchman to come down to the pitch to discuss the matter. To make matters worse, an argument started over the French Olympic Committee's ruling that the American side could not film their match against Romania that weekend. A French company had been awarded sole rights to filming the Olympics, and an American request to film the match was flatly denied. A meeting on the 8th did not resolve the issue, so Sam Goodman told the French organizers that the US might pull out of the Games. Adding fuel to the fire, the American players' clothes were robbed during that day's training session. Even though a French attendant had been posted, the team lost about $4,000 worth of cash and possessions. Cleaveland and his teammates were not very happy, and because of their treatment in the press, the American side was now being cursed and spat on in the streets of Paris. The American expatriate community in Paris was even staying well clear of them. The French press now whipped up fierce anti-American sentiment in Paris. The next day, the French agreed to allow the Romanian match to be filmed for historical and educational purposes. A selection featuring only six of the US starting fifteen was also announced for the match. On Sunday, 11 May, the US pounded Romania 37 to 0 at Colombes Stadium. With Norman at flyhalf, Richard Hyland at center, and Jack Patrick at flanker, the US ran rampant through the Romanians, scoring nine tries. Fullback Charlie Doe had a good day kicking, scoring 13 points. With the impressive win, though, a difficult situation was brewing. Each time the Americans touched the ball, the French crowd of about 6000 booed and hissed. Conversely, they cheered and screamed each time the Romanians gained any possession, even though the Americans never let the Romanians within kicking distance of their own goal, and won every lineout and all but one scrum. And though everyone felt that the Americans would play a harsh, physical match, both the American and French sporting press noted the lack of violence and the skilled nature of US play, coupled with their size and fitness. Some of the French press even conceded that the fans had been unfair at the match. Still the odds were set at 5 to 1 against the US with a 20-point spread in the upcoming match with France. Two days later, the issue over the final's referee was settled when Sam Freethy of Wales was selected. That day, the team also moved from their hotel to the newly constructed Olympic housing. It seemed that the hotel's proprietor became upset that night before due to "a little college cheering and rollicking" by the American players. During the final between and the at Colombes Stadium, French fans booed and hissed the American team for the remainder of the game after star player Adolphe Jauréguy was flattened by a hard tackle two minutes after the opening whistle, leaving him unconscious with blood pouring down his face and having to be carried off the field on a stretcher. In the second half, French fans threw bottles and rocks onto the field and at American players and officials, wild brawls broke out in the stands, U.S. reserve Gideon Nelson was knocked unconscious after being hit in the face by a walking stick, and French fans invaded the pitch at the final whistle, leaving the French team, aided by the police, to protect the Americans. At the medal ceremony, "The Star Spangled Banner" was drowned out by the booing and hissing of French fans, and the American team had to be escorted to their locker room under police protection. </doc> <doc id="2343285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343285" title="Roxton"> Roxton Roxton may refer to one of these places: </doc> <doc id="2343292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343292" title="Ho?: Horie Yui Character Best Album"> Ho?: Horie Yui Character Best Album Ho?: Horie Yui Character Best Album, also known as , is a compilation album by Yui Horie released in 2004. It features songs from various Japanese anime shows, including music from "Love Hina" and "Fruits Basket". It also has exclusive new versions of the "Love Hina" songs "Sakura saku" and "Itsumademo dokomademo". </doc> <doc id="2343294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343294" title="Reflekt"> Reflekt Reflekt is an English electronic music group consisting of DJ/remixer/producers Seb Fontaine and Jay Peake (aka Jay P. - one half of Stretch & Vern), with Delline Bass providing vocals. They are best known for their 2004 club hit, "Need to Feel Loved", which reached number 1 on the British Dance Chart. The song sampled "Ghosts", the theme music song from the 2002 film "The Road to Perdition" and was featured in the 2005 British/Canadian film "It's All Gone Pete Tong". "Need to Feel Loved" reached number 14 on the UK Singles Chart in March 2005. </doc> <doc id="2343295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343295" title="Front for National Salvation"> Front for National Salvation The Front for National Salvation (FRONASA) was a Ugandan rebel group formed by Yoweri Museveni in 1972. Kikosi Maalum (led by Milton Obote) and FRONASA, as well as several smaller groups including Save Uganda Movement and Uganda Freedom Union, formed the Uganda National Liberation Front (UNLF) and its military wing the Uganda National Liberation Army (UNLA) in 1979 to fight alongside Tanzanian forces against Idi Amin. </doc> <doc id="2343299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343299" title="Peter Wadhams"> Peter Wadhams Peter Wadhams ScD (born 14 May 1948), is professor of Ocean Physics, and Head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group in the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics, University of Cambridge. He is best known for his work on sea ice. Wadhams has been the leader of 40 polar field expeditions. Wadhams advocates for the use of climate engineering to mitigate climate change. </doc> <doc id="2343300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343300" title="The Birds, The Bees &amp; The Monkees"> The Birds, The Bees &amp; The Monkees The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees is the fifth studio album by The Monkees released in April 1968. It was the first Monkees album not to reach Billboard's number one, peaking at No. 3 in the U.S. charts. It was also their first album to miss the UK charts altogether, with their four previous efforts all having reached the top ten. The album has sold over a million copies. While 1968 would go on to present several misfortunes for the band (their television series was canceled; their first motion picture project, "Head", failed at the box office; their television special, "33⅓ Revolutions per Monkee", arguably fared even worse; and in December, Peter Tork left the group), "The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees" proved to be another successful album, yielding the group's sixth million-selling single in "Valleri" and yet another No. 1 in "Daydream Believer," written by former Kingston Trio member John Stewart. Coincidentally, both songs had been holdovers from previous albums: "Valleri" had originally been recorded more than a year prior for the television show (the version on this album is a new production) and "Daydream Believer" had been recorded for their previous album, "Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones Ltd.". "Tapioca Tundra," an experimental piece of poetry put to music by Nesmith, charted well as the B-side to "Valleri" and reached No. 34. After gaining complete artistic control over their musical direction and being allowed to play instruments on their own records in early 1967, the success of "Headquarters" and "Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones Ltd." began to somewhat rebuff the critics who viewed The Monkees as a band of talentless individuals who were simply lucky enough to gain recognition through their "manufactured" origins. The desire and focus, however, to remain as a complete band unit in the studio evaporated after the "Pisces" album, when each individual band member began to produce his own sessions with his own selected studio musicians, often at entirely different studios around the Los Angeles area. According to Chip Douglas, “Peter kind of drifted away first, and then everybody did. Everyone wanted to do their own songs and produce them the way they wanted to hear them." An agreement was made to label all finished efforts as "Produced by The Monkees," but in reality, beyond a few exceptions, the recordings featured on "The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees" reverted to the recording process of the first two albums (fewer group dynamics), except now each band member was fully in charge of the sessions. Chip Douglas, producer of The Monkees' previous two albums, fully expected to continue as the band's representative in the studio, but found the individual Monkees more interested in exploring their diverse musical backgrounds with their own friends and associates rather than relying on Douglas as the central figure. Douglas continues, "I was ready to do that Boyce & Hart song ‘P.O. Box 9847’ – it sort of had that ‘Paperback Writer’ feel on the demo. We passed on it for "Pisces", and I began to think, ‘Well, we should do that one now.’ Then somebody said, ‘Chip, we’re not working with you anymore; we’re gonna do our own thing.’” While being credited as the producers, in reality the Monkees were assisted in the studio by Colgems President and head of Screen Gems-Columbia Publishing Lester Sill, jazz musician and arranger Shorty Rogers, or future manager and later, MCA Vice President, Brendan Cahill. “At that point their