<doc id="2336433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336433" title="Helena Carroll"> Helena Carroll Helena Winifred Carroll (13 November 1928 – 31 March 2013) was a veteran film, television and stage actress. Born to clothing designer Helena Reilly and Abbey Theatre playwright Paul Vincent Carroll, she was the youngest of three sisters. Her elder sisters were Theresa Elizabeth Perez (1924-2001), a classically trained musician and the producer/founder of the "People's Pops Concerts" in Phoenix, Arizona, and journalist Kathleen Moira Carroll (1927-2007). Miss Carroll attended Clerkhill Notre Dame High School, a Roman Catholic convent school in Dumbarton. She received her training at the Central School which later became the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art London, appearing in three plays in London's West End and a film, "Midnight Episode", by age 20. She made her Broadway debut in "Separate Tables" by Terence Rattigan. She moved to the U.S. during the 1950s, touring and performing on Broadway and co-founded, with Dermot McNamara, The Irish Players, a repertory theater company in Manhattan. At the dawn of television, Miss Carroll played the leading role of Nora, in a television production of her father's play, "The White Steed" (1959 Play of the Week Series), directed by Joe Gisterak. Gisterak directed a 1980 commissioned opera of her father's play, "Beauty is Fled", as part of the "Children's Opera Series", which her sister, Theresa Perez founded. The opera was performed at the Phoenix Symphony Hall. Helena split her stage work between Dublin, London and New York, appearing on Broadway in, among other productions the original production of "Oliver!" as Mrs. Sowerberry, as well as "Pickwick", "Design for Living", "Waiting in the Wings", and the Elizabeth Taylor-Richard Burton revivals of "Private Lives" (New York and Los Angeles). Prompted by friends who had preceded her to Los Angeles, producer Al Simon and casting director Caro Jones (the latter of whom gave Les Moonves, now president of CBS, his first job in the biz), Carroll moved to Los Angeles in the late 1960s and appeared in numerous films and television programs, including John Huston's Academy Award nominated film "The Dead", "The Friends of Eddie Coyle" starring Robert Mitchum, "The Jerk", directed by Carl Reiner and starring Steve Martin, "The Mambo Kings", the Warren Beatty remake of "Love Affair", the 1979 NBC mini-series "Backstairs at the White House", and such television programs as "General Hospital", "The Edge of Night", "Loving Couples", "Laverne and Shirley", "Murder She Wrote", etc. Carroll resided in Los Angeles, and died in Marina del Rey, California from heart failure on 31 March 2013 at the age of 84. Her last stage performance was in 2007 at the age of 78. She is survived by a half brother, Brian Carroll; a niece, Helena Perez Reilly; and a great-nephew, Paul Vincent Reilly. </doc> <doc id="2336437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336437" title="Mario Sammarco"> Mario Sammarco (Giuseppe) Mario Sammarco (13 December 1868, although some sources say 1867 – 24 January 1930) was an Italian operatic baritone noted for his acting ability. Sammarco was born in Palermo, Sicily, and studied locally with Antonio Cantelli. He made his operatic début in Palermo as Valentine in "Faust" in 1888. He subsequently sang to acclaim in Milan (at La Scala, Italy's most celebrated theatre), Buenos Aires and London. Between 1904 and 1919 he appeared intermittently, in 26 different roles, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. In New York City, he was hired by Oscar Hammerstein I for his Manhattan Opera Company as a replacement for the great French singing-actor Maurice Renaud. He sang with the Manhattan company in 1908-1910, becoming its principal Italian baritone, but he never 'graduated' to the rival Metropolitan Opera. Sammarco next joined the Chicago–Philadelphia opera company. His career there continued smoothly enough until 1913 when he encountered a disapproving Mary Garden in a Chicago production of "Tosca". The soprano requested that he be replaced; but after he named some of his former distinguished (and uncomplaining) Tosca partners, notably Emmy Destinn, the performances proceeded to be given to critical success. His final operatic appearances were at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples in 1919. Apart from Scarpia (his debut role at Covent Garden), he was a famous Rigoletto, Marcello, Germont, Renato, Enrico and Amleto, appearing opposite some of the finest singers of his day. No bel canto specialist, he was at his best in ardent verismo works, creating the roles of Gerard in Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" in 1896 and Cascart in Leoncavallo's "Zazà" in 1900. Sammarco was active during an era that was thronged with Italian baritones of exceptional ability. It was no small achievement for him to carve out a lucrative international career in the face of powerful competition from the likes of Mattia Battistini, Antonio Magini-Coletti, Giuseppe Campanari, Mario Ancona, Giuseppe Pacini, Antonio Scotti, Eugenio Giraldoni, Riccardo Stracciari, Titta Ruffo, Domenico Viglione Borghese, Pasquale Amato and Carlo Galeffi. He taught singing after retiring from the stage and died in Milan. Sammarco possessed a strong voice with a powerful upper register; but of all the celebrated singers preserved on early recordings, Sammarco's are regarded as the most disappointing. The technical quality of his singing disappoints and the timbre of his voice can sound rough; at best he is merely dull. On record, according to Scott and Steane, he has a singular inability to sing less than mezzo forte and has no concept of legato. He impresses most when delivering declamatory passages in verismo operas (see Scott, cited below) including an early (celebrated or notorious) recording with the soprano Emma Carelli from Tosca, complete with peals of laughter; even in these "specialist" roles, his singing is unimaginative and crude. Many of the depressingly numerous 78-rpm gramophone records that he made prior to World War I for the Fonotipia, Victor and Pathé companies—and for the forerunner of HMV—are now available on CD reissues from various labels. </doc> <doc id="2336439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336439" title="Colonial (PRR train)"> Colonial (PRR train) The Colonial, also known as the Colonial Express, was a service of the Pennsylvania Railroad and New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad between Union Station in Washington, DC and South Station in Boston, Massachusetts. It was operated until 1973 by Amtrak. The "Colonial" began on January 18, 1892, as a daytime express service between Boston and Washington. From Boston, the train traveled west over the New York, New Haven & Hartford's Shore Line and then the New Rochelle branch to the Harlem River. There, passengers boarded the passenger steamer "Maryland", which carried them to Jersey City, New Jersey. At that time the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) had no station in Manhattan, so passengers heading for New York traveled to Jersey City, then transferred to Manhattan-bound ferries. Passengers continuing south on the "Colonial" boarded a new train in Jersey City, which used the Pennsylvania main line to reach Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Baltimore, Maryland and Washington. In the early 1910s the waterborne segment was dropped; instead, the Boston train ran into Grand Central Terminal, while the Washington train terminated at Penn Station, which had opened in 1910. Passengers used ground transport to move between the two stations, which were a little over a mile apart. In 1917 the opening of the Hell Gate Bridge, which linked the PRR and the New Haven, allowed trains to run directly through Penn Station. The PRR merged into Penn Central Transportation in 1968, which absorbed the NYNH&H in 1969. When Amtrak began operations on May 1, 1971, it took over the "Colonial", which ran as trains 170 and 171 (changed to 173 and 174 in the November 14 timetable). Its last trip was made on April 28, 1973. Amtrak reused the name in 1976 for a new Boston–Newport News train, the "Colonial", which replaced the Newport News section of the "James Whitcomb Riley". </doc> <doc id="2336441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336441" title="Mary Jo Catlett"> Mary Jo Catlett Mary Jo Catlett (born September 2, 1938) is an American actress and comedian. She has been a main cast member on the animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants" since its debut, providing the voice of Mrs. Puff. She is also known for originating the role of Ernestina in the 1964 Broadway production of "Hello, Dolly!" and for playing Pearl Gallagher, the third housekeeper on "Diff'rent Strokes". Catlett began her career as a theater actress in Off-Broadway and Broadway musicals. Since the late 1960s, Catlett has appeared in television shows such as "M*A*S*H", "The Waltons", "The Bob Newhart Show", "The Dukes of Hazzard", and "General Hospital". She received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination at the 1990 ceremony for her work in the latter. She also received an Annie Award nomination in 2001 for her voice-over work as Mrs. Puff. Catlett was born in Denver, Colorado, the daughter of Cornelia M. (née Callaghan) and Robert J. Catlett. Catlett appeared on "General Hospital" (for which she was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award) and in several episodes of the television sitcom "M*A*S*H". She provides the voice of Mrs. Puff in the animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants", as well as the related film "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie" (2004). In 2002, she was nominated for The Annie Award for Best Voice Acting by a Female Performer in an Animated Production for "SpongeBob SquarePants". She also provided the voice for Cousin Larry's mother on the animated series "Kim Possible". Mary Jo Cattlet has also provided voices for "Rugrats", "The Smurfs", "Quack Pack" and "Extreme Ghostbusters". She is also known, prior to her role on "Diff'rent Strokes", for the commercials she did for Black Flag and its pest-control products, particularly the Roach Motel brand. Her many television guest roles include appearances on episodes of "That's So Raven", "Glee" and "Desperate Housewives". She played wrestler "Terrible Tessie" in the first season "Starsky & Hutch" episode "The Omaha Tiger", and as "Cousin Alice", the slow-witted but well-meaning relation of an old acquaintance of the Duke family in the first season "Dukes of Hazzard" episode "Swamp Molly". She had a voice role on the "American Dream Factory" episode of "American Dad!". Catlett appeared in feature films including "Serial Mom", "The Benchwarmers" and "Beethoven's 5th". She has appeared in an episode of "2 Broke Girls" with other veteran character actresses and guest starred on "Shake It Up". </doc> <doc id="2336443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336443" title="Grand Royal"> Grand Royal Grand Royal was the Los Angeles, California-based vanity record label set up in 1992 by the Beastie Boys in conjunction with Capitol Records after the group left Def Jam Recordings. Due to mounting debts, Grand Royal went out of business in 2001. Its assets were sold off via auction on Bid4Assets; these assets did not include any rights to Beastie Boys music. The assets and back catalog were purchased by a group of fans who in turn started GR2 Records. In 2016, GR2 sold the rights and master recordings of Grand Royal's second release "My Crazy Life" to a member of the band Dead Fucking Last. "Grand Royal" was also the name of a magazine written and published by the group. It was most famous for its article "Mulling Over the Mullet" in issue two, which lampooned the mullet hairstyle (the Beastie Boys also recorded a song called "Mullet Head", which was released on Grand Royal on its "Sure Shot" 12-inch single). </doc> <doc id="2336450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336450" title="Ciampa"> Ciampa Ciampa is a surname from Italy. It can refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336453" title="BirdLife International"> BirdLife International BirdLife International (formerly the International Council for Bird Preservation) is a global partnership of conservation organisations that strives to conserve birds, their habitats, and global biodiversity, working with people towards sustainability in the use of natural resources. It is the world's largest partnership of conservation organisations, with over 120 partner organisations. It has a membership of more than 2.5 million people and partner organizations in more than 100 countries. Major partners include Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, the Wild Bird Society of Japan, and the U.S. National Audubon Society. The group’s headquarters are located in Cambridge, UK. BirdLife International’s priorities include preventing extinction of bird species, identifying and safeguarding important sites for birds, maintaining and restoring key bird habitats, and empowering conservationists worldwide. Guided by a global council, member organizations implement the group’s strategies on local, regional, and national levels. BirdLife International has identified 7,500 important bird areas and manages more than 2,500,000 million acres (1,000,000 hectares) of wildlife habitat. As the official listing authority for birds for the World Conservation Union’s Red List of threatened species, BirdLife International has identified more than 1,000 bird species threatened with extinction and has developed conservation strategies for each of them. BirdLife International is a worldwide alliance of nongovernmental organizations that promotes the conservation of birds and their habitats. BirdLife International was founded in 1922 as the "International Council for Bird Preservation" by American ornithologists T. Gilbert Pearson and Jean Theodore Delacour under the name International Committee for Bird Protection. The group was renamed International Committee for Bird Preservation in 1928, International Council for Bird Preservation in 1960, and BirdLife International in 1994. It changed its name in 1993 to "BirdLife International". BirdLife International has conservation work programmes in the following parts of the world, which it describes as "regions" - Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe and Central Asia, the Middle East and the Pacific. There are about 120 regional partners of BirdLife International, including: Within each of these regions, BirdLife has nine programmes - some are well established, others are more recent and responding to specific conservation issues. In addition to the regional programmes, there are "global" programmes, not specific to a region. Together these programmes help the partnership to focus and work on common priorities. They provide the framework for planning, implementing, monitoring and evaluating conservation work. BirdLife programmes are: BirdLife International publishes a quarterly magazine, " BirdLife - The Magazine", which contains recent news and authoritative articles about birds, their habitats, and their conservation around the world. BirdLife International is the official Red List authority for birds, for the International Union for Conservation of Nature. As of 2015, BirdLife has established that 1,375 bird species (13% of the total, or roughly one in eight) are threatened with extinction (in the categories of critically endangered, endangered or vulnerable). </doc> <doc id="2336454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336454" title="Linda Christian"> Linda Christian Linda Christian (November 13, 1923 – July 22, 2011) was a Mexican film actress, who appeared in Mexican and Hollywood films. Her career reached its peak in the 1940s and 1950s. She played Mara in the last Johnny Weissmuller Tarzan film, "Tarzan and the Mermaids" (1948). She is also noted for being the first Bond girl, appearing in a 1954 television adaptation of the James Bond novel "Casino Royale". In 1963 she starred in an episode of "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "An Out for Oscar". Christian was born as Blanca Rosa Welter in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico, a daughter of Dutch engineer and Royal Dutch Shell executive, Gerardus Jacob Welter (1904–1981), and his Mexican-born wife, the former Blanca Rosa Vorhauer (1901-1992), who was of Spanish, German and French descent. The Welter family moved a great deal during Christian's youth, living everywhere from South America and Europe to the Middle East and Africa. As a result of this nomadic lifestyle, Christian became an accomplished polyglot with the ability to speak fluent French, German, Dutch, Spanish, English, Italian and even a bit of haphazard Arabic and Russian. Christian had three younger siblings, a sister, actress Ariadna Gloria Welter (1930–1998), and two brothers, Gerardus Jacob Welter (born 1924) and Edward Albert Welter (born 1932). In her youth Christian's only aspiration was to become a physician. After she graduated from secondary school she had a fortuitous meeting with her screen idol Errol Flynn, who became her lover, and she was persuaded by him to give up her hopes of joining the medical profession, move to Hollywood, and pursue an acting career. Not long after arriving in Hollywood she was spotted by Louis B. Mayer's secretary at a fashion show in Beverly Hills. He offered, and she accepted, a seven-year contract with MGM. Her stage name was invented by Flynn, who gave her the surname of Fletcher Christian of "Mutiny on the Bounty" fame. Flynn had played Fletcher Christian in a 1933 Australian film. In his autobiography, "My Wicked, Wicked Ways", Flynn states that immediately after Linda Christian's screen test, he offered to pay for her to have a couple of crooked teeth fixed. When he got a whopping bill, he discovered that she had taken the opportunity to undergo major cosmetic dentistry. Years later, when he met her again, he said, "Smile, baby – I want to see those choppers: they took their first bite out of me." She made her film debut in the 1944 musical comedy "Up in Arms", co-starring Danny Kaye and Dinah Shore. This movie also happened to be Danny Kaye's own first film. This film was followed by "Holiday in Mexico" (1946), "Green Dolphin Street" (1947), and what was perhaps her best-known film, "Tarzan and the Mermaids" (1948). She was the subject of a well-known photograph published in the January 1, 1949, issue of "Vogue". Christian was the first Bond girl to appear on screen, playing Valerie Mathis (opposite Barry Nelson as James Bond) in the 1954 TV adaptation of "Casino Royale", beating Ursula Andress to the screen by eight years. In 2001, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to her. Christian's fame, however, was largely derived from having been married to (and divorced from) the popular screen idol Tyrone Power (1949–56). The couple married in Rome, Italy, at Santa Francesca Romana church; Christian wore a formfitting gold-damask gown, and the church was decorated with two thousand 'Esther' carnations. She and Power were the parents of singer Romina Power and actress Taryn Power. Romina was one half of the Italian singing duo Al Bano and Romina Power. A month after she divorced Tyrone Power, Christian was seen with Spanish racing driver Alfonso de Portago, who was married to American Carroll de Portago (later Carroll Petrie). Carroll had recently given birth to "Fon's" second child Anthony. De Portago was also dating model Dorian Leigh, mother of his recently born illegitimate son Kim. Linda was photographed with de Portago at the 1957 Mille Miglia car race. The photo shows Christian leaning in to kiss Fon before he drove off and crashed his Ferrari, killing himself, his navigator Ed Nelson and at least ten spectators in the process. The press labeled the photo "The Kiss of Death". De Portago was 28 years old. Her ex-husband, Tyrone Power, died the following year of a heart attack at the age of 44. Christian was later married to the Rome-based British actor Edmund Purdom. On several occasions Christian and Power were offered the opportunity to work together, but for various reasons each offer was refused or rescinded. The most notable opportunity to co-star together came in 1953, when they were offered leading roles in "From Here to Eternity". Power did not want to do the film and rejected the offer. The roles went to Donna Reed and Montgomery Clift. Linda Christian died on July 22, 2011, at the age of 87. </doc> <doc id="2336455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336455" title="Kentucky Cardinal"> Kentucky Cardinal The Kentucky Cardinal was a nightly passenger train operated by Amtrak from 1999 to 2003 between Chicago, Illinois, and Louisville, Kentucky, via Indianapolis, Indiana. On the three days that the "Cardinal" ran, the "Kentucky Cardinal" operated as a section, splitting at Indianapolis. On the other four days, it ran on its own to Chicago. Between May 1971–August 1974 Amtrak's "Floridian" ran from Chicago to Florida via Indianapolis and Louisville. Due to poor track conditions on the Penn Central trackage in Indiana, the train was rerouted to the west north of Nashville, Tennessee. In April 1975 the train was routed back east over the former Monon Railroad, again serving Louisville, but bypassing Indianapolis to the west. The "Floridian" served Louisville until its discontinuance in October 1979. On December 17, 1999, the "Kentucky Cardinal" started running as an extension of the "Hoosier State", which ran four days a week between Chicago and Indianapolis (filling in the gaps in the "Cardinal" schedule). The "Kentucky Cardinal" ran as trains 850 southbound and 851 northbound. Three days of the week, it was grouped with the "Cardinal", trains 50 and 51, north of Indianapolis. The train, operated along trackage that had last been used by the "Floridian" in 1974, was an attempt to attract express business from United Parcel Service, which maintains its air-express hub at Louisville International Airport. At first the train only ran from Indianapolis south to Jeffersonville, Indiana, where a new Amtrak Mail and Express facility was built. The city of Louisville spent $370,000 in 2001 to renovate its Union Station for the service, and on December 4 the "Kentucky Cardinal" started to use a new track on the west side of the Union Station parking lot. The train was handicapped by inconvenient departure and arrival times and slow travel times, especially on the segment from Indianapolis south to Louisville. This segment was operated over the Louisville and Indiana Railroad, which had purchased the line from Conrail in 1994, and had a speed limit of 30 miles per hour (50 km/h) over most of the route due to its jointed rail. This made travel on the "Kentucky Cardinal" slower than automobile traffic on the parallel Interstate 65. With the opening in 1999, Greyhound began running Thruway Motorcoach bus connections from Jeffersonville south to Nashville, Tennessee, with stops at Elizabethtown and Bowling Green, Kentucky. Though rail passenger advocates tried to get the train's route extended to Nashville in an effort to increase ridership, Amtrak lost its mail contract, and the "Kentucky Cardinal" last ran July 4, 2003, restoring the old "Hoosier State" on July 6 (the "Cardinal" ran both ways on July 5). The tracks used were originally part of the Pennsylvania Railroad system, and are now owned by the Louisville and Indiana Railroad. The following lines were used: </doc> <doc id="2336460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336460" title="Isaiah Thomas (publisher)"> Isaiah Thomas (publisher) Isaiah Thomas (January 19, 1749 – April 4, 1831) was an American newspaper publisher and author. He performed the first public reading of the Declaration of Independence in Worcester, Massachusetts, and reported the first account of the Battles of Lexington and Concord. He was the founder of the American Antiquarian Society. Thomas was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was apprenticed on July 7, 1756 to Zechariah Fowle, a Boston printer, with whom, after working as a printer in Halifax, Portsmouth (New Hampshire) and Charleston (South Carolina), he formed a partnership in 1770. The partnership was formed to publish the "Massachusetts Spy", and lasted for three months, after which Thomas continued publication alone. For the paper's motto, he chose "Open to all parties, but influenced by none." Initially it came out three times each week, then (under his sole ownership) as a semi-weekly, and beginning in 1771, as a weekly. The paper soon espoused the Whig cause and was the object of government efforts to suppress it. In 1771 Gov. Thomas Hutchinson ordered the attorney general to prosecute Thomas, but the grand jury failed to find cause for indictment. In Boston, in 1774, Thomas published the "Royal American Magazine", which was continued for a short time by Joseph Greenleaf, and which contained many engravings by Paul Revere. Wary of the Tories' growing resentment of the independence of the "Spy", on April 16, 1775 (three days before the Battle of Concord, in which he took part), Thomas took his presses from Boston and set them up in Worcester. His other property was destroyed. In Worcester, he published and sold books, built a paper mill and bindery, and continued the paper until 1802 save for gaps in 1776–1778 and in 1786–1788. The "Spy" supported George Washington and the Federalist Party. He was also postmaster for a time. Thomas married Mary Fowle, described as a "half-cousin", on May 26, 1779. Around 1802, Thomas gave his Worcester business over to his son, including the control of the "Spy". From 1775 until 1803, Thomas published the "New England Almanac", continued until 1819 by his son, Isaiah Thomas, Jr. It had something of the flavor of Benjamin Franklin's "Poor Richard's Almanac". In 1786 he procured from Europe the first font of music type that was brought to the United States, and he was the first printer in the U.S. to use such type. He was engaged at Walpole, New Hampshire, in book publishing and printing the "Farmer's Museum", and in 1788 opened a bookstore in Boston under the firm name of Thomas and Andrews, also establishing branches of his publishing business in several parts of the United States. The monthly "Massachusetts Magazine" was published by the firm, with Ebenezer T. Andrews, in eight volumes, from 1789 until 1796. At Worcester he printed a folio edition of the Bible in 1791, Watts' "Psalms and Hymns", and most of the Bibles and school books that were used in the U.S. at that date. His ambition throughout his life was to write an extensive book on the history of publishing. He began what would become "History of Printing in America" in 1808. Fully titled "History of Printing in America, with a Biography of Printers, and an Account of Newspapers", it was published in two volumes in 1810. A second edition, published in 1874, was prepared by his grandson Benjamin Franklin Thomas and included a catalog of American publications previous to 1776 and a memoir of Isaiah Thomas. In November 1812, Thomas founded the American Society of Antiquaries, now known as the American Antiquarian Society, partly to take care of the extensive library he had accumulated in preparing his history of publishing. At its first meeting, Thomas was elected president, a role he held until his death. In addition to nearly 8,000 volumes from his collection, he gave to its library tracts, and one of the most valuable files of newspapers in the country, and he presented land and a hall, with a provision equal to $24,000 for its maintenance. Thomas spent his final days in Worcester. Upon his death in 1831, he bequeathed his entire library, his collection of early American newspapers, as well as his personal papers and records to the American Antiquarian Society. Thomas is now interred at Rural Cemetery in Worcester. Thomas's grandson B. F. Thomas noted his grandfather's importance in founding the American Antiquarian Society. "He saw and understood, no man better, from what infinitely varied and minute sources the history of a nation's life was to be drawn; that the only safe rule was to gather up all the fragments so that nothing be lost." In 1943, "Publishers Weekly" created the Carey-Thomas Award for creative publishing, naming it honor of Mathew Carey and Isaiah Thomas. </doc> <doc id="2336466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336466" title="Lenka Peterson"> Lenka Peterson Lenka Peterson (born Betty Ann Isacson; October 16, 1925) is an American theater, film, and television actress. Peterson was born in Omaha, Nebraska, the daughter of Lenke (née Leinweber), a lab technician, and Sven Edward Isacson, a physician. One of the first members admitted to New York's Actors Studio, Peterson's Broadway portrayals included Ella in "Sundown Beach" (1948), Maude in "The Grass Harp" (1952), Kitty in "The Time of Your Life" (1955), Sally and Mary in "All the Way Home" (1960), Rose in "Nuts" (1980), and Sarah in "Quilters" (1984), among others. Peterson was nominated for a 1985 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role in "Quilters". She guest starred in such early television productions as "Hallmark Hall of Fame" (1952), "The Philco Television Playhouse" (1955), and "Actors Studio" (1949 and 1950). She has also been a cast member of the television series "Young Dr. Malone", "Search for Tomorrow", playing Isabel Moore in 1962 and Evelyn Reedy in 1977, "A Flame in the Wind", "Another World" as Marie Fenton from 1983-1984 and later Lorna Devon's adopted grandmother, and "Code of Vengeance". Peterson is the mother of actress Glynnis O'Connor and Darren O'Connor (and three more sons, Kevin, Brian, and Sean) by her husband Daniel O'Connor, who had retired from NBC News, and who passed away in 2015. </doc> <doc id="2336480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336480" title="Prudence Farrow"> Prudence Farrow Prudence Anne Villiers Farrow Bruns (born January 20, 1948) is an American author, meditation teacher, and film producer. She is the daughter of film director John Farrow and actress Maureen O'Sullivan and younger sister of actress Mia Farrow. She is the subject of the Beatles song "Dear Prudence". Farrow was raised in the Catholic faith and attended convent schools. She learned the Transcendental Meditation technique (TM) in 1966 at UCLA and next year became interested in yoga, opening a yoga institute at a former church in Boston. In 1968 Farrow, along with her sister Mia and brother Patrick, traveled with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi from New York to India, and then to the Maharishi's ashram in Rishikesh for a Transcendental Meditation teacher training course. The Beatles arrived shortly thereafter. Farrow was dedicated to practicing the TM technique so she could become a TM teacher. She said: "I would always rush straight back to my room after lectures and meals so I could meditate. John, George and Paul would all want to sit around jamming and having a good time and I'd be flying into my room. They were all serious about what they were doing, but they just weren't as fanatical as me". She "turned into a near recluse" and "rarely came out" of her cottage. Lennon was asked to "contact her and make sure she came out more often to socialize" and he wrote the song "Dear Prudence". According to Lennon, "She'd been locked in for three weeks and was trying to reach God quicker than anyone else". Farrow taught TM for several decades after her teacher training course in India. Among those she mentored was comedian Andy Kaufman. She returned to India for further instruction from the Maharishi in 1986 and has taught Transcendental Meditation in Florida since 1970. Later in her life, Farrow earned a BA, an MA, and a PhD from the University of California, Berkeley, where she majored in Asian studies. Her doctoral dissertation was on pulse diagnosis, titled "Nadivijnana, the Crest-Jewel of Ayurveda: A Translation of Six Central Texts and an Examination of the Sources, Influences and Development of Indian Pulse-Diagnosis". Farrow became an elementary school teacher and according to her résumé she has held teaching positions or presented at conferences held at the University of California at Berkeley, Rutgers University and the University of Wisconsin. Farrow has worked in the theater and film industry as a production assistant on "The Muppets Take Manhattan" in 1984 and the art department coordinator for "The Purple Rose of Cairo". She also "conceived and co-produced" the 1994 film "Widows' Peak", which featured her sister, Mia, in a part originally written for their mother, Maureen O'Sullivan. In 1999, she was one of four producers involved in staging "Up From the Ground" at the Westbeth Theatre in New York City. Farrow became a magazine writer in the 2000s. Using her married name, Prudence Bruns, she has authored articles on Asian studies, world religions, ayurveda, and healthy living. In 2012 Farrow established the non-profit Dear Prudence Foundation to raise funds for a documentary film of the 2013 Kumbh Mela festival which is held in India every twelve years. Farrow married teacher Albert Morrill Bruns in December 1969. They have three children and four grandchildren. She was nearing the end of a three-year affair with New York real estate heir Robert Durst when his wife went missing. </doc> <doc id="2336485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336485" title="List of Faroese people"> List of Faroese people This is a list of famous or important Faroese people. In a small island-society of fewer than 50,000 inhabitants, each person can gain certain meaning for the entire nation. The people listed below, are among those who played or play a distinct role in Faroese culture, politics and history. Many of them are renowned outside the Faroes, especially in Denmark and other Nordic countries. </doc> <doc id="2336493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336493" title="Marika Domińczyk"> Marika Domińczyk Marika Domińczyk ( ) is a Polish-American actress who became best known in the United States for her role as Dr. Eliza Minnick on "Grey's Anatomy," which she originated in its thirteenth season. Marika Domińczyk is one of three daughters born to Aleksandra and Miroslaw "Mirek" Domińczyk. Her father was one of the leaders in the Polish Solidarity movement. She is the younger sister of actress Dagmara Dominczyk. Domińczyk became engaged to actor Scott Foley in 2006. In June 2007, the two wed in a private ceremony in Hawaii. They have three children: daughter Malina, son Keller, and son Konrad (b. November 13, 2014). In 2004, Domińczyk appeared in the short-lived television series "The Help," which also starred Mindy Cohn and Antonio Sabàto, Jr. The following year, she appeared as Bernadette in the 2005 movie "The 40-Year-Old Virgin." From 2006-2007, she guest-starred on the ABC's "Brothers & Sisters" as Tyler Altamirano. She reprised her role in the last two episodes of the show's fifth season. Despite being Polish, her looks have often led to her being cast in Hispanic roles, such as Anna in "The Help" and, most recently, as South American agent Isabella in "." She appeared in "Who Do You Love?," the "Las Vegas" episode "3 Babes, 100 Guns, and a Fat Chick" (2008) as a bounty hunter, and Danny's Marine Sergeant in Iraq, and as a Russian informant to Cool Breeze, played by her by-then husband Scott Foley, in "The Unit." She also starred in "National Lampoon's Bag Boy." Domińczyk played the role of Lara in the film "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell." She was then signed for the recurring role, in ABC's drama series "Grey's Anatomy," of Dr. Eliza Minnick, an orthopedic surgeon and residency-instruction consultant who became a love interest for Jessica Capshaw's character of Dr. Arizona Robbins, which role she originated as the program's thirteenth season began. </doc> <doc id="2336494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336494" title="Yellow mongoose"> Yellow mongoose The yellow mongoose ("Cynictis penicillata"), sometimes referred to as the red meerkat, is a member of the mongoose family averaging about 1 lb (1/2 kg) in weight and about 20 in (500 mm) in length. It lives in open country, from semi-desert scrubland to grasslands in Angola, Botswana, South Africa, Namibia, and Zimbabwe. "Cynictis penicillata" is the only member of its genus, but as many as twelve subspecies of yellow mongoose have been described. In general, the yellow mongoose has lighter highlights on the underbelly and chin, a bushy tail, and a complete lack of sexual dimorphism. Southern yellow mongooses are larger, have yellow or reddish fur, longer fur, and a longer tail with a characteristic white tip. Northern subspecies tend towards smaller size, grey colouration, a grey or darker grey tip to the tail, and shorter hair more appropriate to the hotter climate. The yellow mongoose is carnivorous, consuming mostly arthropods but also other small mammals, lizards, snakes and eggs of all kinds. The yellow mongoose is primarily diurnal, though nocturnal activity has been observed. Living in colonies of up to 20 individuals in a permanent underground burrow complex, the yellow mongoose will often co-exist with Cape ground squirrels or suricates and share maintenance of the warren, adding new tunnels and burrows as necessary. The tunnel system has many entrances, nearby which the yellow mongoose makes its latrines. The social structure of the yellow mongoose is hierarchical, based around a central breeding pair and their most recent offspring. There are also subadults, the elderly, or adult relatives of the central pair. Male ranges tend to overlap, while females from other dens have contiguous non-overlapping ranges. Every day, the alpha male will mark members of his group with anal gland secretions, and his boundaries with facial and anal secretions, as well as urine. The alpha male also rubs his back against raised objects, leaving behind hair as a visual marker of territory. Other members of the group mark their dens with cheek secretions. A colony can have 20-40 members. Predators of the yellow mongoose are birds of prey, snakes and jackals. When frightened, the yellow mongoose will growl and secrete from its anal glands. It can also scream, bark, and purr, though these are exceptions, as the yellow mongoose is usually silent, and communicates mood and status through tail movements. The yellow mongoose's mating season is between July and September, and it gives birth underground between October and December, with no bedding material, in a clean chamber of the burrow system. Usually, two offspring are produced per pregnancy, and they are weaned at 10 weeks, reaching adult size after 10 months. There is some concern about the role of "Cynictis penicillata" as a natural reservoir of rabies. Most African wild animals will die within several weeks of infection with rabies, but it seems that certain genetic strains of the yellow mongoose can carry it asymptomatically, but infectiously, for years. </doc> <doc id="2336495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336495" title="Airborne Ranger"> Airborne Ranger Airborne Ranger is an action game developed and published by MicroProse for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, and DOS in 1987, and ported to the Amiga and Atari ST by Imagitec Design in 1989. In the game, a sole U.S. Army Ranger is sent to infiltrate the enemy territory to complete various objectives. The game was followed by "Special Forces" in 1991. The game consists of several missions, in which the player controls a sole Ranger whose objectives include killing an enemy officer, destroying an enemy bunker, taking out a SAM site, and rescuing a captured POW, which would possibly free a roster member that was labeled P.O.W. The game creates the maps and objective locations randomly, so the player is required to plan each mission carefully, because no mission is the same. At the start of each mission, the player is presented with a short overview of the mission, and can select a Ranger from a roster of available soldiers. The player is then in control of an aircraft, described as a V-22 Osprey and is allowed to drop three ammo crates over the enemy territory. Once the three containers are dropped, the Ranger is parachuted into the area. Upon touch-down, the player has to overcome several obstacles, including enemy soldiers and officers, mine fields, foxholes and bunkers. Due to limited ammunition, the player needs to plan his path through the territory. The dropped ammo crates provide the soldier with fresh hand grenades and ammo. After completing the mission, the Ranger has to navigate to a pick-up point within a time limit. If the Ranger is captured (but not killed), the player can start an optional rescue mission using another soldier from the roster. Each successful mission increases the rank of the individual Ranger, up to colonel. A review in "Computer Gaming World" felt "Airborne Ranger" was reminiscent of the earlier arcade game "Commando", but much deeper and more versatile. The graphics and sound were praised, noting gunfire sounds different when shot from inside fortifications than it does outside fortifications. The magazine's 1992 survey of computer wargames with modern settings gave the game four and a half stars out of five. In a 1994 survey of wargames the magazine gave the title two-plus stars out of five, describing it as "Contemporary Ranger operations in a semi-arcade mode that works. Challenging and fun for both adults and children". It also received 4½ out of 5 stars in "Dragon". "Compute!'s Gazette" noted that "Airborne Ranger" was an unusual game for MicroProse's developers given their history of publishing simulations, writing "they have created an arcade game, and a darned good one". "Compute!" stated that ""Airborne Ranger" is an excellent game from beginning to end", but cautioned that "the violence and action are graphic and highly realistic". </doc> <doc id="2336506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336506" title="Missionary (LDS Church)"> Missionary (LDS Church) Missionaries of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church)—widely known as Mormon missionaries—are volunteer representatives of the LDS Church who engage variously in proselytizing, church service, humanitarian aid, and community service. Mormon missionaries may serve on a full- or part-time basis, depending on the assignment, and are organized geographically into missions. The mission assignment could be to any one of the 421 missions organized worldwide. The LDS Church is one of the most active modern practitioners of missionary work, reporting that it had more than 70,000 full-time missionaries worldwide at the end of 2016 (as well as more than 33,000 part-time church-service missionaries). Most full-time LDS missionaries are single young men and women in their late teens and early twenties and older couples no longer with children in the home. Missionaries are often assigned to serve far from their homes, including in other countries. Many missionaries learn a new language at a missionary training center as part of their assignment. Missions typically last two years for males, 18 months for females, and 1 to 3 years for older couples. The LDS Church strongly encourages, but does not require, missionary service for young men. All Mormon missionaries serve voluntarily and do not receive a salary for their work; they typically finance missions themselves or with assistance from family or other church members. Many Latter-day Saints save money during their teenage years to cover their mission expenses. Throughout the church's history, over one million missionaries have been sent on missions. LDS Church president Spencer W. Kimball said, "Every young man should fill a mission". Completing a mission is often described as a rite of passage for a young Latter-day Saint. The phrase "the best two years of my life" is a common cliché among returned missionaries when describing their experience. Although Gordon B. Hinckley had suggested that a mission is not to be a rite of passage, this cultural aspect remains. With the usual starting age of 18–20, a mission provides a clear event or marker for the traditional age of adulthood, but is not necessary for continuance in church membership. Young men between the ages of 18 and 25 who meet standards of worthiness are strongly encouraged to consider a two-year, full-time proselytizing mission. This expectation is based in part on the New Testament passage "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations" (). The minimum age had previously been age 19 in most countries until October 6, 2012, when Church President Thomas S. Monson announced that all male missionaries, regardless of nation, could serve from age 18. Prior to the announcement, some countries held that male missionaries may be 18 years old because of educational or military requirements. It was also announced that young women may serve beginning at age 19 instead of 21. In 2007, approximately 30% of all 19-year-old LDS men became Mormon missionaries; from LDS families that are active in the church, approximately 80–90% of 19-year-old men serve a mission. In cases where an immediate family member dies, the missionary has the choice to travel home for the funeral or to remain on the mission. Missionaries can be sent home for violating mission rules, and occasionally missionaries choose to go home for health or various other reasons. However, the vast majority of missionaries serve the whole two-year (men) or eighteen-month (women) terms. As of 2007, 80% of all Mormon missionaries were young, single men, 13% were young single women and 7% retired couples. Women who would like to serve a mission must meet the same standards of worthiness and be at least 19 years old. Women generally serve as missionaries for 18 months. Married retired couples, on the other hand, are encouraged to serve missions, but their length of service may vary from 6 to 36 months depending on their circumstances and means. Any single retired person may also be called to serve in what is known as "senior missionary service". In the last two decades, the LDS Church has stepped up its call for senior couple missionaries. All missionaries must meet certain minimum standards of worthiness. Among the standards that a prospective missionary must demonstrate adherence to are: regular attendance at church meetings, regular personal prayer, regular study of the scriptures, adherence to the law of chastity (sexual purity), adherence to the Word of Wisdom (code of health and nutrition), payment of tithing, spiritual diligence and testimony of God. In addition to spiritual preparedness, church bishops are instructed to ensure that prospective missionaries are physically, mentally, and emotionally capable of full-time missionary work. In the same speech where he called for "every young man" to fill a mission, Kimball added, "we realize that while all men definitely should, all men are not prepared to teach the gospel abroad." Apart from general issues of worthiness and ability, there are a number of specific situations that will disqualify a person from becoming a full-time missionary for the LDS Church. Those excluded include those who would have to leave dependent children in the care of someone else; young couples who are still of childbearing age; those who are in debt and have not made arrangements to meet these obligations; those who are on legal probation or parole; couples with serious unresolved marital problems; those who are HIV-positive; and those who have been convicted of sexual abuse. Additionally, members who have submitted to, performed, encouraged, paid for, or arranged for an abortion (except in the case of rape, incest, or the mother's life is in danger) are usually excluded from missionary service, as are members who have fathered or borne a child out of wedlock; men under 26 and women under 40 who have been divorced; and anyone who has participated in homosexual activity after age 16. From the beginnings of the LDS Church, people of black African descent could be members of the church, but up until 1978 the LDS Church did not call men of black African descent to serve on missions, due to the ban on blacks holding the priesthood. The priesthood ban was lifted during Kimball's presidency and since 1978 there have been no restrictions to missionary service that are based on race or ethnicity. After application to the church and the requisite approval, prospective missionaries receive a "call to serve"—an official notification of their location assignment—from the President of the Church. The mission call also informs the prospective missionary what language he or she will be expected to use during their mission. Members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles are responsible for assigning missionaries to a particular mission. A prospective missionary receiving the call to serve is generally considered to be a major event in LDS culture; family members, friends, and members of the prospective missionary's congregation often gather together when a call arrives, which the prospective missionary opens and reads aloud to the group. Until 2018, mission calls were mailed to perspective missionaries. In the summer of 2018, the church announced they would begin emailing mission calls to perspective missionaries. The church began emailing calls to prospective missionaries residing in Utah and Idaho in the summer of 2018, with the goal of expanding to the rest of the United States and all countries with reliable internet by the beginning of 2019. Before beginning their mission, prospective male missionaries are usually ordained to the office of an elder in the Melchizedek Priesthood (if they do not hold this office already). All missionaries are set apart by the laying on of hands to preach the gospel; this is usually performed by the missionary's stake president. Prospective missionaries also usually attend the temple for the first time to receive their endowment if they have not already done so. Newly called missionaries attend a short training period at one of 15 church Missionary Training Centers (MTCs) worldwide. The largest MTC is located in Provo, Utah, adjacent to Brigham Young University. Missionaries who will not be learning a language in order to serve their missions spend three weeks at an MTC where they practice using proselytizing materials, learn expected conduct, and study the scriptures. Missionaries bound for foreign-language missions spend six to nine weeks at an MTC, depending on the language to be learned. During this period, they are encouraged not to speak in their native tongue but rather to immerse themselves in the new language. The basic standards of missionary service and conduct are contained in the "Missionary Handbook". Missionaries are instructed that following these standards will protect them both physically and spiritually. Mission presidents have discretion to adjust some of the standards according to local circumstances. The "Missionary Handbook" is also commonly and informally referred to as "the white handbook" or "the white bible". Previously, full-time LDS missionaries were required to adhere to a dress code: for men, conservative, dark trousers and suit coats, white dress shirts, and conservative ties. For women, modest and professional dresses or blouses and mid-calf length skirts were worn. In recent years, the LDS Church has updated their grooming standards. Young men are no longer required to wear dark suits, and they do not have to wear a full suit during regular everyday proselytizing activities. They must, however, remain in professional, conservative attire. For instance, a light colored suit is acceptable. They are also allowed to wear a sweater or suit vest over their dress shirt and are encouraged to wear colored ties. Sister missionaries may wear skirts and dresses that cover their knees. In areas infested with mosquitoes, particularly in Central and South America where the humidity yields infestations, sister missionaries are now permitted to wear slacks. Young women are encouraged to dress in colors and patterns, and they may wear appropriate jewelry and accessories. In some areas these standards are altered slightly according to the discretion of the mission president. For example, in hot, humid climates, suit coats are not required, and dress shirts may be short-sleeved. Casual clothes may be worn only in limited circumstances, such as when missionaries provide manual labor or exercise. In 2016, the dress guidelines were updated to allow for "simple and conservative" sunglasses and "wide-brimmed hats" as part of a missionary's attire to provide missionaries protection from excessive heat. All full-time missionaries wear a name tag that gives their surname with the appropriate title ("Elder" or "Sister" in English-speaking areas, or their equivalent titles in other languages). The name tag also bears the church's name, unless the mission president considers this inadvisable due to circumstances in the area (e.g., adverse political conditions). Missionaries are required to wear the tag at all times in public. A "missionary companionship", consisting of two (or occasionally, three) missionaries, is the smallest organizational unit of a mission. Every missionary is assigned by the mission president to be another missionary's "companion". Missionary companionships are generally maintained for months at a time and most missionaries will have served with multiple companions by the end of their mission. These companions very rarely have prior acquaintance outside of the mission. Companionships are always of the same gender. Missionary companions are instructed to stay together at all times and not to go out of the hearing of their companion's voice. Privacy is allowed only for personal care such as showering. One of the intentions of this strict policy of staying together is to discourage missionaries from breaking any mission rules. Companions share the same living quarters and the same bedroom, but not the same bed. When companions have conflicting personalities or interests, they are encouraged to try to resolve them themselves. If a missionary's companion is having difficulty with the work or with personal problems, missionaries are instructed to give criticism constructively, in private and with respect. In dealing with a problem, missionaries are first to raise the issue with their companion and if it is not resolved, to raise it with the mission president. "A missionary's first priority is to the Lord, then to the mission president and finally to their companion", as the missionary handbook states. High value is placed on the spiritual commitment to the virtues of humility and love. Missionaries are urged to treat the companionship as a relationship that must succeed in being cooperative and selfless, thus improving the spirituality, character and social skills of each individual missionary. Senior couples serve as a companionship for the entirety of their mission and have more relaxed rules. Unlike single missionaries, they share the same bed and are able to travel outside of the mission boundaries. Missionaries are encouraged to write a letter to their parents weekly. Since almost all of their time is otherwise occupied, other communication is limited. However, a missionary may use preparation day to correspond with any person that is resident outside of the boundaries of the mission. Missionaries do not go on vacation and are generally permitted to telephone their parents only on Christmas Day, and one other day of the year, usually Mother's Day. Missionaries are provided with a free, filtered church e-mail account to correspond with their parents on preparation day only by using a computer in a public location, such as at a public library or an internet café. In the event of an emergency, family members of a missionary may contact him or her via the mission president's office. Single missionaries are prohibited from dating or courting while serving missions. The policy of companionships staying together at all times serves to discourage these activities. While missionaries may interact with members of the opposite sex, they may never be alone with them or engage in any kind of intimate physical or emotional activity (e.g., kissing, hugging, holding hands, flirting). They may not telephone, write, e-mail, or accept letters from members of the opposite sex that live in the area where they are assigned to proselytize. Missionary companionships are also asked not to visit with members of the opposite sex unless at least one person of the missionaries' same sex is present to chaperone. Alternatively, those contacts may be referred to a companionship of the same gender as the contact or to married couple missionaries, when available. In the early days of the LDS Church, men were called to serve missions regardless of marital status. Today, however, married young men are not expected to serve missions, unless called to oversee a mission as a mission president. A call to be a mission president is typically extended to the married couple, and in turn, the entire family of the chosen mission president. Older retired couples also may serve as missionaries, but do not take their families with them. Generally, missionaries wake up at 6:30 am. After praying, exercising (30 minutes), and eating breakfast, they spend two hours studying the scriptures and other materials. If they are teaching in a foreign language, they'll spend another 30 minutes to an hour studying the language. Missionaries leave their place of residence at 10 am to proselytize (or 10:30 am or 11 am if teaching in a foreign language). They have an hour for lunch and dinner, and return to their apartment by 9 pm, or 9:30 if they are in the process of teaching a lesson at the end of the day. They plan for the next day's activities, pray, and are encouraged to write in their personal journal, but are not required to. They then retire to bed at 10:30 pm. On January 25, 2017, the church announced that schedules can be modified depending on the area in which missionaries serve. Missionaries are admonished to "avoid all forms of worldly entertainment." Generally, they are not permitted to watch television, listen to the radio, watch or go to movies, or use the Internet (except to use email, and social media for their work, see Personal relationships above). They are not permitted to listen to music that has romantic lyrics or overtones, or merely entertains. The general interpretation of this guideline is to listen to only religious music, such as that performed by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, though the rule's application has been variable in some missions. They are permitted to read only books, magazines, or other materials authorized by the church. These guidelines were updated in October 2017, when the church announced that in some missions, missionaries would be issued smart phones and be permitted to use technology on a wider scale. This is intended to enable the missionaries to more easily find "religiously minded people." Missionaries are instructed to avoid slang and casual language including when they are alone in their apartment and in their letters to family. They are also instructed to refer to missionary leaders by only their correct titles. However, as with the members of any organization, some missionaries use certain missionary-specific jargon when communicating with one another. Some words and expressions are mission- or language-specific, while others are universal, such as calling the halfway point of a mission the "hump" or hump day, or describing a missionary who is excited about returning home as "trunky" as he has already packed his trunk. Foreign-language missionaries often develop a "mission language", distinct from but combining aspects of their first and acquired languages, that they use when communicating with each other; the "senkyoshigo" of Japan is an example. As of the end of 2016, there were 70,946 full-time LDS missionaries serving in 421 church missions throughout the world. Their work, often in cooperation with local members, resulted in 240,131 convert baptisms in 2016. Author David Stewart points out that the number of convert baptisms per missionary per year has fallen from a high of 8.03 in 1989 to just 4.67 in 2005. He argues that the number of converts would increase if Mormon missionaries made greater efforts in meeting new people; he points out that the average pair of missionaries spends only four or five hours per week attempting to meet new people. The most visible and most common type of missionaries are typically those who proselytize door-to-door and ride bicycles for transportation. For many years, Mormon missionaries used structured lessons called "missionary discussions" (formally called "The Uniform System for Teaching the Gospel") to teach interested non-members and recent converts about the doctrines of the LDS Church and to commit them on the steps to take to become a member of the church. Missionaries were often instructed to adhere very closely to the six lessons, and they frequently quoted segments word-for-word (an especially helpful practice when learning a foreign language). The training materials also instructed missionaries to freely change the order of the lessons segments according to the needs and questions of the learners. The missionary discussions were replaced beginning in October 2004 by a guide called "Preach My Gospel" which places emphasis on "teaching by the Spirit". According to Mormons, "teaching by the Spirit" means seeking guidance from the Holy Ghost to teach; the idea is that the teachings will be catered to each person who is seeking the truth through divine guidance. According to "Preach My Gospel", God knows each of His children and can guide His servants to say and teach what is best for each individual. Despite the latitude given to missionaries, the guide still contains material which should be actively taught. Chapter 3 of "Preach My Gospel" concisely describes all of the doctrine that the missionaries are to teach to those learning about the church. The missionaries are responsible for knowing the doctrine and continually preparing to teach it. They can choose the order that this material is taught to serve the needs of each individual. This is a change from the missionary discussions which were usually taught in order to each investigator. The book, now published in many languages, is meant to be used by the general church membership. This sets it apart from the previous missionary discussions, which were used primarily by full-time missionaries, members with church callings related to missionary work, and those preparing to serve missions. According to "The Huffington Post", the church has online missionaries, who work at a Referral Center Mission in Provo, Utah. These missionaries use the "Chat with a Mormon" homepage to talk with potential converts. The "Salt Lake Tribune" reported that these missionaries are more successful than traditional proselytizers. Furthermore, "The Huffington Post" also reported that it is now permissible for missionaries to use SMS, blogs and Facebook. Missionaries with special needs or health considerations may be called as full-time or part-time service missionaries. Many fully able missionaries are called to do genealogical research or act as tour guides or hosts at Temple Square or Family History libraries and other church sites. In many areas, even proselytizing missionaries spend most of their day responding to incoming phone calls and queries, delivering requested media from the church's television and radio commercials. Missionaries may use public transportation, walk, bicycle, or in some areas drive automobiles owned by the church, or occasionally ride within a private automobile with a church member who is accompanying them to a teaching appointment, proselytizing, or fellowshipping activity. At the end of 2016, there were 33,695 church-service missionaries. The LDS Church also has a strong welfare and humanitarian missionary program. These humanitarian missionaries typically serve in impoverished areas of the world and do not actively proselytize. Humanitarian missionaries comply with any local laws regarding teaching or displaying religious symbols, including the identifying name tags. This allows them to provide services and aid in countries where activities by religious organizations are typically restricted or forbidden, such as in predominantly Muslim countries or in Southeast Asia. Regular proselytizing missionaries are asked to engage in welfare activities and community service, limited to four hours a week on days other than weekends or preparation day. Building missionaries were called by the president of the Tongan Mission in the early 1950s. Among their major successes was building Liahona High School. From 1955 on, Wendell B. Mendenhall institutionalized building missionaries on a larger scale with skilled tradesmen called as supervisors of the missionaries. Most of the supervisors were Americans, while most of the workers were young men indigenous to the areas of the South Pacific and Latin America where the work was carried out. However, at times the situation was more complex. One example is Jose Alvarez, who was a native of Argentina, but had lived in the United States for three years when he was called to go with his family to Chile, where he served as a building missionary supervisor. Often, trainee or assistant building supervisors would work under the leadership of an experienced supervisor in preparation for an assignment as a fully-fledged supervisor of some project or group of missionaries. Every part of the world is assigned to be within a "mission" of the church, whether or not LDS missionaries are active in the area. An adult male mission president presides over the missionaries in the mission. Most missions are divided into several "zones", a zone being a geographic area specified by the mission president (though these are often the same area as the LDS ecclesiastical unit known as a "stake"). A zone encompasses several more organizational units called "districts". Each zone and district is presided over by leaders drawn from male missionaries serving in that area. Zone and district leaders are responsible for gathering weekly statistics, assisting missionaries in their areas of responsibility, and general accountability to the mission president for the well-being and progress of the missionaries under their stewardship. A district typically encompasses four to eight missionaries, and may or may not comprise more than one proselytizing area. An "area" is typically a portion of the LDS ecclesiastical unit known as a ward (or congregation), one ward, or multiple wards. In addition to the leaders mentioned above, the mission president has two or more assistants. Assistants to the President (APs) are typically missionaries who have previously served as district and/or zone leaders. They serve as the president's executive assistants, administering policies and helping missionaries throughout the mission. The number of missions in the church typically varies from one year to the next. The First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles determine when new missions are created, consolidated, or discontinued. In October 2017, the church announced that, in an effort to increase missionary safety, the number of missions would be consolidated.. The extent of those consolidation plans is yet to be announced. Missionaries are expected to pay their own expenses while on the mission, often with assistance from family. In the past, each missionary paid his or her actual living expenses, but this approach created a disproportionate burden on missionaries who were assigned to more expensive areas of the world. In 1990, a new program was introduced to equalize the financial responsibility for each missionary and his or her family. Now, all young missionaries pay a flat monthly rate which is then redistributed according to regional costs of living. The cost of a mission varies based on the country of origin of the missionary; for missionaries from the United States, the cost is US$400 per month. The cost can vary dramatically based on the country of origin. For instance, in Oceania, missionaries from Australia pay AU$395 and missionaries from New Zealand pay NZ$400, while missionaries from American Samoa pay US$85 and missionaries from Kiribati pay AU$20. Missionaries from Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, and Tuvalu are exempt from making any payment: Pacific Area Presidency, "Financing Full-time Missionary Service" (letter to Area Seventies, Stake, Mission, and District Presidents; Bishops and Branch Presidents), 28 August 2014.</ref> The monthly rate helps to cover food, lodging, transportation, and other mission related expenses. Missionaries are asked to bring extra personal money for any personal items they would like to purchase. Once the money is received by the church it is then redistributed to the missionaries in amounts proportionate to the cost of living within the assigned mission area. As families now contribute to a general fund for missionary expenses, the sum is deductible under many nations' tax policies regarding charitable gifts. For health care, the church provides missionaries with limited medical care. A missionary will be required to pay for any medical treatment that is considered non-essential or that is considered to be associated with a preexisting condition. The local mission office will often help missionaries find Mormon doctors or dentists who can offer their services to missionaries for a small fee or for free. Young people in the church are encouraged to save money throughout their childhood and teenage years to pay for as much of their mission as they can, although many receive assistance from parents, family, or friends. Missionaries who cannot save the required funds may obtain assistance from their home congregation or from a general missionary fund operated by the church and contributed to by Latter-day Saints around the world. Married couple missionaries are expected to pay their own costs, but in 2011 the church began paying for missionary couples' housing expenses that exceed US$1400 per month. In many areas, church members often invite locally assigned missionaries over for meals to help reduce the overall expenditures of the missionary program. A returned missionary (often abbreviated "RM") is a term used by members of the LDS Church to refer to men and women who have previously served as Mormon missionaries. Once they return home, RMs are generally encouraged to begin dating seriously and to seek marriage. Those who learned to speak a foreign language must readjust, sometimes with difficulty, to speaking their first language. In Mormon culture, stereotypes and jokes abound regarding newly returned missionaries, most dealing with their difficulties in handling the reverse culture shock. Other stereotypes revolve around the fact that as missionaries, they lived highly structured, disciplined lives and avoided contact with members of the opposite sex, so many RMs have difficulty readjusting to social life and dating. Other stereotypes include the supposed rush of many RMs to get married as soon as possible. Many families whose daughters are old enough to marry encourage them to date RMs. Returned missionaries are frequently called to assist in the local missionary effort and are encouraged to stay active within the LDS Church through callings and service. RMs who served in the same mission frequently stay in touch and often gather for mission reunions in Utah to coincide with the semiannual LDS General Conference. The notion of the Mormon mission as a crucible is a common one, and the benefits gained from going through it have been used to help explain the prominence of LDS Church members in business and civic life. Mission experience has also helped prepare RMs for later engaging and prospering in non-Mormon environments. Notable people who have served LDS missions include Aaron Eckhart (Switzerland/France), Shawn Bradley (Australia), Orson Scott Card (Brazil), Stephen Covey (England), Jon Heder (Japan), Ken Jennings (Spain), Elizabeth Smart (France), Lindsey Stirling (NYC), Elaine Bradley (Germany), Shannon Hale (Paraguay), Jon Huntsman, Jr. (Taiwan), Brandon Sanderson (Korea), Mitt Romney (France), Paul Alan Cox (Samoa), Shay Carl (West Indies), Chad Lewis (Taiwan), and Dale Murphy (Boston). In 2011, American pop singer-songwriter David Archuleta announced he was taking a two-year hiatus to be a missionary for the church. He served his mission in Chile. The LDS Church regards Samuel H. Smith, the younger brother of church founder Joseph Smith, as the church's first full-time missionary. Smith traveled from city to city, covering more than 4,000 miles, trying to sell copies of the Book of Mormon. The book was presented as evidence of Joseph Smith's prophetic calling. Phineas Young received a Book of Mormon from Samuel Smith and became an early member of the church. (Phineas' younger brother Brigham would later be baptized and become the 2nd president of the LDS Church.) During the 1850s missionaries were sent to Chile, France, Germany, Hawaii, India, Italy, Scandinavia, Switzerland and a number of other countries. In 1898, the church began allowing single women to be called as missionaries. The first two single female missionaries were Jennie Brimhall and Inez Knight, who were called to serve as companions in England. As more members became aware of Joseph Smith's First Vision during the late 1800s and early 1900s, it began to take on a prominent role in the conversion narrative. The story of the First Vision was first published in a missionary tract in 1910. Each mission was responsible for individually developing lessons until 1952 when, under the direction of Gordon B. Hinkley, the church published "A Systematic Program for Teaching the Gospel". In 1961, towards the beginning of the church's correlation effort, "A Uniform System for Teaching Investigators" was made mandatory church-wide. The missionary lessons, or discussions as they were often called, continued to be updated with major revisions approximately every decade up until the publication of "Preach My Gospel" in 2004. Early missionaries, like Samuel Smith, relied primarily on the story of the Book of Mormon to attract converts to the church. By the late 19th century, the story of Joseph Smith's first vision had gained prominence and was given an important role in the official missionary lessons. In the early 1950s, Henry D. Moyle had responsibility over the missionary department. Moyle encouraged missionaries to use a tactic that later became known as "baseball baptism". Missionaries would encourage young men to join church-sponsored sports leagues and baptism was imposed as a prerequisite. The use of this tactic created a large number of converts, especially in England, but very few of the young men ever had any interest in the spiritual aspects of the church. Moyle introduced baptism goals, missionary incentives and other salesmanship techniques into the church missionary department. David O. McKay eventually removed Moyle from his responsibilities over the missionary program but many of the changes introduced during this time remain even today. During the 1960s, missionaries whose area of service required them to learn a new language were first sent to the Language Training Mission on the BYU campus. This later became the Missionary Training Center in 1978 where all new missionaries were sent for training not just the ones learning a language. Starting during Spencer W. Kimball's administration, it was emphasized that "every able, worthy young man" had a duty to serve a mission. Prior to this, missionary service for men was not viewed as obligatory. This resulted in an increase in the number of young men choosing to serve missions. Before 1978, the church did not permit people of African descent to hold the priesthood, and they were not actively proselytized. Missionary work in places such as Brazil may have increased pressure to change the policy due to the difficulty of verifying lack of African descent in these populations. When the policy was eliminated by Kimball, additional areas of the world were opened up to missionary work. Church researchers discovered that in addition to the content of the lessons, the way in which the material was presented had a major impact on conversion. In 1984, the Missionary Department codified the "commitment pattern" as the proper way for missionaries to teach the lessons. This involves the missionaries making specific invitations to act in response to the lessons. Gospel students would be encouraged to make personal commitments to attend church, to read the Book of Mormon and to be baptized. In 2002, apostle M. Russell Ballard delivered a General Conference address stating that the bar to qualify for missionary service had been raised and that "the day of the 'repent and go' missionary is over". During the church's October 2012 General Conference, church president Thomas S. Monson announced that the minimum age for missionary service for young men had been lowered from 19 to 18 and that the minimum age for young women had been lowered from 21 to 19. Immediately following the announcement, the church experienced an unprecedented influx of new missionaries. The rate of new missionaries swelled "by 471 percent, from about 700 new applications per week to about 4,000 each week, with young women comprising more than half of the new applicants." Later, the number of missionaries applying to serve slowed, but it is still double what it had been in the past and now the applicants are split somewhat evenly among young women and young men. In 2013, the number of missionaries peaked at 89,000 and had dropped to 70,946 by the end of 2016. Throughout the history of the church, over one million missionaries have been sent on missions. Although rare, missionaries have been the victims of violence. In 1974, two young-adult male missionaries were murdered in Austin, Texas by Robert Elmer Kleason. In 1977, the case of a Mormon missionary who said he was abducted and raped by a woman was covered extensively by newspapers in Britain, being dubbed the Mormon sex in chains case. In 1989, the Zarate Willka Armed Forces of Liberation killed two American missionaries in Bolivia. From 1999 to 2006, three LDS missionaries were murdered worldwide, while 22 died in accidents of some sort. In 2008, three men from Port Shepstone, South Africa were convicted of raping and robbing two female LDS missionaries in June 2006. A few cases of kidnapping have also occurred, a recent one being in 1998, when two male missionaries were abducted while working in the Samara region of Russia. The kidnappers demanded US$300,000 for their return. The missionaries were released unharmed a few days later without payment of the ransom. Mormon missionaries have been portrayed in various popular culture media. Missionaries are the main focus of LDS cinema films "God's Army" (1999), "The Other Side of Heaven" (2001), "The Best Two Years" (2003), "The R.M." (2003), "God's Army 2: States of Grace" (2005), "Return with Honor" (2007), "The Errand of Angels" (2008) and "The Saratov Approach" (2013). The musical "Saturday's Warrior" (1973) features missionaries and was made into a film in 1989. The DVD series "Liken the Scriptures" occasionally shows missionaries. Missionaries were featured in the PBS documentary "Get the Fire" (2003), as well as in the Tony Award-winning satirical Broadway musical "The Book of Mormon". Hollywood portrayed missionaries in "Yes Man" (2008) starring Jim Carrey, and British film "Millions" also mentioned missionaries. Films portraying missionaries gone astray include "Trapped by the Mormons" (1922), "Orgazmo" (1997) and "Latter Days" (2003). Mormon missionaries appeared at the end of the American horror film "The Strangers" (2008); the missionaries were depicted as children as opposed to young men. In 2008, former missionary Chad Hardy was subjected to church discipline after releasing a pin-up calendar titled "Men on a Mission", which consisted of pictures of scantily clad returned missionaries. </doc> <doc id="2336511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336511" title="Eddie Dowling"> Eddie Dowling Eddie Dowling (December 11, 1889 — February 18, 1976) was an American actor, screenwriter, playwright, director, producer, songwriter and composer. Born Joseph Nelson Goucher on December 11, 1889, he was the 14th of 17 children born to a father of French-Canadian descent and a mother of Irish descent in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. (Some sources give his middle name as "Narcisse".) He took his professional surname from the maiden name of his mother, Bridget Mary Dowling, who was born in Smithfield, Rhode Island. His father was Charles Goucher, a textile worker, who was born in St Marcel, Province of Québec, Canada. Dowling began his career in vaudeville with the Homan Stock Company at the Scenic Temple theatre in Providence, RI. He appeared on stage for many years, including appearances in the Ziegfeld Follies. His Broadway debut came in "The Velvet Lady" (1919. His most famous role was as "Tom Wingfield" in the original Broadway production of "The Glass Menagerie", starring opposite Laurette Taylor and Julie Haydon. He produced the play's original Chicago production in 1944, and followed it to Broadway. Dowling sought the 1934 Democratic nomination for the United States Senate seat from Rhode Island. At the time, TIME magazine reported that his great-grandfather and two great-grand uncles were the founders of Goucher College for Women in Baltimore, and that "he was the 14th in a family of 17 children; his schooling had extended only up to the third grade; he had been a cabin boy and a music hall singer ... and he owned a sausage factory in California."" Dowling was married to the Glasgow, Scotland-born actress and stage performer, Rachel Rice Dooley (October 30, 1888 — January 28, 1984) who specialized in physical comedy; they had two children, Jack and Maxine. Jack Dowling died serving in the World War II. On February 18, 1976, Dowling died in Smithfield, Rhode Island at the age of 86. His widow died in 1984, aged 95, in East Hampton, Long Island, New York. </doc> <doc id="2336512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336512" title="KFRH"> KFRH KFRH (104.3 FM) – branded as 104.3 Now FM – is a commercial radio station in North Las Vegas, Nevada, broadcasting to the Las Vegas, Nevada area on 104.3 FM. KFRH airs a Top 40 (CHR) music format branded as "104.3 Now FM" with the slogan "Vegas' New Hit Music Channel". Its studios are in the unincorporated Clark County community of Enterprise and the transmitter is on Potosi Mountains west of the Las Vegas Valley. KFRH was originally located at the 105.5 frequency and featured a Hot AC format under the temporary call letters KQOL before becoming KSTJ. In 2000, a frequency swap took place in which the new frequency 105.7 FM moved to the Las Vegas market, and KSTJ moved to the 102.7 frequency as a result. It had also debuted an 80s hits format as "Star 102.7". The format had moderate success, but in 2005, KSTJ began experiencing a ratings decline when KMZQ-FM debuted the "Jack FM" concept, with similar music being played, as well as having a bigger playlist, and the overall shrinking of the 80s hits formats in general. On September 14, 2007, at 3 p.m., the station returned to Hot AC and rebranded as "Fresh 102.7". The last song on "Star" was "Cum On Feel the Noize" by Quiet Riot, while the first song on "Fresh" was "Straight From The Heart" by Bryan Adams. The station's callsign was changed to KFRH to reflect the new format on October 5, 2007. On April 1, 2009, at 2 p.m., KFRH dropped the Hot AC format and began stunting with a loop of voices asking "When?" followed by the occasional "Soon", along with several songs with the word "when" in the title. At 4:33 p.m. that day, the station flipped to a Top 40 format branded as 102.7 Now. The first song played on "Now" was "Right Now (Na Na Na)" by Akon. On August 25, 2009, KFRH and KCYE swapped frequencies, with KCYE moving their country format over to the stronger 102.7 frequency, while "Now" moved to the lesser-powered 104.3 frequency. The station then began leaning more Rhythmic, but has since moved back to a more mainstream Top 40 direction. </doc> <doc id="2336518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336518" title="Jim Krueger"> Jim Krueger Jim Krueger (; born 1966) is an American comic book writer, novelist, and filmmaker. Krueger graduated from Marquette University with a degree in journalism. Krueger's first short film, "They Might Be Dragons", which he wrote, directed, and produced, won "Best In Class" at New York University (NYU), a "Best Short Film" award from the New York Independent Film Festival, and a SILVER from the Crested Butte Film Festival. He directed the Radio City Rockettes in the musical "Eleven". Krueger has also written the story script for Midway Games' "Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks" video game, and won the Satellite Award for Best Action/Adventure Video Game. Krueger won the Eisner Award for Best Graphic Novel and was a New York Times Bestseller for writing "Justice (DC Comics)" for DC Comics. He was named one of the top ten writers in comics and an innovator in the field by Wizard Magazine. "Justice (DC Comics)" #1 also won the Diamond Comic Distributors award for Best Comic Book of the Year. Krueger won two Addy Awards during his first year as a copywriter. A year later he became a creative director at Marvel Comics, and has since become a freelance comic book writer/property creator. His original works include "The Foot Soldiers", "Alphabet Supes", "The Clock Maker", "The High Cost of Happily Ever After" and "The Last Straw Man". Other comic book writing includes the award-winning "Earth X" trilogy with Alex Ross for Marvel Comics, as well as "Avengers", "X-Men", "Star Wars", "The Matrix Comics", "Micronauts", "Galactic", and "Batman". Krueger And Alex Ross co wrote Justice", and "Avengers/Invaders", Project Superpowers (dynamite press) He privately wrote "Capone vs. Dracula". and he has since introduced two new comic book formats. His book The Frankincense Monster and Other Haunted Christmas Stories was read for charity for the Los Angeles Children's Hospital. Krueger is also president and publisher of his own comic book/entertainment company, 26 Soldiers. </doc> <doc id="2336521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336521" title="InteGrate"> InteGrate IntegRate was a software product written in C++ based on a pipe-lined high performance architecture for handling batch rating of telecommunications using call detail records (CDR), developed by the German software company Solution 42. The product was an early massively parallel application. It processed and charge thousands of events per second on commodity hardware. The software was able to run on the following operating systems: Windows, Unix/Linux, Solaris, HP-UX and AIX. It contained algorithms for ultra-fast regular expression matching using a finite-state machine as well as one of the first in-memory databases. IntegRate platform is a conceptual structure for performing the complex task of telecommunications rating and price modeling. The "framework" contains "pipelines", each of which consists of "plug-ins", which can be freely combined. The standard plug-ins cover rating tasks (e.g. zoning, service determination) and the overall rating process can be customized by using the IntegRate script languages "iScript" and "iRule". This allows configuring plug-in modules to prepare or post-process CDR-information. Solution42 (a name taken from Douglas Adams's "Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy" cult series), originally based in Quickborn, Germany, was purchased by Portal Software in 2000. Since the purchase of Solution42, the IntegRate architecture was integrated into the so-called "Portal Infranet " telecommunications billing platform, now called the Batch Rating Engine (BRE). In 2006 Oracle Corporation acquired Portal Software. IntegRate became the central rating and mediation engine with Oracle's CBRM System. In 2003 the core engineers and lead architects of former Solution42 founded ENTEREST to build the successor product "EDR Workbench" marketed for complex event processing using the marketing term big data. </doc> <doc id="2336526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336526" title="Macanese legislative election, 2001"> Macanese legislative election, 2001 Legislative elections were held on 23 September 2001. The results, as published in the 41st SAR Gazette following verification by the Court of Final Appeal, were: Members for indirect returned of the Legislative Assembly in the second term: </doc> <doc id="2336527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336527" title="The Best of The Monkees"> The Best of The Monkees The Best of the Monkees is a Monkees compilation released by Rhino Entertainment. It contains 25 songs from The Monkees' repertoire, listed in chronological order by release date. Also included is a Bonus karaoke CD with five tracks. Unlike previous Rhino compilations, this one does not include any material from the 1980s or 1990s reunions, focusing strictly on the band's 1960s output. "The Best of the Monkees" replaced "The Monkees Greatest Hits", released in 1995 in anticipation of the band’s 30th Anniversary celebration the following year. The album debuted on the "Billboard" 200 in the issue dated May 17, 2003, at number 51. It spent six weeks on the chart. Following the death of member Davy Jones on February 29, 2012, it re-entered at No. 20 with 17,000 copies sold (up 7,808 percent according to Nielsen SoundScan) for the week ending March 4, 2012. The album has since been certified Gold for selling 500,000 copies. </doc> <doc id="2336528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336528" title="David Lucas (footballer)"> David Lucas (footballer) David Anthony Lucas (born 23 November 1977) is an English football coach and former professional footballer who is employed as the goalkeeping coach at Fleetwood Town, the final club he represented in his playing career. Between 1994 and 2015, Lucas made over 300 appearances in the Football League, including 123 for Preston North End. Lucas began his career at his hometown club Preston North End in the Football League Third Division. He spent time on loan at Darlington, Scunthorpe United, and Sheffield Wednesday, before signing for Sheffield Wednesday in 2004. He then joined rivals Barnsley in 2007, but only made three appearances for them before signing with Leeds United in the same year. After spending much of the 2007–08 season as an unused substitute, he began to establish himself as the first choice goalkeeper at Elland Road, impressing manager Gary McAllister with a series of good displays continuing into the following season. He made a number of appearances before being dropped in December, subsequently only appearing on the bench. He signed for Swindon Town in June 2009. Lucas had a successful season in which he played a major part in Swindon reaching the Football League One play-offs. Lucas' contract with Swindon was terminated one year early by mutual consent, and he signed a one-year deal with Rochdale on 3 August 2011, taking up a player/coach role. Lucas was released by Rochdale at the end of the season, before he signed a one-year contract with Championship club Birmingham City on 10 July 2012. He made one appearance before leaving when the January 2013 transfer window opened, to join League Two club Fleetwood Town, reuniting with former Preston North End teammates Graham Alexander, now manager of Fleetwood, and first team coach Chris Lucketti. Lucas has played internationally for England, five times at under-18 and four times at under-20 level. As a young goalkeeper, Lucas started his career at Preston North End. He went on to spend nearly ten years as a professional at the Lancashire club, punctuated by loan appearances for Darlington, Scunthorpe and Sheffield Wednesday. Lucas was capped by England under-18 and under-20 teams while a Preston player. Lucas had another spell at Sheffield Wednesday, having signed a permanent deal with the Yorkshire side in the summer of 2004 after impressing during his two loan spells the previous season. During Wednesday's promotion season of 2004–05, Lucas made 41 appearances for the team and totalled 15 clean sheets, despite twice having to battle against injuries. Lucas started the first 18 matches of Sheffield Wednesday's 2005–06 campaign before a knee injury again ruled him out until January. His comeback was short-lived and Lucas was injured again against Millwall on 4 February 2006 after playing only two full games; the new injury again ruled him out until January 2007. Lucas announced that he would not be renewing his contract with Sheffield Wednesday at the end of the 2005–06 season, although he continued to receive treatment at their training ground whilst he was recovering from his knee injury. Lucas subsequently joined South Yorkshire rivals Barnsley on a free transfer in January 2007, but only made three appearances for them. During his first game for Barnsley, he came out to deal with a high ball and collided with the Derby County player Giles Barnes. He was knocked unconscious and left the field on a spinal board after several minutes' treatment. He was expected to need at least ten days to recover from concussion. Lucas signed for Leeds United in September 2007 on a short term contract, making his debut in the Football League Trophy second round against Darlington. He was released in May 2009. Lucas signed for Swindon Town in June 2009 on a two-year contract. He was assigned the number 1 jersey with previous incumbent Phil Smith being relegated to the number 12. Lucas had a successful season, which played a major part in Swindon reaching the Football League One play-offs. He played in both legs of the semi-final against Charlton Athletic, but injured his shoulder in the second minute of the second leg and played no further part in the competition. Lucas' contract with Swindon was terminated one year early by mutual consent, and he signed a one-year deal with Rochdale on 3 August 2011, taking up a player/coach role. He made his Rochdale playing debut in the League Cup against Chesterfield on 9 August. Lucas was released by Rochdale at the end of the season. Lucas signed a one-year contract with Championship club Birmingham City on 10 July 2012. He made his debut on 14 August in the first round of the League Cup at home to Barnet. That was the only appearance he made before leaving when the January 2013 transfer window opened. He joined League Two club Fleetwood Town, reuniting with former Preston North End teammates Graham Alexander, now manager of Fleetwood, and first team coach Chris Lucketti. He joined as goalkeeping coach while retaining his playing registration. He made his league début for Fleetwood on 16 February 2013 against Burton Albion coming on as a substitute in the 57th minute after regular goalkeeper Scott Davies was sent off. Lucas let in four goals and the game ended in a 4–0 defeat. Sheffield Wednesday </doc> <doc id="2336533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336533" title="German federal election, 1919"> German federal election, 1919 Federal elections were held in Germany on 19 January 1919, although members of the standing army in the east voted for their representatives only on 2 February. The elections were the first of the new Weimar Republic following World War I and the Revolution of 1918–19. It was also the first German election held using proportional representation and with women's suffrage. It is also reckoned as the first truly free and fair all-German election, as it was the first to be held after the scrapping of the old constituencies that over-represented rural areas. The voting age was lowered to 20, down from 25 which it had been in the Reichstag election of 1912. Austrian citizens living in Germany were allowed to vote, in the same way that German citizens living in Austria were also allowed to vote in the Austrian Constitutional Assembly election in the same year. From its inaugural session on 6 February, the National Assembly ("Nationalversammlung") functioned as both a constituent assembly and unicameral legislature. On 13 February, provisional "Reichspräsident" (President) Friedrich Ebert appointed Philipp Scheidemann "Reichsministerpräsident" (Minister President, the office was renamed Chancellor only when the Weimar Constitution came into force in August 1919). Scheidemann's government replaced the revolutionary "Rat der Volksbeauftragten" (Council of the People's Deputies). The supporting parties of the "Weimar Coalition" (SPD, Zentrum and DDP) together won 76.2% of the votes cast. Voter turnout was 83.0%. </doc> <doc id="2336540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336540" title="John Henry Wilson"> John Henry Wilson John Henry Wilson (14 February 1834 – 3 July 1912) was a Canadian physician, professor, and parliamentarian. A Liberal, he served two terms as a Member of Parliament representing the electoral district of Elgin East in the province of Ontario. He also represented Elgin East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1871 to 1879. He was born near Ottawa, Upper Canada in 1834, the grandson of a United Empire Loyalist. He studied medicine at the Toronto School of Medicine (later the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Toronto) and New York University. He received his M.D. in 1859 and was appointed professor of anatomy at Victoria College. In 1860, he opened a medical practice in St. Thomas, Ontario. He was elected to the provincial legislature in 1871 and 1875. He was elected to the federal parliament in the Canadian federal election of 1882 and was re-elected in 1887. On 8 March 1904 he was appointed to the Senate of Canada upon the recommendation of Sir Wilfrid Laurier. He represented the senatorial division of St. Thomas, Ontario until his death in 1912. </doc> <doc id="2336542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336542" title="KSTJ"> KSTJ KSTJ may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336544" title="Craig Doyle"> Craig Doyle Craig Doyle (born 17 December 1970, Dublin) is an Irish television and radio presenter. To British viewers he is recognisable as working for the BBC and ITV and more recently BT Sport. Irish viewers also know him as the host of RTÉ One chat show "Tonight with Craig Doyle" and RTÉ Two's" Craig Doyle Live". He is the main anchor on BT Sport Premiership and European Champions Cup rugby coverage. Craig is also a presenter on ITV’s Rugby World Cup coverage. Doyle grew up in the Dublin suburb of Stillorgan. Educated in Catholic schools, the priests wanted Doyle to take to a religious career, but he originally wanted to be a veterinary surgeon. He studied sociology and history at Maynooth, followed by the London College of Printing, where he earned a diploma in broadcast journalism. After graduation, Doyle worked on local radio with BBC Radio Suffolk based in Ipswich, before moving on to ITV to present the children's show "Disney Club" in 1994, having been head hunted following a chance meeting with a producer from the show at a visit to Alton Towers. Moving to London, he presented "Tomorrow's World", "Fasten Your Seatbelt" and "Innovation Nation", and spent six years hosting BBC One's "Holiday". He also had a live music show on London's Capital Radio every Saturday 8am11am. Doyle was a key member of the BBC Sport team from 2004, anchoring international rugby, including the Six Nations Championship, and triathlon. He supports London Irish. In 2004, he formed his own production company Boxer. Its first production was "The Craig Doyle Show," an Irish travel/celebrity program running on RTÉ, and Doyle produced and presented "Ireland's Richest". Released early from his BBC contract, Doyle joined ITV Sport in February 2008, replacing Jim Rosenthal by hosting the UEFA Champions League highlights on ITV1. He also presents ITV4's coverage of the Isle of Man TT. Doyle left Capital Radio at the end of 2008. Doyle presented "Ireland's Top Earners" in 2008, later recalled by John Boland in the "Irish Independent" as a programme that came about "just when the country was sliding inexorably into economic ruin and in which Doyle swooned over the wealth that had been amassed by Seán Quinn" [since bankrupt]. In April 2010, Doyle returned to Irish TV once again to host his own chat show "Tonight with Craig Doyle" on RTÉ One. In September 2010 he joined the team on ITV's "Lorraine" as an investigative reporter. Doyle presented Irish satirical program "The Panel" up to 2011. After that he became the presenter for a new live chat show called "The Social" from November 2011, which returned to screens in 2012 as "Craig Doyle Live". He presented "Now That's What You Called News" for RTÉ over the Christmas at the end of 2011. Doyle currently works with BT Sport presenting coverage of Aviva Rugby Union since mid 2013. Doyle has been a presenter for BT Sport's coverage of MotoGP since mid-2015. Doyle presented the ESAT Young Scientist Exhibition in Dublin, sponsored by BT Ireland in 2005. He is prominent in the UK fronting the adverts of double-glazing company Everest Windows. In Ireland he serves as the face of the UPC cable service adverts. He was a face of Littlewoods Ireland. On 7 January 2002, Doyle married his longtime girlfriend. The couple have three children and live in Barnamire, Wicklow. They also have a home in Kew, West London. Doyle completed his first triathlon in 2006; a year later he represented Ireland at the World Championships in Hamburg, Germany. </doc> <doc id="2336549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336549" title="Mosi Tatupu"> Mosi Tatupu Mosiula Faasuka Tatupu (April 26, 1955 – February 23, 2010) was a National Football League special teamer and running back from American Samoa who, during a fifteen-year professional career, played for the New England Patriots and the Los Angeles Rams. His tenure with the Patriots lasted from 1978 to 1990. He made the Pro Bowl in 1986. Tatupu was a standout player at Punahou School where he set many Hawaii state rushing records. He graduated in 1974. Tatupu attended the University of Southern California, playing in the 1978 Hula Bowl and finished his career with 223 rushing attempts for 1277 yards (5.73 yards per attempt avg.). The Mosi Tatupu Award, given annually to the College Football Special Teams Player of the Year by the Maui Quarterback Club and the Hula Bowl, bears his name. Drafted in 1978 by the New England Patriots (8th round, 215th overall), Tatupu played fullback and became an ace on special teams. He rushed the ball 612 times for 2,415 yards and 18 touchdowns; in the 1983 season he led the league with 5.5 rushing yards per attempt. He caught 96 passes for 843 yards and two touchdowns for his career. His season high for rushing yards came in 1983 with 578 rushing yards and four touchdowns, while in 1984 he set a personal best with 16 catches for 159 yards. In 1987 against the Raiders Tatupu threw a 15-yard touchdown to Tony Collins. However, the Patriots were terrible late in his career (they went 1-15 in his final season) and his playing time was sharply reduced in his final three years with the team; in one humiliating instance, Chris Berman mined humor from a blowout New England loss by showing all 13 receptions by Tatupu in the game, because none of the catches produced a touchdown or even a first down. He was used mostly on special teams kick coverage. He did have seven kick returns for 56 yards in his career. Tatupu was the head coach at King Philip Regional High School in Wrentham, Massachusetts. Former New England Patriots Center Pete Brock was one of his Assistant Coaches. Tatupu was most recently the running-backs coach at NCAA Division III school Curry College in Milton, Massachusetts, a program previously led by former New England Patriot Steve Nelson. Tatupu died in Plainville, Massachusetts on February 23, 2010. The cause of death was a heart attack; in 2014, using brain tissue preserved from his 2010 autopsy, he was posthumously diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy by the CTE Center at Boston University School of Medicine. His son Lofa Tatupu played linebacker for the University of Southern California and middle linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks.Nephew Joe Tuipala also a NFL linebacker from 1999 to 2005. In "The Simpsons" episode "Treehouse of Horror III" Mosi Tatupu's name is used during the "King Homer" segment. This segment is a parody of the 1933 film "King Kong". During this segment, the character of the chief of Ape Island is shown to say "Mosi Tatupu, Mosi Tatupu", which in their language means "the blue-haired woman will make a fine sacrifice" (the "blue-haired woman" being Marge Simpson, who is playing Fay Wray to Homer's King Kong). One of the most popular players to play for the New England Patriots, Tatupu even had his own section of fans at Foxboro Stadium, "Mosi's Mooses," who all adorned moose heads and continually chanted his name throughout every game he played at home. </doc> <doc id="2336561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336561" title="Spanish Mastiff"> Spanish Mastiff The mastín Español or Spanish mastiff, is a giant breed of dog, originating in Spain, originally bred to be a guard dog whose specialized purpose is to be a livestock guardian dog protecting flocks (and occasionally herds) from wolves and other predators. The mountain dog type has a heavier coat. Transhumance in Spain is very ancient, like the primitive populations of those lands and, consequently, the mastiff-transhumance binomial. In the Iron Age of the Castilian Plateau it found skeletons of dogs of enormous dimensions. Also, it is assumed that already in the Neolithic there existed molossers in Central Europe. In different parts of the globe, appeared simultaneously various types of cattle dogs of molosser type, one of these places was Spain considering the natural characteristics of the peninsula. Specifically the Spanish Mastiff was originated in the territories of Asturias, Cantabria, Province of León and Province of Zamora. Th Indo-Europeans, some groups composed of warriors herders and nomadic transhumans, led to large herd molossers dogs the valleys and areas conducive to grass. In the seasons of transhumance it had to walk about thirty kilometers or more per day, which gathered other nine for grazing; without the ebb and continued during monitoring. With the birth of the farming system, the dogs became indispensable. There was probably external influences acting on the base structure of the native dogs. Through centuries of selection and specialization, and thanks to this ecological ring present in many countries of the world (man, sheep, dog and wolf), it gave life to a specimen of a physical and a useful dog. After, in Medieval times, during centuries, the mastín español has accompanied the herds of transhumans sheeps that ran cañadas reales crossing from north to south Spain, defending the cattle of attack of wolves and other vermin; the mastín had the protection of carlancas or carrancas, chunky metal necklaces with skewers. Its function was primarily protective, unlike its fellow Carea dogs, whose function is grazing, driving the herds in response to indications of the shepherd In some places it is known as "perro merinero" by accompany the Merino sheep breed. The first breed standard of the mastín was made by the FCI in 1946. In 1981 was created the Asociación Española del Perro Mastín Español, who organized a breeding program looking for the kind of large and strong mastiff of the past times, and drafted a new breed standard focused on recovering the old cattle dogs, fit as pets, and as guard dog and defense. The Spanish mastiff is a very large and powerful dog, similar in appearance to the other mastiff breeds. They have a large powerful head and serious and vigilant expression Males in this breed are tall at the withers, and range from . Females are at least , and weigh . It has small eyes and drop ears resembling triangles. This dog's coat is most often fawn-colored, but can also be brindle, black or 'wolf' colored. Reddish tones indicate miscegenation This noble giant is aloof, dignified, calm and intelligent. It is devoted to its family and may politely accept strangers if it has been socialized properly, although it will be wary of them. It can be aggressive toward other dogs. The Spanish mastiff may be a less-than-ideal pet in urban situations, where its booming voice and massive size could be problematic. It is a wonderful protector of its home and family. Socialization and training should begin early to ensure this dog a stable and reliable pet. Supervised exposure in puppy-hood to a variety of unfamiliar but non-threatening dogs will help dampen a tendency to aggression toward other dogs. The breed is quite alert and food motivated but can bore easily; training must be consistent and firm but gentle. Once the trainer has established the dog's respect as leader, the Spanish mastiff will be an extremely loyal pet. This dog is more inclined to lumber than gallop, but it can move quite rapidly when necessary. A long daily walk will be sufficient, although it will appreciate a fenced area where it can exercise at its own rate. In addition to its considered "official" variety, which is the current and modern Spanish Mastiff framed in a rigid aesthetic pattern and recognized by the largest canine entities, there is also its more primitive, traditional slope, considered unofficial, and that does not meet any aesthetic standards and has as its objective, still today, to serve its owners acting in the protection of flocks against predators. These unofficial strands, for the purpose of differentiation, are termed traditional Spanish Mastiff, working Spanish Mastiff, Leonese Mastiff, and Wolf Dog. These unofficial strands continue to act actively in their original and primitive function. </doc> <doc id="2336562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336562" title="Galt House"> Galt House The Galt House is a 25-story, 1300-room hotel in Louisville, Kentucky established in 1972. It is named for a nearby historic hotel erected in 1835 and demolished in 1921. The Galt House is the city's only hotel on the Ohio River. The Galt House was, in the early 19th century, the residence of Dr. W.C. Galt. The house was located at the corner of Second and Main Street. The first Galt House was opened by Col. Ariss Throckmorton in 1835. It was a 60-room hotel on the northeast corner of Second and Main streets. During the nineteenth century, The Galt House was acclaimed as Louisville's best hotel. Many noted people stayed at the original Galt House, including Jefferson Davis, Charles Dickens, Abraham Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant. During the Civil War, the Galt House was utilized for meetings of Union generals. In September 1862, it was the scene of an unusual murder, when General Jefferson C. Davis (not to be confused with Confederate President Jefferson Davis) shot Union General William "Bull" Nelson after a dispute. According to a historical marker for the original Galt House, in March 1864, Generals Ulysses S. Grant and William Tecumseh Sherman met at the Galt House to plan the invasion that led to the successful capture of Atlanta, Georgia and Sherman's March to the Sea. As of 2014, this claim has fallen into dispute. The first Galt House structure burned down in 1865. Four years later, in 1869, a larger Galt House was established nearby, on the corner of First and Main streets. Known as the center of Louisville's social life during this time, the hotel closed in 1919 due to financial difficulties and was demolished in 1921. Over a half a century later, in 1972, the Galt House Hotel was reestablished by developer Al J Schneider as part of Louisville's Riverfront Urban Renewal Project. The West (RIVUE) Tower is 25 stories high and features deluxe guest rooms. An East (Suite) Tower was added in 1984. It offers 650 suites, including waterfront balcony suites and waterfront apartments. With 1314 guest rooms, the Galt House Hotel is the largest in Kentucky. It has 128,000 square feet of meeting space, including 53 meeting rooms, two ballrooms and an exhibit hall. There are six restaurants, a business and shipping center, a spa and salon, a barbershop and retail shops. Every year since 1986, the statewide Governor's Cup has been held at the Galt House Hotel. It is the Official Hotel of Churchill Downs and the Kentucky Derby. Al J Schneider's daughter, Mary Moseley, became President and CEO of the company and has led a more than $70 million renovation of the Galt House Hotel. Under her leadership, many updates and renovations have been completed, including the addition of a 3-story glass-jewel Conservatory that links the Suite and RIVUE Towers over Fourth Street. The conservatory is three stories in height and enclosed by steel and glass. It features a cafe, a cocktail lounge and gathering area, an aviary and greenhouse space on one level with large trees and foliage. The Grand Ballroom and Archibald Cochran Ballroom, as well as guest rooms and meeting rooms were renovated. The Conservatory, Club 360 Rooftop Fitness Center, the Rooftop Garden and Terrace, and RIVUE Restaurant and Lounge offer views of downtown Louisville and the Ohio River. A newly constructed pedestrian bridge crossing Main Street connects the Galt House and Riverfront Plaza Towers with the rest of the Downtown Louisville skybridge system. </doc> <doc id="2336563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336563" title="Mithridates of Cius"> Mithridates of Cius Mithridates (in Greek Mιθριδάτης; lived 4th century BCE), son of Ariobarzanes prince of Cius, is mentioned by Xenophon as having betrayed his father, and the same circumstance is alluded to by Aristotle. He may or may not be the same Mithradates who accompanied the younger Cyrus, or the same Mithradates mentioned by Xenophon as satrap of Cappadocia and Lycaonia in the late 5th century BCE. During the Satraps' Revolt in the 360s BCE, Mithridates tricked Datames to believe in him, but in the end arranged Datames' murder in 362 BCE. Similarly, Mithridates gave his own father Ariobarzanes of Phrygia to the hands of the Persian overlord, so Ariobarzanes was crucified in 362 BCE. Demosthenes speaks of Ariobarzanes and his three sons having been lately made Athenian citizens. - as signal of sympathy in the revolt effort, Athens made Ariobarzanes and three of his sons citizens of Athens. Mithradates was possibly one of those sons. In 363 BCE already, Ariobarzanes II (possibly Mithridates' son) made himself master of the family fiefdom of Cius in Mysia. This Mithradates may therefore have died in 363 BCE, but the date is not recorded and only comes from later reconstructions of the succession in the dynasty. Otherwise, this Mithradates may well be the same man as the elderly Mithridates II of Cius who held Cius in Mysia between 337 and 302 BCE, being said to be an old man at that time. </doc> <doc id="2336565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336565" title="Anna Quayle"> Anna Quayle Anne V. M. "Anna" Quayle (born 6 October 1932) is an English former actress. In 1963, she received a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance in the original production of "Stop the World – I Want to Get Off". She was born in Birmingham, England as Anne V. M. Quayle on 6 October 1932 and raised in a staunchly Catholic home. Her parents were Douglas Quayle and Kathleen Parke. Quayle was educated at the Convent of Jesus and Mary Language College. In 1976, she was married to Donald Baker. Quayle has appeared on film, on stage and on television. Her film appearances include "A Hard Day's Night" (1964, in a short but memorable scene with John Lennon), "Smashing Time" (1967), the German expressionist sequence of "Casino Royale" (1967), and "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968). Quayle appeared on Broadway in 1963 in the original production of "Stop the World - I Want to Get Off" opposite Anthony Newley, for which she won a Tony Award for Best Supporting Musical Actress. Her other television work includes the comedy drama "Mapp and Lucia", the children's science fiction series "The Georgian House", and "Grange Hill" where she played the role of Mrs Monroe between 1990 and 1994. She appeared as a regular panellist on the popular BBC2 panel game show "What's My Line?" in 1973. </doc> <doc id="2336567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336567" title="Alonso de Castillo Solórzano"> Alonso de Castillo Solórzano Alonso de Castillo (1584?, probably in Tordesillas, Valladolid1647?, probably in Palermo) was a Spanish novelist and playwright. He is said to have been baptized October 1, 1584. He is next heard of at Madrid in 1619 as a man of literary tastes. While in the service of the Marquis de Villars, he issued his first work, "Donaires del Parnaso" (1624–1625), two volumes of humorous poems; his "Tardes entretenidas" (1625) and "Jornadas alegres" (1626) proved that he was a novelist by vocation. Shortly afterwards he joined the household of the Marquis de los Vélez, Viceroy of Valencia, and published in quick succession three clever picaresque novels: "La Niña de los embustes, Teresa de Manzanares" (1634), "Las Aventuras del Bachiller Trapaza" (1637), and a continuation entitled "La Garduña de Sevilla y Anzuelo de las bolsas" (1642). To these shrewd cynical stories he owes his reputation. He followed the Marquis de los Vélez in his disastrous campaign in Catalonia (the Reapers' War) and accompanied him to Rome, where the defeated general was sent as ambassador. Castillo Solórzano's death occurred before 1648, but the exact date is uncertain. His prolonged absence from Madrid prevented him from writing as copiously for the stage as he would otherwise have done; but he was popular as a playwright both at home and abroad. His "Marqués del Cigarral" and "El Mayorazgo figurón" are the sources respectively of Scarron's "Don Jophet d'Arménie" and "L'Héritier ridicule". Among his numerous remaining works may be mentioned "Las harpías en Madrid" (1633), "Fiestas del Jardín" (1634), "Los Alivios de Casandra" (1640) and the posthumous "Quinta de Laurel" (1649); the witty observation of these books forms a singular contrast to the prim devotion of his "Sagrario de Valencia" (1635). </doc> <doc id="2336569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336569" title="Tapinoma"> Tapinoma Tapinoma (from Greek "ταπείνωμα" low position) is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae. The genus currently comprises 74 described species distributed worldwide in tropical and temperate regions. Members of are generalized foragers, nesting in a wide variety of habitats, ranging from grasslands, open fields, woodlands, to inside buildings. The majority of species nest in the ground under objects such as stones or tree logs, other species build nests under bark of logs and stumps, in plant cavities, insect galls or refuse piles. </doc> <doc id="2336574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336574" title="Kilowatt (album)"> Kilowatt (album) Kilowatt is an album by jazz fusion guitarist Kazumi Watanabe, originally released on audio cassette in 1989. In 1991 it was released again on cassette, CD and LP. All tracks by Kazumi Watanabe except where noted. Notes </doc> <doc id="2336578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336578" title="Knight Street Bridge"> Knight Street Bridge The Knight Street Bridge is a cantilever bridge which spans the North Arm of the Fraser River in British Columbia, connecting Vancouver and Richmond, and serving as a feeder route for Highways 91 and 99 to its south. It is located to the east of the Oak Street Bridge. Besides spanning the river, the bridge also provides access to Mitchell Island. The bridge has a length of 1436 metres and has clearances of 12.2 by 79.2 metres over the north channel, and 20.1 by 109.7 metres for the south channel. The northern section carries six lanes of traffic, while the southern section carries four. The bridge has the distinction of having the most bridge motor vehicle accidents in BC. In addition, the bridge's interchange with Marine Drive is in the top three intersections for motor vehicle accidents in BC. TransLink, the regional transportation authority, is responsible for the bridge. The bridge was built to replace an obsolete span linking the south end of Fraser Street with No. 5 Road in Richmond via Mitchell Island. The Fraser Street Bridge was a through truss built in 1905 with a swing span on the northern side of Mitchell Island. The channel was difficult to navigate, making collisions with ships and barges routine. The height of the Knight Street bridge alleviated this problem. The construction of the Knight Street Bridge took 5 years, costing about $15 million including the approaches. Electric heating cables were installed in the deck to minimize the use of de-icing salt in the winter. The bridge also carries a water pipe and a gas pipe, with the former being the only water supply to Mitchell Island at the time. The bridge opened on January 15, 1974, and the Fraser Street Bridge was dismantled the next month. On January 15, 2000 the boom of a mobile crane transported on a barge named "T.L. Sharpe", towed by the "Sea Cap XII", struck the underside of the Knight Street Bridge at 1:45 PM, damaging the bridge and the fixtures secured underneath its deck. The impact caused the boom to bend and the crane to slide off the barge and sink, and the bridge was closed to traffic for about 48 hours. Water supply to Mitchell Island via the bridge was shut down for 25 days, and an emergency bypass water supply from Vancouver was installed. The incident prompted the City of Richmond to install a second water main to Mitchell Island in 2002. </doc> <doc id="2336589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336589" title="TVP1"> TVP1 TVP1 (TVP Jeden, "Program I Telewizji Polskiej", ""Jedynka"") is a television channel owned by TVP (Telewizja Polska S.A.), Poland's national public broadcaster. It was the first Polish channel to be broadcast and remains one of the most popular today. TVP1 was launched August 1939/25 October 1952 (tests), January 1953 (regular programming). In addition to its SD broadcast, a HD version of TVP1 is also available. Test broadcast started in January 2011, later in June 2012 official broadcast of TVP1 HD began with the coverage of the UEFA Euro 2012. SD broadcasting via satellite ("Eutelsat Hot Bird") stopped on 7 April 2017. 1952-1976 1976-1985 1992-2003 2003–present </doc> <doc id="2336592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336592" title="Flight envelope"> Flight envelope In aerodynamics, the flight envelope, service envelope, or performance envelope of an aircraft or interplanetary spacecraft refers to the capabilities of a design in terms of airspeed and load factor or atmospheric density, often simplified to altitude for Earth-borne aircraft. The term is somewhat loosely applied, and can also refer to other measurements such as manoeuvrability. When a plane is pushed, for instance by diving it at high speeds, it is said to be flown "outside the envelope", something considered rather dangerous. Flight envelope is one of a number of related terms that are all used in a similar fashion. It is perhaps the most common term because it is the oldest, first being used in the early days of test flying. It is closely related to more modern terms known as extra power and a doghouse plot which are different ways of describing a flight envelope. In addition, the term has been widened in scope outside the field of engineering, to refer to the strict limits in which an event will take place or more generally to the predictable behaviour of a given phenomenon or situation, and hence, its "flight envelope" . Extra power, or "specific excess power", is a very basic method of determining an aircraft's flight envelope. It is easily calculated, but as a downside does not tell very much about the actual performance of the aircraft at different altitudes. Choosing any particular set of parameters will generate the needed power for a particular aircraft for those conditions. For instance a Cessna 150 at 2,500 ft (800 m) altitude and 90 mph (140 km/h) speed needs about 60 hp (45 kW) to fly straight and level. The C150 is normally equipped with a 100 hp (75 kW) engine, so in this particular case the plane has 40 hp (30 kW) of extra power. In overall terms this is very little extra power, 60% of the engine's output is already used up just keeping the plane in the air. The leftover 40 hp (30 kW) is all that the aircraft has to manoeuvre with, meaning it can climb, turn, or speed up only a small amount. To put this in perspective, the C150 could not maintain a 2"g" (20 m/s²) turn, which would require a minimum of 120 hp under the same conditions. For the same conditions a fighter aircraft might require considerably more power due to their wings being designed for high speed, high agility, or both. It could require 10,000 hp (7.5 MW) to achieve similar performance. However modern jet engines can provide considerable power with the equivalent of 50,000 hp (37 MW) not being atypical. With this amount of extra power the aircraft can achieve very high maximum rate of climb, even climb straight up, make powerful continual manoeuvres, or fly at very high speeds. A doghouse plot generally shows the relation between speed at level flight and altitude, although other variables are also possible. It takes more effort to make than an extra power calculation, but in turn provides much more information such as ideal flight altitude. The plot typically looks something like an upside-down U and is commonly referred to as a doghouse plot due to its resemblance to a kennel (sometimes known as a 'doghouse' in American English). The diagram on the right shows a very simplified plot which shall be used to explain the general shape of the plot. The outer edges of the diagram, the envelope, show the possible conditions that the aircraft can reach in straight and level flight. For instance, the aircraft described by the black altitude envelope on the right can fly at altitudes up to about 52,000 feet, at which point the thinner air means it can no longer climb. The aircraft can also fly at up to Mach 1.1 at sea level, but no faster. This outer surface of the curve represents the "zero-extra-power condition". All of the area under the curve represents conditions that the plane can fly at with power to spare, for instance, this aircraft can fly at Mach 0.5 at 30,000 feet while using less than full power. In the case of high-performance aircraft, including fighters, this "1-g" line showing straight-and-level flight is augmented with additional lines showing the maximum performance at various g loadings. In the diagram at right, the green line represents, 2-g, the blue line 3-g, and so on. The F-16 Fighting Falcon has a very small area just below Mach 1 and close to sea level where it can maintain a 9-g turn. Flying outside the envelope is possible, since it represents the straight-and-level condition only. For instance diving the aircraft allows higher speeds, using gravity as a source of additional power. Likewise higher altitude can be reached by first speeding up and then going ballistic, a manoeuvre known as a zoom climb. All fixed-wing aircraft have a minimum speed at which they can maintain level flight, the stall speed (left limit line in the diagram). As the aircraft gains altitude the stall speed increases; since the wing is not growing any larger the only way to support the aircraft's weight with less air is to increase speed. While the exact numbers will vary widely from aircraft to aircraft, the nature of this relationship is typically the same; plotted on a graph of speed (x-axis) vs. altitude (y-axis) it forms a diagonal line. Inefficiencies in the wings also make this line "tilt over" with increased altitude, until it becomes horizontal and no additional speed will result in increased altitude. This maximum altitude is known as the service ceiling (top limit line in the diagram), and is often quoted for aircraft performance. The area where the altitude for a given speed can no longer be increased at level flight is known as "zero rate of climb" and is caused by the lift of the aircraft getting smaller at higher altitudes, until it no longer exceeds gravity. The right side of the graph represents the maximum speed of the aircraft. This is typically sloped in the same manner as the stall line due to air resistance getting lower at higher altitudes, up to the point where an increase in altitude no longer increases the maximum speed due to lack of oxygen to feed the engines. The power needed varies almost linearly with altitude, but the nature of drag means that it varies with the square of speed—in other words it is typically easier to go higher than faster, up to the altitude where lack of oxygen for the engines starts to play a significant role. A chart of velocity versus load factor (or V-n diagram) is another way of showing limits of aircraft performance. It shows how much load factor can be safely achieved at different airspeeds. At higher temperatures, air is less dense and planes must fly faster to generate the same amount of lift. High heat may reduce the amount of cargo a plane can carry, increase the length of runway a plane needs to take off, and make it more difficult to avoid obstacles such as mountains. In unusual weather conditions this may make it unsafe or uneconomical to fly, occasionally resulting in the cancellation of commercial flights. Although it is easy to compare aircraft on simple numbers such as maximum speed or service ceiling, an examination of the flight envelope will reveal far more information. Generally a design with a larger area under the curve will have better all-around performance. This is because when the plane is not flying at the edges of the envelope, its extra power will be greater, and that means more power for things like climbing or manoeuvring. General aviation aircraft have very small flight envelopes, with speeds ranging from perhaps 50 to 200 mph, whereas the extra power available to modern fighter aircraft result in huge flight envelopes with many times the area. As a tradeoff however, military aircraft often have a higher stalling speed. As a result of this the landing speed is also higher. This phrase is used to refer to an aircraft being taken to, and perhaps beyond, its designated altitude and speed limits. By extension, this phrase may be used to mean testing other limits, either within aerospace or in other fields e.g. Plus ultra (motto). </doc> <doc id="2336606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336606" title="Pauline Flanagan"> Pauline Flanagan Pauline Flanagan (29 June 1925 – 28 June 2003) was a County Sligo-born Irish actress who had a long career on stage. American television audiences best knew her as Maeve Ryan's sister, Annie Colleary, on the soap opera "Ryan's Hope" in 1979 and again in 1981. She later returned to the show as Sister Mary Joel. Her family was deeply political and supported the Republican (anti-Treaty) side during the Irish Civil War. Both of her parents, Patrick and Elizabeth (née Mulligan) Flanagan, both served as Lord Mayor of Sligo. She was good friends with fellow Irish actresses Joan O'Hara and Paddy Croft. Flanagan spent much of the early 1950s touring with Anew McMaster, where she met Harold Pinter at the Gate's Pinter Festival. She appeared in many Broadway plays, starting in 1957 with Dylan Thomas' "Under Milk Wood". She starred in the 1976 Broadway revival of "The Innocents". She appeared on Broadway in "Philadelphia, Here I Come!" in 1994. She appeared Off-Broadway, several times with the Irish Repertory Theatre, including "Juno and the Paycock" (1995). She appeared in the Harold Prince play "Grandchild of Kings" at the Irish Repertory Theatre in February 1992, receiving the 1992 Outer Critics Circle Award nomination for Best Actress. Other Off-Broadway work included "Yeats: A Celebration". She appeared in the play "Summer", by Hugh Leonard at the Hudson Guild Theater, directed by Brian Murray. ("Summer" premiered at the Olney Theatre, Maryland, in August 1974.) A resident of Glen Rock, New Jersey, she died at The Valley Hospital in Ridgewood, New Jersey one day before her 78th birthday of heart failure following a battle with lung cancer. She was survived by her husband, George Vogel (whom she married in 1958), a sister, Maura McNally, and her daughters Melissa Brown and Jane Holtzen. In 1997 she won the Barclays Theatre Awards for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role in Jennifer Johnston's "Desert Lullaby", at the Lyric Theatre, Belfast. (The Barclays Theatre Awards are for outstanding regional theatre (including opera and dance) in the UK.) She was nominated for the 1982 Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play for "Medea" in which she performed on Broadway in 1982. In 2001 she won an Olivier Award, Best Supporting Actress, for her performance in Frank McGuinness' "Dolly West's Kitchen" at the Old Vic. </doc> <doc id="2336608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336608" title="American Advertising Awards"> American Advertising Awards The American Advertising Awards, home of the ADDY Award, are one of the US advertising industry's largest competitions and is unique in its three-tier structure. The competition attracts more than 35,000 professional and student entries each year through local American Advertising Federation Club (Ad Club) competitions. The mission of the American Advertising Awards competition is to recognize and reward the nation's finest creative advertising. Entrants begin at the local level through more than 140 local AAF affiliate chapters in competitions usually held in January and February. Local ADDY Award winners are then eligible to advance to one of 15 regional AAF District competitions. Winners at the District level are then entered in the National competition, and National ADDY Award winners are recognized at ADMERICA, the AAF's national conference held each June. The AAF and its local and district affiliates use the proceeds to enhance advertising through programs such as public service, internships, advocacy groups, advertising education, and consumer awareness. A Gold ADDY Award is recognition of the highest level of creative excellence in that tier of competition. Entries that are also considered outstanding and worthy of recognition receive a Silver ADDY Award. </doc> <doc id="2336613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336613" title="List of Nigeriens"> List of Nigeriens This is a list of from Niger: </doc> <doc id="2336615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336615" title="Brownsburg-Chatham, Quebec"> Brownsburg-Chatham, Quebec Brownsburg-Chatham is a municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Argenteuil Regional County Municipality. It is located along the Ottawa River, just west of Lachute, and includes the communities of Brownsburg, Cushing, Dalesville, Greece's Point, Pine Hill, and Saint-Philippe. Economic activities include agriculture, tourism and the manufacture of explosives. It is the hometown of Gilles Lupien, retired defenceman of the Montreal Canadiens. Chatham Township was established in 1799, and named after English Statesman William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham (1708–1778). Mostly populated by rich American Loyalists, its post office opened in 1829 and the township municipality was formed in 1845. By the mid-19th century, there were a few hamlets including Dalesville, Brownsbury, and Starneville. In 1818, Major George Brown, born in England, was granted by the government land on the West River ("Rivière de l'Ouest"). Together with pioneers Daniel Smith and Captain A. L. Howard, he was able to breathe life into the local industry during the 1820s. George Brown built, among other achievements, a sawmill and gristmill which contributed to the economic growth of the region and led to the formation of Brownsburg village which was named after him. In 1854, the Brownsburg Post Office opened. Later in the third quarter of the 19th century, a major arms factory run by the Dominion Cartridge Company was the major local industry. In 1935, the Village Municipality of Brownsburg was officially established by separating from the Township Municipality of Chatham. On October 6, 1999, Brownsburg was rejoined with Chatham and the new Municipality of Brownsburg-Chatham was formed. On July 6, 2002, the municipality changed its statutes and became the Town of Brownsburg-Chatham. The Commission scolaire de la Rivière-du-Nord operates French-language public schools. The Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board operates English-language public schools: The city council meetings are available online since February 2, 2016. <br> <br> </doc> <doc id="2336618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336618" title="List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives"> List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives Below is a list of special elections to the United States House of Representatives. Such elections are called by state governors to fill vacancies that occur when a member of the House of Representatives dies or resigns before the biennial general election. Winners of these elections serve the remainder of the term and are usually candidates in the next general election for their districts. In the United States, these contests have been called "special elections" because they do not occur on Election Day like regular congressional elections. Despite their name, however, special elections to the U.S. House happen quite often. Furthermore, one published study shows that special elections are explained by the same factors as regular congressional elections. Special elections to the U.S. House of Representatives have occurred at least once in all states except Iowa and Idaho. A few special elections for territorial delegates to Congress have also been held. A 2016 study of special elections to the United States House of Representatives found "that while candidate characteristics affect special election outcomes, presidential approval is predictive of special election outcomes as well. Furthermore, we find that the effect of presidential approval on special election outcomes has increased in magnitude from 1995 to 2014, with the 2002 midterm representing an important juncture in the nationalization of special elections." In a few instances more than one seat was filled in a single special election, but each seat is counted separately in the list below. </doc> <doc id="2336627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336627" title="Joan O'Hara"> Joan O'Hara Joan O'Hara (10 October 1930 – 23 July 2007) was an Irish stage, film and television actress. She was one of Ireland's most popular actresses and was, at her death, recognisable to television viewers as Eunice Dunstan, a gossip in "Fair City" on RTÉ One. O'Hara was a member of the renowned Abbey Players and performed in many plays in the Abbey Theatre in Dublin, including those by Seán O'Casey, Lady Gregory and W.B. Yeats. She appeared as Maurya in the 1988 film "The Dawning". She appeared in a number of other films, including Ron Howard's "Far and Away", "Da", "Footfalls", "Home is the Hero" and just before her death, "How About You". In this her final film, she starred with Vanessa Redgrave and her friend Brenda Fricker. The strength of her performance and bravery in carrying it out was acknowledged by the cast and crew in a standing ovation. More recently, O'Hara was best known for appearing in the popular Irish television soap opera "Fair City", broadcast on RTÉ One. She joined the soap in 1994, portraying the character Eunice Dunstan until her own (O'Hara's) death in 2007. Thus she was described as both one of Ireland's most popular actresses and as one of the finest actors of her generation on her death. She admired in particular Samuel Beckett, Federico García Lorca and Ingmar Bergman. While she took a no-nonsense approach to her craft, famously giving the advice that when in doubt, one should relate to the fireplace, she was educated at the Abbey School of Acting and had a deep appreciation and knowledge of theoretical approaches to acting and was an admirer of the European and American avant-garde. As actor Alan Stanford said after her death, "She had the most amazing energy. She was in the truest sense one of the last of the greats". O'Hara was born and raised in Rosses Point, County Sligo, the daughter of Major John Charles O'Hara, an officer in the British Corps of Royal Engineers and his wife, Mai (née Kirwan). She attended the same Ursuline convent school as fellow actress (and friend), the late Pauline Flanagan. O'Hara lived most of her life in Monkstown, Dublin, with a stay in London, with her husband, the poet and architect Francis J. Barry. The couple had four children: Siubhan, Jane, Guy, and Sebastian, an author/playwright, whose works include "The Steward of Christendom", and the Booker-shortlisted novels "A Long Long Way" and "The Secret Scripture". One of Joan O'Hara's sisters, Mary (born 1935), is a soprano/harpist. Joan's brother Dermot (born 1934) lives with his family in Canada. Joan O'Hara was also a year-round sea-swimmer. Joan O'Hara Barry (she kept her maiden name as her stage name) died in Dublin on 23 July 2007 of complications from heart disease, aged 76. Her death was announced on the following day. </doc> <doc id="2336629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336629" title="John Bucklin"> John Bucklin John Carpenter Bucklin (1773 – March 5, 1844) was the first mayor of the city of Louisville. His father, a merchant and sailor, was a captain in the Navy during the Revolutionary War. John Bucklin served in the Rhode Island militia, owned several ships, and married Sarah Smith in 1803. The family moved to Louisville in 1819 or 1820, and in 1823 Bucklin became secretary of the second Life Insurance company in the state. He became Louisville's first mayor on March 3, 1828, a month after the state legislature passed Louisville's city charter. Per the terms of the charter, an election was held and the top two candidates were presented to the governor, who chose one to serve a 1-year term. Bucklin defeated William T. Tompkins by just 20 votes, about 650 were cast in total. He would serve six 1-year terms. The powers of the mayor were somewhat limited in the early charter, not even giving the mayor a vote on the more powerful City Council (except to break deadlocks). During his tenure, he successfully argued for the establishment of the first public school in the city (and state). He also dealt with a devastating flood of the city in February 1832, and pushed for the draining of many of Louisville's early ponds. He was a Unitarian, and served as mayor from 1828 to 1834. His pastor called him: "so complete a skeptic that he will believe nothing he has not seen or touched. He. . . thinks the sciences of chemistry, geology, anatomy, geology, etc., are all humbug." He is buried in Cave Hill Cemetery. </doc> <doc id="2336630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336630" title="Sebastian Barry"> Sebastian Barry Sebastian Barry (born 5 July 1955) is an Irish playwright, novelist and poet. He is noted for his dense literary writing style and is considered one of Ireland's finest writers. Barry's literary career began in poetry before he began writing plays and novels. While he was once considered a playwright who wrote occasional novels, in recent years his fiction writing has been more successful than his work in the theatre. He has twice been shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize for his novels "A Long Long Way" (2005) and "The Secret Scripture" (2008), the latter of which won the 2008 Costa Book of the Year and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize. His 2011 novel "On Canaan's Side" was longlisted for the Booker. In January 2017, Barry was awarded the Costa Book of the Year prize for "Days Without End", hence becoming the first novelist to win the prestigious prize twice. Barry was born in Dublin to architect Francis Barry and Irish actress Joan O'Hara. His childhood home was on Longford Terrace, Monkstown which he describes in "A Christmas Tale". He was educated at Catholic University School and Trinity College, Dublin, where he read English and Latin. He also served as an editor of "Icarus". His academic posts have included Honorary Fellow in Writing at the University of Iowa (1984), Villanova University (2006) and Writer Fellow at Trinity College, Dublin (1995–1996). Barry started his literary career with the novel "Macker's Garden" in 1982. This was followed by several books of poetry and a further novel "The Engine of Owl-Light" in 1987 before his career as a playwright began with his first play produced in the Abbey theatre, "Boss Grady's Boys" in 1988. Barry's maternal great-grandfather, James Dunne, provided the inspiration for the main character in his most internationally known play, "The Steward of Christendom", which won the Christopher Ewart-Biggs Memorial Prize. The main character, named Thomas Dunne in the play, was the chief superintendent of the Dublin Metropolitan Police from 1913–1922. He oversaw the area surrounding Dublin Castle until the Irish Free State takeover on 16 January 1922. One of his grandfathers belonged to the British Army Corps of Royal Engineers. Both "The Steward of Christendom" and the novel "The Whereabouts of Eneas McNulty", are about the dislocations (physical and otherwise) of loyalist Irish people during the political upheavals of the early 20th century. The title character of the latter work is a young man forced to leave Ireland by his former friends in the aftermath of the Anglo-Irish War.. Barry's work in fiction came to the fore during the 1990s. His novel "A Long Long Way" was shortlisted for the 2005 Man Booker Prize, and was selected for Dublin's 2007 One city one book event. The novel tells the story of Willie Dunne, a young recruit to the Royal Dublin Fusiliers during the First World War. It brings to life the divided loyaltie that many Irish soldiers felt at the time following the Easter Rising in 1916. {Willie Dunne, son of the fictional Thomas Dunne, first appears as a minor but important character in "The Steward of Christendom".} Barry's 2008 novel, "The Secret Scripture" won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction (announced in August 2009), the oldest such award in the UK, the 2008 Costa Book of the Year (announced 27 January 2009) and in French translation "Le testament caché" it won the 2010 Cezam Prix Littéraire Inter CE. It was also a favourite to win the 2008 Man Booker Prize, narrowly losing out to Aravind Adiga's "The White Tiger". Sebastian Barry's most recent play is "Andersen's English", and is inspired by children's writer Hans Christian Andersen coming to stay with Charles Dickens and his family in the Kent marshes. Directed by Max Stafford-Clark and produced by Out of Joint and Hampstead Theatre, it toured in the UK from 11 February to 8 May 2010. "On Canaan's Side", Barry's fifth novel, concerns Lily Bere, the sister of the character Willy Dunne from "A Long Long Way" and the daughter of the character Thomas Dunne from "The Steward of Christendom", as she emigrates to the US. The novel was longlisted for the 2011 Man Booker Prize and won the 2012 Walter Scott Prize. His next novel,"The Temporary Gentleman", tells the story of Jack McNulty—an Irishman whose commission in the British army in WWII was never permanent. Sitting in his lodgings in Accra, Ghana, in 1957, he’s writing the story of his life with desperate urgency. Barry lives in County Wicklow with his wife, Alison. He has three children, Coral, Merlin and Toby. Barry has stated that Toby coming out as gay was important to the writing of Barry's book "Days Without End", and that Toby's experiences informed the gay relationship in that book. In 2001, Barry established his personal and professional archive at the Harry Ransom Center. Over sixty boxes of papers document his diverse writing career and range of creative output which includes drawings, poetry, short stories, novels, essays, and scripts. </doc> <doc id="2336638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336638" title="Patch cable"> Patch cable A patch cable, patch cord or patch lead is an electrical or optical cable used to connect ("patch in") one electronic or optical device to another for signal routing. Devices of different types (e.g., a switch connected to a computer, or a switch to a router) are connected with patch cords. Patch cords are usually produced in many different colors so as to be easily distinguishable, and are relatively short, perhaps no longer than two metres. Types of patch cords include microphone cables, headphone extension cables, XLR connector, Tiny Telephone (TT) connector, RCA connector and ¼" TRS phone connector cables (as well as modular Ethernet cables), and thicker, hose-like cords (snake cable) used to carry video or amplified signals. However, patch cords typically refer only to short cords used with patch panels. The term "patch" came from early use in telephony and radio studios, where extra equipment kept on standby could be temporarily substituted for failed devices. This reconnection was done via patch cords and patch panels, like the jack fields of cord-type telephone switchboards. Furthermore, patching could also create temporary atypical connections between devices for unusual needs. Analog music synthesizers typically use patch cables to interconnect functional sections, such as oscillators, filters, etc. A patch cord cable differs from a standard structured cabling in that a patch cable is stranded for flexibility, whereas a standard cable is solid copper. Because the patch cord is stranded copper construction the attenuation (signal loss) is higher on patch cords than solid cable so short lengths should be adhered to. Patch cords can be as short as 3 inches (c. 8 cm), to connect stacked components or route signals through a patch bay, or as long as twenty feet (c. 6 m) or more in length for snake cables. As length increases, the cables are usually thicker and/or made with more shielding, to prevent signal loss (attenuation) and the introduction of unwanted radio frequencies and hum (electromagnetic interference). Patch cords are often made of coaxial cables, with the signal carried through a shielded core, and the electrical ground or earthed return connection carried through a wire mesh surrounding the core. Each end of the cable is attached to a connector so that the cord may be plugged in. Connector types may vary widely, particularly with adapting cables. Patch cords may be: A patch cord is always fitted with connectors at both ends. A pigtail is similar to a patch cord and is the informal name given to a cable fitted with a connector at one end and bare wires (or bare fibre) at the other. In the context of copper cabling, these cables are sometimes referred to as blunt patch cords and the non-connectorized end ("the pigtail") is intended to be permanently attached to a component or terminal. Optical fiber pigtails, in contrast to copper pigtails, can be more accurately described as a connector than a cable or cord. A fiber pigtail is a single, short, usually tight-buffered, optical fiber that has an optical connector pre-installed on one end and a length of exposed fiber at the other end. The end of the fiber pigtail is stripped and fusion spliced to a single fiber of a multi-fiber trunk. Splicing of pigtails to each fiber in the trunk "breaks out" the multi-fiber cable into its component fibers for connection to the end equipment. A variety of cables are used to carry electrical signals in sound recording studios and with electronic or electrical musical instruments. Microphones are typically connected to mixing boards or PA systems with XLR microphone cables which use three-pin XLR connectors. A huge range of electric or electronic instruments use 1/4 inch mono patch cords to connect the instrument to the amplifier, such as the electric guitar, electric bass, synthesizer, electric piano, or electronic drum machine. Musicians playing electric or electronic instruments often use longer cables (from 10 to 20 feet) between their instrument and their amplifier, and then use shorter patch cords (from a few inches to one or two feet long) to connect chains of effects devices, "stomp box" pedals, or other signal processors. DJs using record players connect their turntables to mixers or PA systems with stereo RCA connectors. DJs sometimes have to use equipment with multiple cable types, which can create connection difficulties; for example, the DJ's record players and DJ mixers all use RCA connectors, but if they use a drum machine or a bass synthesizer, it may have a 1/4 inch mono connector. To resolve this problem, DJs can either use adapters or special cables (e.g., RCA to 1/4 inch mono). Heavier-gauge cables are used for carrying amplified signals from amplifiers to speakers (both in a PA system and with instrument amplifiers). ¼" TRS phone connector cables can carry stereo signals, so they are used for stereo headphones and for some patching purposes (e.g., inserting an effect into an insert connection in a mixer). Music venues, concert halls, and recording studios also use a thicker, hose-like cord called a snake cable (or a "snake"), which consists of a bundle of many individual cables with patch bays at either end so that audio gear can be connected. The patch bay is a flat panel of audio connectors where XLR cables (often both "male" and "female") and 1/4 inch jacks can be plugged in. The "snake" cable makes setup more convenient, because if a sound engineer did not have a "snake", she or he would have to run 20 or 30 individual microphone and instrument cables from the stage to the mixing booth. The cables could get tangled or mixed up, and it would be hard to know, when faced with 20 connectors at the end of the cable run, which cable was associated with which microphone or instrument. The patch bay is numbered, so that the engineer can note which microphone or instrument is plugged into each numbered connection. </doc> <doc id="2336640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336640" title="The Monkees Present"> The Monkees Present The Monkees Present (also known as The Monkees Present Micky, David, Michael or simply Present) is The Monkees' eighth album. By the time recording had begun in earnest for this album, the Monkees had passed their popularity peak, and as Screen Gems cared less and less about the Monkees' activities, the members were given more control over the creation of this, the second album released after the departure of Peter Tork, and the last to feature Michael Nesmith until 1996's "Justus". Unlike "Instant Replay", all but two of the songs were recorded in 1968 or 1969, and the album was accompanied by a strong advertising push (including a cross promotion with Kool-Aid) and a tour with 'Sam & The Goodtimers' - a seven-piece R&B backing band. This was their last attempt at commercial viability, reaching only #100 on Billboard weekly. Shortly after the album's release, Nesmith announced that he was leaving the Monkees to form his own group called The First National Band. The original plan was to release a double album which devoted one side to each member of the group, who by now were recording virtually as solo artists, but with Tork now gone, and record sales waning, the decision was made to pare the track selection down to a single disc. The album featured two singles, ""Listen to the Band", b/w the non-LP song "Someday Man"; and "Good Clean Fun" b/w "Mommy and Daddy", which upon release in September 1969 reached # 63 and #82 respectively in USA, but neither charted in the UK. Both singles did much better in Australia, reaching #15 and #26 respectively and giving the Monkees their last hits Down Under. All tracks except "Never Tell a Woman Yes," "Ladies Aid Society," "Mommy and Daddy" and "Pillow Time" were featured on the CBS and ABC reruns of "The Monkees" from 1969–1972. "Tracks 1-12: Original album" Previously unissued bonus tracks: "Tracks 1-12: Original album in stereo" Little Girl Good Clean Fun If I Knew Bye Bye Baby Bye Bye Never Tell a Woman Yes Looking for Good Times Ladies Aid Society Listen to the Band French Song Mommy and Daddy Oklahoma Backroom Dancer Pillow Time Calico Girlfriend Samba The Good Earth Listen to the Band [Early Mix] Mommy and Daddy [Early Mix] The Monkees Present - Radio Promo </doc> <doc id="2336647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336647" title="Fort Mims massacre"> Fort Mims massacre The Fort Mims massacre took place on August 30, 1813, during the Creek War, when a force of Creek Indians belonging to the Red Sticks faction, under the command of head warriors Peter McQueen and William Weatherford (also known as Lamochattee or Red Eagle), stormed the fort and defeated the militia garrison. Afterward, a massacre ensued and almost all of the remaining Creek métis, white settlers, and militia at Fort Mims were killed. The fort was a stockade with a blockhouse surrounding the house and outbuildings of the settler Samuel Mims, located about 35 miles north of present-day Mobile, Alabama. The Creek Nation split into factions, coinciding with the War of 1812. One group of Creek nativists, the Red Sticks, argued against any more accommodation of the white settlers while the other Creeks favored adopting the white lifestyle. The Red Stick faction from the Upper Towns opposed both land cessions to settlers and the Lower Towns' assimilation into European-American culture. The nativists were soon called "Red Sticks" because they had raised the "red stick of war," a favored weapon and symbolic Creek war declaration. Civil war among the Creeks erupted in the summer of 1813 and the Red Sticks attacked accommodationist headmen and, in the Upper Towns, began a systematic slaughter of domestic animals, most of which belonged to men who had gained power by adopting aspects of European culture. Not understanding internal issues among the Creek, frontier whites were alarmed about rising tensions and began 'forting up' and moving into various posts and blockhouses such as Fort Mims while reinforcements were sent to the frontier. American spies learned that Peter McQueen's party of Red Sticks were in Pensacola, Florida to acquire food assistance, supplies, and arms from the Spanish. The Creek received from the newly arrived Spanish governor, Mateo González Manrique, 45 barrels of corn and flour, blankets, ribbons, scissors, razors, a few steers, and 1000 pounds of gunpowder and an equivalent supply of lead musket balls and bird shot. When reports of the Creek pack train reached Colonel Caller, he and Major Daniel Beasley of the Mississippi Volunteers led a mounted force of 6 companies, 150 white militia riflemen, and 30 Tensaw "métis" (people of mixed American Indian and Euro-American ancestry) under Captain Dixon Bailey to intercept those warriors. They ambushed the Red Sticks in the Battle of Burnt Corn in July 1813 as the Creek were having their mid-day meal. While the United States forces were looting the pack trains, the warriors returned and successfully drove off the Americans. The United States was now at war with the Creek Nation. In August 1813, Peter McQueen and Red Eagle (Weatherford) were the Red Stick chiefs who led the attack on Fort Mims. Nearly 1,000 warriors from thirteen Creek towns of the Alabamas, the Tallapoosas, and lower Abekas gathered at the mouth of Flat Creek on the lower Alabama River. The mixed-blood Creek, also known as "métis", of Tensaw, who had relocated from Upper Creek Towns with the approval of the Creek National Council, joined European-American settlers in taking refuge within the stockade of Fort Mims. Both these groups also brought slaves. There were about 517 people, including some 265 armed militiamen in the fort. Fort Mims was located about 35 to 45 miles (50–70 km) north of Mobile on the eastern side of the Alabama River. On August 29, 1813, two black slaves tending cattle outside the stockade reported that "painted warriors" were in the vicinity, but mounted scouts from the fort found no signs of the war party. Major Beasley, the commander, had the second slave flogged for "raising a false alarm". Beasley received a second warning the morning of the assault by a mounted scout, but dismissed it and took no precautions, as he was reportedly drunk. Beasley had claimed that he could "maintain the post against any number of Indians", but historians believe the stockade was poorly defended. At the time of the attack, the east gate was partially blocked open by drifting sand. Beasley also posted no pickets or sentries, dismissing the reports the Creeks were near. The Red Sticks attacked during the mid-day meal, attempting to take the fort in a "coup de main" by charging the open gate "en masse". At the same time, they took control of the gun loopholes and the outer enclosure. Under Captain Bailey, the militia and settlers held the inner enclosure, fighting on for a time; after about two hours there was a pause of about an hour. The Indians, their initial impetus blunted inside the fort and casualties rising, held an impromptu council to debate whether to continue the fight or withdraw. By 3 o'clock, it was decided that the Tensaw "métis" led by Dixon Bailey would have to be killed to avenge their treachery at Burnt Corn. The Creeks launched a second attack at 3 pm. The remaining defenders fell back into a building called the 'bastion'. The Red Sticks set fire to the 'bastion' in the center, which then spread out to the rest of the stockade. The warriors forced their way into the inner enclosure and, despite attempts by Weatherford, killed most of the militia defenders, the mixed-blood Creek, and white settlers. After a struggle of hours, the defense collapsed entirely and perhaps 500 militiamen, settlers, slaves and Creeks loyal to the Americans died or were captured, with the Red Sticks taking some 250 scalps. By 5 pm, the battle was over and the stockade and buildings sacked and in flames. While they spared the lives of almost all of the slaves, they took over 100 of them captive. At least three women and ten children are known to have been made captive. Some 36 people, nearly all men, escaped, including Bailey, who was mortally wounded, and two women and one girl. When a relief column arrived a few weeks later, it found 247 corpses of the defenders and 100 of the Creek attackers. After their victory, the Red Sticks "razed the surrounding mestizo and white plantations... They slaughtered over 5,000 head of cattle, destroyed crops and houses, and murdered or stole slaves." The Red Sticks' victory at Fort Mims spread panic throughout the Southeastern United States frontier, and settlers demanded government action and fled. In the weeks following the battle, several thousand persons, about half the population of the Tensaw and Tombigbee districts, fled their settlements for Mobile, which, with a population of 500, struggled to accommodate them. The Red Stick victory, one of the greatest achieved by Native Americans, and massacre marked the transition from a civil war within the Creek tribe (Muskogee) to a war between the United States and the Red Stick warriors of the Upper Creek. Since Federal troops were occupied with the northern front of the War of 1812, Tennessee, Georgia, and the Mississippi Territory mobilized their militias to move against the Upper Creek towns that had supported the Red Sticks' cause. After several battles, Major General Andrew Jackson commanded these state militias and together with Cherokee allies defeated the Red Sticks Creek faction at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend, ending the Creek War. Today, the Fort Mims site is maintained by the Alabama Historical Commission. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 14, 1972. The Fort Mims massacre is cited in Margaret Mitchell's epic novel "Gone with the Wind". In the book, a minor character, Grandma Fontaine, shares her memories of seeing her entire family murdered in the Creek uprising following the massacre as a lesson to the protagonist, Scarlett. She explains that a woman should never experience the worst that can happen to her, for then she can never experience fear again. </doc> <doc id="2336649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336649" title="Fabrice Taylor"> Fabrice Taylor Fabrice Taylor is a Canadian financial journalist, publisher and investor best known for writing a stock-market column in The Globe and Mail newspaper and Report on Business Magazine. Since January, 2011, he has authored and published The President’s Club Investment Letter, a joint-venture with The Globe and Mail. He also writes an associated investment blog. He is a frequent guest on the BNN network. He began his journalism career at The Globe and Mail in 1995 and later became the paper’s capital markets columnist. He won a National Newspaper Award Citation of Merit in 2003 and that same year obtained his CFA designation. His mother is from France and his father is English Canadian. His paternal grandfather, Reverend Dr. Robert L. Taylor, was the moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Canada. </doc> <doc id="2336650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336650" title="Joe Cool"> Joe Cool Joe Cool may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336656" title="Sultanpur, Uttar Pradesh"> Sultanpur, Uttar Pradesh Sultanpur is a city and a municipal board in Sultanpur District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Located on the right banks of the Gomti (a major tributary of the Ganga River), Sultanpur is the administrative headquarters of Sultanpur District and is a part of Ayodhya Division. It is situated 135 kilometres east of state capital Lucknow. The common language of the people of Sultanpur is Awadhi, a dialect of Hindi. Although the area has been part of successive North Indian kingdoms through centuries, the recorded history of the city began in the colonial times. Long a center of Hindu and Buddhist culture it fell under Muslim occupation in the 12th century. The city was completely destroyed during the military operations of the Revolt of 1857. Places of interest in Sultanpur are Victoria Manzil, Christ Church and Chimanlal Park. The city has a large number of temples and palaces. The original town was situated on the left bank of the Gomti River. It is said to have been founded by Kush, son of Rama, and to have been named after him Kusapura or Kusabhavanpur. This ancient city has been identified by General Cunnigham as Sultanpur mentioned by Hiuentsang, the Chinese traveller. He states that there was in his time a dilapidated stupa of Ashoka and that Buddha taught here for six months. There are Buddhist remains still visible at Mahmoodpur, a village, 8 km distant to the north-west of Sultanpur. The town subsequently fell into the hands of Bhars, who retained it until it was taken from them by Muslims in the 12th century. About seven hundred and fifty years ago, it is said, two brothers, Sayid Muhammad and Sayid Ala-ud-Din, horse dealer by profession, visited eastern Avadh and offered some horses for sale to Bhar Chieftains of Kusabhavanpur, who seized the horses and put the two brothers to death. This came to the ear of Ala-ud-Din Khilji, who would not allow such an outrage to pass unpunished. Gathering a mighty force, therefore, he set out for Kusabhavanpur and took revenge by killing most of the Bhars by strategem adopted after a long drawn siege. Kusabhavanpur was reduced to ashes and the town of Sultanpur, so called from the rank of the victor, rose upon its ruins. This town was finally raised to the ground during the military operations connected with the reoccupation of the province in consequence of the inhabitants having been concerned in the murder of British officers at the outbreak of the freedom struggle of 1857. Before annexation a military station and cantonment were established on the right bank of the river in a village then known as Girghit but more commonly called by officials Sultanpur or Chhaoni Sarkar and by the rustic population Kampu or the Cam. The present town of Sultanpur has been developed at this site. In this city there are two parks, one maintained by Soldiers', Sailers' and Airmen's board and other privately maintained known as Chimanlal Park. Sultanpur is the headquarters of the Sultanpur district, north side of this district is bounded by Faizabad district, south side is bounded by Pratapgarh district, west side is bounded by Barabanki district and Raebareli district and the east side is bounded by Azamgarh district, Ambedkarnagar district, and Jaunpur district. It has an average elevation of . Geography of Sultanpur comprises plain lands except some regions around gomti river which drains almost the whole city and district, however southern part of city drains towards Sai river flowing through the Pratapgarh district. The only significant mineral found in region is Kanker. Bijethua Mahaveeran Lambhua surouli </doc> <doc id="2336660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336660" title="United States Military Standard"> United States Military Standard A United States defense standard, often called a military standard, "MIL-STD", "MIL-SPEC", or (informally) "MilSpecs", is used to help achieve standardization objectives by the U.S. Department of Defense. Standardization is beneficial in achieving interoperability, ensuring products meet certain requirements, commonality, reliability, total cost of ownership, compatibility with logistics systems, and similar defense-related objectives. Defense standards are also used by other non-defense government organizations, technical organizations, and industry. This article discusses definitions, history, and usage of defense standards. Related documents, such as defense handbooks and defense specifications, are also addressed. Although the official definitions differentiate between several types of documents, all of these documents go by the general rubric of "military standard", including defense specifications, handbooks, and standards. Strictly speaking, these documents serve different purposes. According to the Government Accountability Office (GAO), military specifications "describe the physical and/or operational characteristics of a product", while military standards "detail the processes and materials to be used to make the product." Military handbooks, on the other hand, are primarily sources of compiled information and/or guidance. The GAO acknowledges, however, that the terms are often used interchangeably. Official definitions are provided by DoD 4120.24, , "Defense Standardization Program (DSP) Procedures," November 2014, USD (Acquisition, Technology and Logistics): For purposes of this article, "military standards" will include standards, specifications and handbooks. The DOD has standards about the format of standards: Defense standards evolved from the need to ensure proper performance, maintainability and reparability (ease of MRO), and logistical usefulness of military equipment. The latter two goals (MRO and logistics) favor certain general concepts, such as interchangeability, standardization (of equipment and processes, in general), cataloging, communications, and training (to teach people what is standardized, what is at their discretion, and the details of the standards). In the late 18th century and throughout the 19th, the American and French militaries were early adopters and longtime developmental sponsors and advocates of interchangeability and standardization. By World War II (1939–1945), virtually all national militaries and trans-national alliances of the same (Allied Forces, Axis powers) were busy standardizing and cataloguing. The U.S. AN- cataloguing system (Army-Navy) and the British Defence Standards (DEF-STAN) provide examples. For example, due to differences in dimensional tolerances, in World War II American screws, bolts, and nuts did not fit British equipment properly and were not fully interchangeable. Defense standards provide many benefits, such as minimizing the number of types of ammunition, ensuring compatibility of tools, and ensuring quality during production of military equipment. This results, for example, in ammunition and food cases that can be opened without tools; vehicle subsystems that can be quickly swapped into the place of damaged ones; and small arms and artillery that are less likely to find themselves with an excess of ammunition that does not fit and a lack of ammo that does. However, the proliferation of standards also has some drawbacks. The main one is that they impose what is functionally equivalent to a regulatory burden upon the defense supply chain, both within the military and across its civilian suppliers. In the U.S. during the 1980s and early 1990s, it was argued that the large number of standards, nearly 30,000 by 1990, imposed unnecessary restrictions, increased cost to contractors (and hence the DOD, since the costs in the end pass along to the customer), and impeded the incorporation of the latest technology. Responding to increasing criticism, Secretary of Defense William Perry issued a memorandum in 1994 that prohibited the use of most military specifications and standards without a waiver. This has become known as the “Perry memo”. Many military specifications and standards were canceled. In their place, the DOD directed the use of performance specifications and non-government standards. “Performance specifications” describe the desired performance of the weapon, rather than describing "how" those goals would be reached (that is, directing which technology or which materials would be used). In 2005 the DOD issued a new memorandum which eliminated the requirement to obtain a waiver in order to use military specifications or standards. The 2005 memo did not reinstate any canceled military specifications or standards. According to a 2003 issue of "Gateway", published by the Human Systems Information Analysis Center, the number of defense standards and specifications have been reduced from 45,500 to 28,300. However, other sources noted that the number of standards just before the Perry memorandum was issued was less than 30,000, and that thousands have been canceled since then. This may be due to differences in what is counted as a “military standard”. Another potential drawback of thorough standardization is a threat analogous to monoculture (where lack of biodiversity creates higher risk of pandemic disease) or a ship without bulkhead compartmentalization (where even a small hull leak threatens the whole vessel). If an enemy discovers a drawback in a standardized system, the system’s uniformity leaves it vulnerable to complete incapacitation via what might otherwise have been a limited compromise. Also, if standardization promotes use by allies, it may also ease an enemy’s task of using materiel that is lost as a prize of war. However, this threat is somewhat academic, as even poorly standardized materiel presents a likelihood of supplying an enemy if overrun. A complete list of standards was maintained as Department of Defense Index of Specifications and Standards, up until 1993. </doc> <doc id="2336665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336665" title="Cuatro (TV channel)"> Cuatro (TV channel) Cuatro (stylized as "cuatro", "Four") is a Spanish commercial television channel, on air since November 2005. Owned by Mediaset España Comunicación, the Spanish subsidiary of the Italian Mediaset group, it is broadcast on the TV frequencies licensed to the previous owner Sogecable in 1990 and previously used by them for the analogue transmission of its pay-per-view channel Canal+. in September 2015 on channel in 5.4% In 2006, Cuatro scored a massive coup by striking a deal with the Royal Spanish Football Federation and Spain's national football team allowing it to show all of the team's matches, and it also concluded an agreement with rival channel La Sexta to share the rights to broadcast the games of general interest in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. It snatched this licence from TVE, who had held the rights to the national team's matches for years. In 2008, together with satellite platform Digital+, owned by the same company, Cuatro secured the rights to broadcast the UEFA Euro 2008 championship, scoring the highest ratings in the history of Spanish television (since 1992). The two broadcasters also achieved rights for 2010 FIFA World Cup. On 18 December 2009, Mediaset, controlling shareholder of Gestevision Telecinco and Promotora de Informaciones, S.A, proprietor of Sogecable, presented an agreement to merge their television channels (Telecinco and Cuatro). After the merger, Cuatro and its broadcasting license Sogecable separated, and the company - Sogecuatro - was purchased in full by Gestevision Telecinco. Along with this act, PRISA bought newly issued shares of Gestevision Telecinco, 18% of the equity of this company. This agreement makes Gestevision Telecinco in the largest television network in Spain by audience share. In total the group has a total of seven channels, in Terrestrial Television in Spain: Telecinco, Cuatro, LaSiete, FactoríaDeFicción, Boing, Canal+Dos, CNN+, Telecinco HD and Canal Club. The president of the resulting string (which will keep the brands and editorial of both chains) is Alejandro Echevarria, with two CEOs who are Paolo Vasile (Contents) and Giuseppe Tringali (Advertising). PRISA also has two CEOs and holds the vice presidency of the operator. Prior to this agreement, formalized the entry of Mediaset in the shareholding of Digital +, with 22% of the shares. "Cuatro" programming includes "", "Pekin Express", "El Hormiguero", "La Liga", "Me cambio de familia". "Cuatro" currently broadcasts in 16:9 for most of the programs, but in 4:3 for a minority of programming including films and older series. It mostly broadcasts series of advertisements that last more than 15min, put on less than a minute of the actual show and then start again with advertisements. </doc> <doc id="2336668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336668" title="American Advertising Federation"> American Advertising Federation The American Advertising Federation (AAF), headquartered in Washington, D.C., is the oldest national advertising trade association in the United States. The AAF also has 15 district operations, each located in and representing a different region of the nation. The AAF’s members are nearly 100 corporate members which are advertisers, advertising agencies, and media companies; a national network of nearly 200 local federations, representing 40,000 advertising professionals, located across the country; and more than 200 AAF college chapters, with over 6,500 student members. The AAF operates programs and initiatives including the Advertising Hall of Fame, the ADDY Awards, the National Student Advertising Competition, the Mosaic Center on Multiculturalism, and summer Ad Camps for high school students in Chicago and Washington. </doc> <doc id="2336675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336675" title="Battle of Tukaroi"> Battle of Tukaroi The Battle of Tukaroi, also known as the Battle of Bajhaura or the Battle of Mughulmari, was fought on 3 March 1575 near the village of Tukaroi now in Balasore District of Odisha situated between Midnapore and Jaleswar, Odisha. This battle was between The Mughal Empire and the Sultanate of Bangala and Bihar. Ikhtiar uddin Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khilji of the Delhi Sultanate, defeated the Sena king Lakshman Sen at his capital, Nabadwip in 1203–1204 and conquered most of Bengal. The Deva family – the last Hindu dynasty to rule in Bengal – ruled briefly in East Bengal, although they were suppressed by the mid-fourteenth century. During the early Muslim period, the former Sena Hindu kingdom became known as the Sultanate of Bangala and Bihar, ruled intermittently from the Sultanate of Delhi. The chaotic shifts in power between the Afghan and Turkish rulers of that sultanate came to an end when Mughal rule became established in Bengal during the sixteenth century. During the reign of Mughal Emperor Jalal ud-Din Muhammad Akbar the Sultan of Bangala was Daud Khan Karrani, who had seized the Fort Zamania a frontier post of the Mughal Empire. This gave Akbar the cause for war. Akbar who was in Gujarat when he received the news of Daud's audacity, at once dispatched orders to Munim Khan and the representative of the imperial power in Jaunpur to chastise the aggressor. Munim on receipt of his sovereign's instructions assembled a powerful force and marched on Patna where he was opposed by Lodi Khan an influential Afghan chief who had placed Daud on the throne and now served that prince as minister Munim Khan who was then very old had lost his energy and after some skirmishing was content to cease hostilities and grant Daud extremely lenient terms. Neither of the principal parties was pleased and Emperor Akbar thought that the Munim Khan had been too easy going whereas Daud was jealous of his minister Lodi Khan. The emperor accordingly deputed Raja Todar Mal to take the command in Bihar making over the Raja's civil duties as Diwan temporarily to Rai Ram Das. Daud treacherously killed his minister Lodi Khan and confiscated his property. Munim Khan stung by his master's censure returned rapidly to Patna and laid siege to the city. But he soon found the task of taking it to be beyond his powers and begged Mughal Emperor Jalal ud-Din Muhammad Akbar to come in person and assume charge of the campaign. Akbar who had just returned to the capital after paying his annual visit to Ajmer proceeded to Agra in March 1574 and prepared a fleet of elaborately equipped boats to proceed down the rivers. On 15 June 1574, Akbar embarked for the river voyage and was accompanied by many of his best officers Hindu and Muslim.The names of nineteen given by Abu'l-Fazl ibn Mubarak include Bhagwan Das, Raja Man Singh, Raja Birbal, Shahbaz Khan and Kasim Khan, the admiral or Mir Bahr. The rainy season being then at its height the voyage was necessarily adventurous and many mishaps occurred. Several vessels foundered off Etawah and 11 off Allahabad. After travelling for 26 days Akbar reached Benares where he halted for three days. He then proceeded and anchored near where the Gomti River joins the Ganges River. On the same day the army which had marched by land arrived. The whole movement evidently had been thought out and executed with consummate skill in the face of tremendous difficulties due to the weather. The ladies and children were sent to Jaunpur and Akbar in response to urgent entreaties from Munim Khan that he would be pleased to come in person with all speed to the front, advanced to the famous ferry at Chaunsa where his father, Emperor Humayun, had suffered a severe defeat in 1539. The army was then brought across to the southern bank of the river. Patna had been under siege for several months now under Munim Khan. Akbar continued his journey by water and on 3 August 1574 landed in the neighbourhood of Patna. After taking counsel with his officers and ascertaining that the besieged city relied for the greater part of its supplies on the town of Hajipur situated on the opposite or northern bank of the Ganges he decided that the capture of that place was a necessary preliminary to the successful accomplishment of the main design. The difficulties caused by the flooded state of the huge river many miles in width at that season and the strenuous resistance of a strongly posted garrison were overcome and the fort was captured by the gallantry of the detachment appointed by Akbar to the duty. The heads of the Afghan leaders killed were thrown into a boat and brought to Akbar who forwarded them to Daud as a hint of the fate which awaited and in due course befell him. The same day Akbar ascended the Panj Pahari or "Five Hills" a group of extremely ancient artificial mounds standing about half a mile to the south of the city and thence reconnoitred the position. Daud, although he still had at his disposal 20,000 horses, a large park of artillery and many elephants, came to the conclusion that he could not resist the imperial power and decided on flight. During the night he slipped out quietly by a back gate and went to Bengal. The garrison which attempted to escape in the darkness suffered heavy losses in the process. Akbar was eager to start at once but was persuaded to wait until the morning when he entered Patna by the "Delhi gate". He then personally pursued the fugitives for about 50 miles but failed to overtake them. An enormous amount of booty including 265 elephants was taken and the common people enjoyed themselves picking up purses of gold and articles of armour in the streams and on the banks. The capture of so great a city in the middle of the rainy season was an almost unprecedented achievement and a painful surprise to the Bengal Sultan. He had reckoned on Akbar following the good old Indian custom of waiting until the Dasahara festival in October to begin a campaign. But Akbar disregarded adverse weather conditions and so was able to win victories in defiance of the shastras and the seasons. The question now came up for decision whether the campaign should be prosecuted notwithstanding the rains or postponed until the cold season. Opinions were divided but Akbar had no hesitation in deciding that delay could not be permitted. Accordingly, he organised an additional army of more than 20,000 men entrusting the supreme command to old Munim Khan who was appointed governor of Bengal. Raja Todar Mal and other capable officers were placed under his orders Jaunpur, Benares, Chunar and certain other territories were brought under the direct administration of the Crown and officers were appointed to govern them on behalf of Akbar. He resolved to return to his capital leaving the Bengal campaign to be conducted by his generals. Late in September while he was encamped at Khanpur in the Jaunpur district he received dispatches announcing the success of Munim Khan. The emperor arrived at Fatehpur Sikri on 18 January 1575 after seven months of strenuous travelling and campaigning. The Mughal army marched into the capital of Bengal, Tanda (near Gaur), and Daud withdrew to Odisha. The action was forced on Munim Khan who was compelled to engage before he was ready. In the early stages of the conflict the Mughal commander received several severe wounds and victory seemed assured to the Bengal army. But later in the day the fall of Daud's general Gujar Khan caused fortune to change sides and brought about the total defeat of Daud who fled from the field. The battle led to the Treaty of Katak in which Daud ceded the whole of Bengal and Bihar, retaining only Odisha. The treaty eventually failed after the death of Munim Khan who died at the age of 80. Sultan Daud Khan took the opportunity and invaded Bengal. This would lead to the Battle of Raj Mahal in 1576. </doc> <doc id="2336683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336683" title="Tim Floyd"> Tim Floyd Timothy Fitzpatrick Floyd (born February 25, 1954) is a former American college basketball coach, most recently the head coach at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP). He was formerly the head coach of several teams in the NCAA and the NBA, previously at the University of Southern California. Floyd is also known as the coach of the Chicago Bulls for four seasons. He announced his retirement from coaching after the UTEP game on November 27, 2017. Born in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, Floyd is a 1977 graduate of Louisiana Tech University where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in health and physical education. He originally was a walk-on player at the University of Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg, but he transferred to Louisiana Tech in Ruston and was a scholarship player there. His father, who was also a coach, died when Floyd was 18. Floyd and wife Beverly have one daughter, Shannon. In November 2009, a video surfaced on YouTube depicting Floyd breaking up a fight in the food court of a casino in Palm Desert, California. Floyd confirmed the video's accuracy, telling ESPN.com that "I was leaving and then this thing happened in the food court", referring to the fight. Floyd's first coaching job was as an assistant at UTEP under Hall of Famer Don Haskins from 1977 to 1986. While Floyd was at UTEP, the Miners went to three straight NCAA Tournaments (from 1984 to 1986). They also went to the NIT three times (1980, 1981, 1983) and won four Western Athletic Conference championships in those years. Floyd's first assignment as a head coach came at the University of Idaho in Moscow; hired in March 1986, he succeeded Bill Trumbo, who finished last in the Big Sky conference in each of his three seasons. Floyd coached the Vandals for two years; in his first season, the Vandals posted their first winning record since alumnus Don Monson left for Oregon after the 1983 season. The next season, they were the regular season runner-up, their best result since 1982. (After Floyd's 1988 departure, assistant Kermit Davis was promoted to head coach and Idaho won the conference title in 1989 and 1990.) At the University of New Orleans, Floyd tallied a mark in six seasons as head coach. During his tenure, the Privateers advanced to postseason play five times, including two NCAA Tournament appearances in 1991 and 1993 and the NIT three times. At UNO, Floyd averaged 21 wins a season; he is one of only four Division I coaches who have won four conference championships in the first five years at their school. In his final season at New Orleans in 1994, the team finished Floyd reached the 20-win plateau for the sixth time in eight seasons, and UNO made its seventh postseason appearance in eight years. Floyd was hired at Iowa State University in May 1994 as the 15th basketball coach in ISU history. In his four years at ISU, Floyd posted an record. He is one of two coaches in Iowa State history to post three consecutive 20-win seasons along with his former player and former ISU basketball coach Fred Hoiberg. He also led the team to three straight appearances in the NCAA Tournament and three straight first-round victories. In his first season with the Cyclones, Floyd guided the team to a then-school-record 23 victories and the second round of the NCAA Tournament. During that season, the Cyclones were ranked in the AP Top 25 poll for 11 consecutive weeks, peaking at number eleven. Four of the eleven ISU losses were to 1995 NCAA Final Four teams. The Cyclones returned to the Big Eight Conference Tournament championship for the first time since 1986. In addition, during the 1995 season, Fred Hoiberg became the first Cyclone to earn All-American honors since Jeff Grayer in 1988. Picked in preseason polls to finish last in the Big Eight, the 1995–96 Cyclones finished second in the league with a 9–5 mark and won the Big Eight Conference Tournament with a win over the Kansas Jayhawks, then ranked the number five team in the nation. The Cyclones received the highest NCAA Tournament seed in school history up to that time. As the number five seed, the Cyclones defeated the California Bears but lost to the Utah Utes, then coached by Rick Majerus (who, in 2004, accepted and immediately resigned from the USC head coaching job that later went to Floyd). Iowa State's 24 victories that season was a school record. For his coaching efforts, Floyd was named Big Eight Coach of the Year and runner-up to Gene Keady of Purdue University for AP National Coach of the Year. In the 1996–1997 season, with high expectations and a national ranking as high as number four, Floyd and the Cyclones posted a 22–9 mark and advanced to their first NCAA Sweet Sixteen appearance in 11 years. In the NCAA Tournament, the sixth-seeded Cyclones defeated the Illinois State Redbirds in the first round and the Cincinnati Bearcats before losing to the UCLA Bruins in overtime in a game they led by double digits most of the game. Floyd was also responsible for landing would-be recruits, including Nick Collison and Kirk Hinrich, who would later withdraw their verbal commitments upon Floyd's departure from Iowa State. While at Iowa State, Floyd coached future pros Dedric Willoughby, Fred Hoiberg (now the current head coach of the Chicago Bulls), Kelvin Cato, Marcus Fizer and Paul Shirley. In 1998, Floyd was hired as the head coach of the NBA Chicago Bulls on July 23, replacing Phil Jackson. That offseason, the players of the Bulls championship teams retired or left, leaving the equivalent of an expansion team. During the lockout season of 1998–1999, the Bulls went , and were the next season. The team continued to lose, posting a record in the 2000–01 season. His fourth year as coach was marred by fights with players and management; after a 4–21 start, Floyd resigned on December 24, 2001. In his four seasons with the Bulls, Floyd posted a record of . The team did not make the NBA playoffs in any of those seasons. Known as a favorite of Jerry Krause by the Chicago media, Floyd proclaimed at a July 1998 press conference introducing him to reporters, "Don't call me Jerry's boy." As head coach of the New Orleans Hornets in 2003–04, Floyd posted a 41–41 record, despite the mid-season loss of Hornets star Jamal Mashburn. The Hornets lost in the first round of the playoffs, taking the Miami Heat the full seven games. Ownership was dissatisfied and dismissed Floyd after just one season. Floyd ended his NBA career with a record, including the playoffs, admitting in interviews that, as an NBA coach, "I wasn't very good at it". It was announced on November 12, 2009, that Floyd would be rejoining the Hornets as a top assistant to head coach and General Manager Jeff Bower. On January 14, 2005, Floyd was hired as head coach of the USC Trojans, he succeeded interim coach Jim Saia, who filled in after the school fired Henry Bibby. USC had originally hired Rick Majerus on December 15, 2004, however he unexpectedly resigned five days later. Floyd was the Trojans' immediate next choice. Floyd's initial season may be regarded as a success. The 2005–06 Trojans finished the regular season with a 17–12 (8–10) record and sixth place in the Pac-10, including three conference losses by a combined nine points. Floyd was the subject of heightened media attention in October 2006, when 14-year-old high school freshman Dwayne Polee Jr., son of former NBA player Dwayne Polee, verbally accepted a scholarship offer from Floyd. Polee Jr. had yet to play in a high school basketball game. For the 2006–2007 season, Floyd led the Trojans to a 25–12 (13–8) record (most wins in school history) and third place in the Pac-10. He also led this team to finals of the Pacific Life Pac-10 Tournament, where they lost to Oregon. Floyd took the Trojans to the 2007 NCAA Tournament's Sweet 16, only the second USC team to do so since 1979. However, USC lost to number one seeded UNC on March 23, 2007. In the 2008 NCAA Tournament, the #6 seeded Trojans fell 80–67 to the #11 seed Kansas State Wildcats in the first round. Floyd's Trojans won the 2009 Pac-10 Tournament by defeating Arizona State, then made it to the second round of the 2009 NCAA Tournament, losing to eventual runner-up Michigan State. This marked the first time the Trojans had made a third consecutive NCAA tournament. After USC's exit from the tournament, Floyd was offered the vacant coaching position at Arizona but turned it down. The off-season immediately following the 2009 tournament proved to be tumultuous for Floyd and the USC program: Key starters DeMar DeRozan, Taj Gibson and Daniel Hackett all declared for the NBA draft on the same day. Floyd was accused of providing improper benefits by handing cash to Los Angeles event promoter Rodney Guillory, one of the handlers for O. J. Mayo, to influence the then-high school star to choose USC, resulting in an NCAA investigation. The NCAA's 2010 infractions report for USC concluded that Floyd and other USC staffers knew about "two separate NCAA violations, one involving [Mayo] and one where [Guillory] was found to be a runner for an agent" but failed to take due diligence in Mayo's recruitment, thus a lack of institutional control on their part. Due to the NCAA investigation and academic issues, several key recruits decommitted or chose different universities. After Marcus Johnson, who played only 16 games for USC, averaging 3.6 points, opted to turn professional, Floyd lamented to a gathering of boosters: "Kansas has two players who would have been NBA lottery picks, Cole Aldrich and Sherron Collins, and they are returning to school. Good for them. Our guys get an offer from Islamabad and they're gone." Claiming to have lost enthusiasm for his job, Floyd resigned as the head coach of USC on June 9, 2009. Floyd first notified a paper in his home state of Mississippi; his resignation was accepted by USC, which was faced with looking for a replacement late in the off-season. Following an internal investigation, USC vacated its 21 wins from the 2007–08 season and withdrew from postseason consideration (including the Pac-10 tournament) for the 2009–10 season. On March 30, 2010, UTEP announced the hiring of Floyd. Floyd replaced Tony Barbee who left to take a head coach job at Auburn. "Tim Floyd, who brought respectability on the court and controversy off it to the Southern California basketball program, resigned Tuesday. Floyd stepped down a month after a published report that he gave $1,000 in cash to the man who acted as a go-between when star player O. J. Mayo decided to attend USC and play his freshman season at the school." In 2013, a feud developed between Floyd and USC coach Andy Enfield. The dispute started over a top-flight prospect reneging on his letter-of-intent to UTEP, followed by disparaging comments Enfield made about Floyd and El Paso in a magazine article. The two had "heated words" at a November, 2013, reception in the Bahamas. </doc> <doc id="2336689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336689" title="Cecelia Ahern"> Cecelia Ahern Cecelia Ahern (born 30 September 1981) is an Irish novelist whose work was first published in 2004. Ahern was born and grew up in Dublin. She is now published in nearly fifty countries, and has sold over 25 million copies of her novels worldwide. Two of her books have been adapted as films and she has created several TV series. She and her books have won numerous awards, including the Irish Book Award for Popular Fiction for "The Year I Met You".She has published several novels and contributed a number of short stories to various anthologies. Ahern also created and produced the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?" starring Christina Applegate. She is a face of Littlewoods Ireland. Ahern is the daughter of the former Taoiseach of Ireland, Bertie Ahern. Her older sister, Georgina Ahern, is married to Nicky Byrne of Irish pop group Westlife. In 2000, Cecelia Ahern was part of the Irish pop group Shimma, who finished third in the Irish national final for the Eurovision Song Contest. Before starting her writing and producing career, she obtained a degree in Journalism and Media Communications from Griffith College Dublin, but withdrew from a Master's degree course to pursue her writing career. On 14 December 2009, it was announced that Cecelia had given birth to her first child with husband David Keoghan, a girl named Robin. One of her spokeswomen confirmed in March 2012 that she was pregnant with a second child. Cecelia gave birth to her second child a boy named Sonny on 23 July 2012. They currently live in Malahide in North County Dublin. In 2002, when Cecelia Ahern was twenty-one, she wrote her first novel, "PS, I Love You". Published in 2004, it was the number 1 bestseller in Ireland (for 19 weeks), the United Kingdom, U.S., Germany and the Netherlands. It is sold in over forty countries. The book was adapted as a motion picture directed by Richard LaGravenese and starring Hilary Swank and Gerard Butler. It was released in the United States on 21 December 2007. Her second book, "Where Rainbows End" (U.S. "Love, Rosie"), also reached number 1 in Ireland and the UK, and won the German CORINE Award in 2005. It was adapted as a motion picture titled "Love, Rosie" which was released in 2014, directed by and starring Lily Collins and Sam Claflin. She has contributed to charity books with the royalties from short stories such as "Irish Girls are Back in Town" and "Ladies' Night". Cecelia was the co-creator with (along with Donald Todd) and producer of the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?" starring Christina Applegate, Jean Smart, Jennifer Esposito, Barry Watson, Kevin Dunn, Melissa McCarthy and Tim Russ. Her book "The Gift" was published just before Christmas 2008 in the UK. Her following book, "The Book of Tomorrow", was published on the 1 October 2009. In 2016, Cecelia released "Flawed", her first book for young adults, and "Lyrebird". Cecelia was nominated for Best Newcomer 2004/5 at the British Book Awards for her debut novel "PS, I Love You". She won the 2005 Irish Post Award for Literature and a 2005 Corine Award for her second book "Where Rainbows End", (Fur Immer Vielleicht) which was voted for by German readers. In 2006, she was long-listed for the IMPAC award for "PS I Love You". "Cosmopolitan US" honoured her with a Fun Fearless Fiction Award 2007 for If You Could See Me Now. Irish "Tatler" awarded her Writer of the Year at the Woman of the Year awards in 2009. Cecelia’s fifth novel Thanks for the Memories was nominated for Most Popular Book in the British Book Awards 2008. Cecelia was voted Author of Year in the "UK Glamour" Women of the Year Awards in 2008. </doc> <doc id="2336691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336691" title="James Sikking"> James Sikking James Barrie Sikking (born March 5, 1934) is an American actor known for his role as Lt. Howard Hunter on the 1980s TV series "Hill Street Blues". He also starred on the ABC TV series "Doogie Howser, M.D." as Dr. David Howser and on the short-lived 1997 drama series "Brooklyn South" as Captain Stan Jonas. All three series were co-created by Steven Bochco. Sikking did the voice of General Gordon on the short-lived 1998 cartoon series "Invasion America". He is often credited as James B. Sikking. His film work includes "The Competition", "Outland", "Up the Creek" and "", as well as a minor (but crucial) part, as a cynical hitman, in the earlier "Point Blank". Sikking's film career started in 1955. Sikking starred in the 1992 TV movie "Doing Time on Maple Drive". He has made guest appearances on many TV series including "Perry Mason", "Rawhide", "Bonanza", "The Outer Limits", "General Hospital", "The Rockford Files", "The Bob Newhart Show", "Hogan's Heroes", "Rich Man, Poor Man Book II", "Hunter" and "Batman Beyond". Sikking was born in Los Angeles. His mother, Sue Sikking (née Paxton), was a founder of Santa Monica's Unity-by-the-Sea Church. Sikking graduated from UCLA in 1959 and attended the University of Hawaii. He has two brothers, Tom and Art, and a sister, Joy. He is married to Florine Sikking, a cookbook author. They live in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles. "The Closer", (2012) as the Judge, Season 7, Episode 16 - directed by Peter Hyams </doc> <doc id="2336700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336700" title="Instant replay (disambiguation)"> Instant replay (disambiguation) Instant replay is the process of replaying previously occurred events through the use of video technology. Instant replay may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336703" title="Giuseppe Campora"> Giuseppe Campora Giuseppe Campora was born on September 30, 1923 in Tortona, Italy. Campora was a Puccinian tenor. In 1954 he was the dubbed voice for Nicolai Filacuridi as Pinkerton in the Carmine Gallone directed film of Madama Butterfly. Campora enjoyed successes in all the major theatres of Italy (including Maurizio in "Adriana Lecouvreur" with Magda Olivero at the Teatro alla Scala, 1958), as well as at the Metropolitan Opera in New York City, where his performances of the 1950s and 1960s are still fondly remembered. He was the Edgardo in "Lucia di Lammermoor", in Maria Callas's only Met broadcast, in 1956. In 1973, he debuted at the New York City Opera as the Chevalier des Grieux, in "Manon". In 1980, he was heard at the San Diego Opera in "Die Fledermaus", opposite Dame Joan Sutherland and Beverly Sills, in their only joint appearance. He also frequently sang the music of fellow Tortonese Lorenzo Perosi. His discography includes recordings of "La forza del destino" (1952), "La Gioconda" (1952), "Madama Butterfly" (with Renata Tebaldi, 1952), "Simon Boccanegra" (with Victoria de los Ángeles, Tito Gobbi and Boris Christoff, 1957), "Tosca" (with Tebaldi and Enzo Mascherini, 1952) and" La traviata" (1952). Campora died on December 5, 2004. </doc> <doc id="2336705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336705" title="Aidan McArdle"> Aidan McArdle Aidan McArdle (born 1970) is an Irish actor. McArdle was born in Dublin. He studied for an Arts degree at University College Dublin before going on to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, England. His work with the Royal Shakespeare Company includes the title role in "Richard III" and the role of Puck in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". He also appeared in the title role of a stage adaptation of John Irving's "A Prayer for Owen Meany" by Simon Bent at London's Royal National Theatre in 2002, along with the role of Joseph Surface in Deborah Warner's 2011 "The School for Scandal" at the Barbican Centre. He appeared in the BBC Two show "Beautiful People" in 2008. His first foray into the Hollywood film industry was as Slannen, an elf who secretly aspires to be a lawyer in the 2004 movie "Ella Enchanted". He appeared as a supporting character, Jewish anarchist Saul Landau, on an episode of the 2009 BBC TV series, "Casualty 1909". As of 2005 his most significant roles have been in television biopics. These roles include Dudley Moore in the 2004 television movie "Not Only But Always", Albert Einstein in the 2005 biography "E=mc²", and Igor Stravinsky in the 2005 production "Riot at the Rite". McArdle is well known for his numerous television roles, the majority of which are period roles. He has recently starred in Garrow's Law as Silvester and in the comedy television series Beautiful people as Andy Doonan. He also worked on the British period drama Mr Selfridge about the founder of the department store Selfridges as Lord Loxley who becomes an archenemy to Harry Selfridge. He is married to ex-"Heartbeat" actress Aislin McGuckin, and is a cousin of Steve Coogan. </doc> <doc id="2336706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336706" title="Nempnett Thrubwell"> Nempnett Thrubwell Nempnett Thrubwell is a small village and civil parish in dairying country on the western edge of Bath and North East Somerset, in the county of Somerset, England. It is about 15 km south-west of Bristol. The parish, which has a population of 177, is sheltered by the Mendip Hills, near the River Yeo in the Chew Valley. It is the site of the Fairy Toot oval barrow. Lying just to the north of Blagdon Lake, isolated Nempnett Thrubwell falls within the network of minor roads bounded by the A38, A368, B3114 and B3130; whilst signposted from each of these major routes, a lack of any further signposting makes it difficult to locate the village when arriving by road. The landscape is characterized by isolated farmsteads, the vernacular older buildings generally of the local Lias limestone or of render with clay-tiled roofs. Though being largely rural and consisting of one road and a few houses, Nempnett Thrubwell's curiously comedic name makes the village something of a famous local attraction. It is the subject of the song "Down In Nempnett Thrubwell" by The Wurzels and is mentioned in the earlier Adge Cutler song "Up The Clump". The name Nempnett Thrubwell is believed to mean 'The grove at the village well' from the Celtic "nemett" and the Old English "wiell". The parish of Nempnett Thrubwell was part of the Keynsham Hundred, In the parish, the Fairy Toot is an extensive oval barrow, formerly a chambered cairn which is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, on the national monument register as '22826'. The Fairy Toot south-southwest of Howgrove Farm is a mound 60 m long, 25 m wide and now 2.5 m high, retained by a stone wall. Its summit is covered with ash trees and shrubs. Formerly it was considerably higher. On being opened in 1789 and essentially destroyed, it was found to contain two rows of cells, running from south to north, formed by immense stones set edgeways, and covered by others of larger dimensions. At the time it was conjectured to be a work of the Druids, but its origins are far older and probably date from the Neolithic period. Wade and Wade in their 1929 book "Somerset" described it as ""a remarkably fine tumulus of masonry, said to have been one of the finest in Britain, in the chambers of which skeletons have been discovered. A few vestiges of it now only remain, the rest has been used as a lime-kiln."" The village played a minor role in the English Civil War 1640–1660, just prior to the taking of Bristol by Fairfax's forces. The village lies on the direct route between Bristol and Sherborne, where Fairfax's forces had rested after The Battle of Langport in July 1645. Cromwell's cavalry is known to have stabled in the hamlet on the nights of 8–9 September 1645 just before Fairfax’s final assault on Bristol on 10 September in which they played a critical role. The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, such as the village hall or community centre, playing fields and playgrounds, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also of interest to the council. Nempnett Thrubwell is part of the Chew Valley South Ward which is represented by one councillor on the unitary authority of Bath and North East Somerset which was created in 1996, as established by the Local Government Act 1992. It provides a single tier of local government with responsibility for almost all local government functions within its area including local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection, recycling, cemeteries, crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism. It is also responsible for education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning, although fire, police and ambulance services are provided jointly with other authorities through the Avon Fire and Rescue Service, Avon and Somerset Constabulary and the Great Western Ambulance Service. Bath and North East Somerset's area covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset but it is administered independently of the non-metropolitan county. Its administrative headquarters is in Bath. Between 1 April 1974 and 1 April 1996, it was the Wansdyke district and the City of Bath of the county of Avon. Before 1974 that the parish was part of the Clutton Rural District. The parish is represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as part of North East Somerset. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It is also part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects six MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation. The nearby meadows at Plaster's Green Meadows are designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest because it is an area of unimproved and traditionally managed species-rich meadows which support a neutral grassland community of a type which is now rare throughout Britain. The site is situated on the slopes fringing the Lias Tablelands and is underlain by Rhaetic clays and, lower down the slope Keuper Red Marl. The slowly permeable clay soils are slightly calcareous in nature and this is reflected in elements of the flora. The site is characterised by the nationally rare Common Knapweed ("Centaurea nigra") and Crested Dog’s-tail ("Cynosurus cristatus") and dominant grasses include Sweet Vernal-grass ("Anthoxanthum odoratum"), Crested Dog’s-tail and Yorkshire Fog ("Holcus lanatus"), while Quaking Grass ("Briza media") and Yellow Oat-grass ("Trisetum flavescens") are also frequent. There is a high component of herb species throughout the meadows including Saw-wort ("Serratuta tinctoria"), Dyer’s Greenweed ("Genista tinctoria"), Common Knapweed, Pepper-saxifrage ("Silaum silaus"), Devil’s-bit Scabious ("Succisa pratensis"), Betony ("Stachys officinalis") and Spiny Restharrow ("Ononis spinosa"). The calcareous nature of the soil is reflected by the presence of Cowslip ("Primula veris"), Fairy Flax ("Linum catharticum"), Glaucous Sedge ("Carex flacca"), Lady’s Bedstraw ("Galium verum") and occasional Salad Burnet ("Sanguisorba minor"). The meadows are bounded by hedges supporting numerous species including Hawthorn ("Crataegus monogyna"), Wych Elm ("Ulmus glabra"), English Elm ("Ulmus procera"), Hazel ("Corylus avellana") and Field Maple ("Acer campestre"). Hedgerow trees include Ash ("Fraxinus excelsior"), Sweet Chestnut ("Castanea sativa"), Holly ("Ilex aquifolium") and Oak ("Quercus sp"). According to the 2001 Census, the Chew Valley South Ward (which includes Ubley), had 1,032 residents, living in 411 households, with an average age of 42.1 years. Of these 74% of residents describing their health as 'good', 20% of 16- to 74-year-olds had no qualifications; and the area had an unemployment rate of 1.7% of all economically active people aged 16–74. In the Index of Multiple Deprivation 2004, it was ranked at 22,950 out of 32,482 wards in England, where 1 was the most deprived LSOA and 32,482 the least deprived. Regilbury Park Farm, in the parish, has a farmhouse which was formerly the ancestral home of the Baber family, one time lords of the manor. Parts of the mansion remain, with mullioned windows in one large gabled wing. It is a Grade II listed building. The Old Rectory, which is now a private house, dates from 1860. A 19th-century black cast iron pump, with a lion crest, curved handle and fluted finial and its retaining walls, about 10 metres north-west of Mendip Farmhouse, which is marked as a spring on Ordnance Survey maps, is Grade II listed. The Victorian village hall fell into disrepair during the second half of the 20th century. It was restored over a period of years and reopened on 15 July 2006. The parish church, St Mary's on Knap Hill, has a tower containing five bells. The tower has set back buttresses and two arch bell openings with tracery. The tower is crowned by a parapet with blank arcading, and square pinnacles, it also has a slightly higher stair turret. The late Victorian chancel of 1897 is in the decorated style. Inside the church is a screen attributed to Pugin, although Nikolaus Pevsner is of the opinion the architect is probably Pugin the younger. It is a Grade II* listed building, with a cross in the churchyard being listed Grade II. Wade and Wade in their 1929 book "Somerset" described it as ""a small building with a Perp. W. tower, from the W. face of which project two curious and uncanny carved heads of a man and beast. The walls of the nave still bear the original 13th cent. consecration crosses. The chancel is modern, and contains a rich modern screen and a good E. window of Munich glass. Note (1) rude Norm. S. doorway filled with Perp. tracery; (2) Norm. font carved with a curious device by some later craftsman. Near the porch in the churchyard is (1) base of ancient cross; (2) tomb of first rector — Robert — bearing an incised cross"." The parish register lists christenings, marriages and burials from 1568. The lords of the manor and chief landowners, following the demise of the Babers during the 17th century, have been the baronets Tynte of Halswell. The Tyntes are probably responsible for the obelisk located at Rookery Farm in the parish. The film director Phyllida Lloyd grew up in the village. Nempnett Thrubwell is the subject of the song "Down In Nempnett Thrubwell" by The Wurzels and is mentioned in the earlier Adge Cutler song "Up The Clump", which ends with the line "the moon shines bright on Nempnett Thrubwell". The village is mentioned in the Stackridge (circa "A Victory for Common Sense", 2009) song "Red Squirrel": "When darkness falls / There’s a place to go / Join our militant cell / Down in Nemphnett Thrubwell". Nempnett Thrubwell is mentioned in the 1983 book "The Meaning of Liff" by Douglas Adams and John Lloyd. The book gives alternative meanings to village names in the UK. The village is described as: ""NEMPNETT THRUBWELL (n.) The feeling experienced when driving off for the first time on a brand new motorbike."" "Anna's Story: Basset Mead" by Alfred Fox, published in 2008, is set in the village of Nempnett Thrubwell. </doc> <doc id="2336712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336712" title="Lee Bullen"> Lee Bullen Lee Bullen (born 29 March 1971 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish football player and coach. In a career that has spanned more than 20 years, Bullen has played football professionally in Scotland, England, Australia, Greece and Hong Kong. Having started his career as a striker, Bullen converted to defence midway through his career, and has also been used in various other positions. Lee was named as Sheffield Wednesday's greatest ever captain on a prostatecanceruk.org poll. Bullen started his career in Scotland with Dunfermline Athletic, but failed to make an appearance before moving to Penicuik Athletic, a Junior Football team. Bullen then spent time at Meadowbank Thistle, Stenhousemuir and Whitburn. After failing to become an established player at a professional club in Scotland, Bullen moved to Australia to pursue his footballing career, playing for CYC Stanmore and Wollongong Wolves. During his time in Australia, Bullen was scouted by a Hong Kong football club, Kui Tan, and he made the switch to Hong Kong. He played in the Hong Kong Football League for 4 seasons in total, moving from Kui Tan to Golden then on to South China. On 26 May 1996, Bullen played for a Hong Kong XI side in an unofficial friendly against England in their build up to Euro 96. In 1998 Bullen moved to Greece and spent 2 years at Kalamata in the Greek Football League. In 2000 at the age of 29, Bullen returned to Scotland, signing for Dunfermline Athletic. Bullen spent five years at the Scottish club. After leading Dunfermline to the Scottish Cup Final, Bullen moved to English club Sheffield Wednesday on a free transfer in the summer of 2004. He immediately became an integral part of their Play-Off push after making his debut on 7 August in a 3–0 defeat on the opening day of the season at Hillsborough against Colchester United and scoring his first goal the next game on 10 August, away at Blackpool to lead the team to a 2–1 victory. In November 2005 the Captain's armband was passed onto him by Chris Marsden who was forced into retirement by injury. Bullen finished his first season in Sheffield with seven league goals. During his time at Sheffield Wednesday he played in all eleven positions for the Owls, including memorably in goal away at Millwall, and received The "Wash & Go" good sport award for his efforts. In January 2008 Bullen was informed by Sheffield Wednesday manager Brian Laws that he would not have his contract renewed upon its expiry at the end of the 2007–08 season. Bullen's final appearance for Sheffield Wednesday came in a crucial relegation battle against Leicester City on the penultimate game of the season which the Owls won 3–1, an injury sustained in this game denied him an appearance for the last match of the season versus Norwich City on 4 May 2008 and a chance to play at Hillsborough for the last time. He did however appear in the end of season lap-of-honour and received a spectacular reception from the fans. Bullen was given a Guard of honour by his Wednesday team mates as he left the pitch for the final time. In May 2008, Bullen joined Scottish Premier League side Falkirk on a two-year deal. Bullen later became an assistant coach at Falkirk. He scored his only goal for Falkirk in a 2-0 win over Hamilton Academical in November 2009. He left Falkirk in October 2011 to move to Sheffield, where his wife runs an estate agency business. In 2011, Bullen signed a deal to become a youth coach at his former club Sheffield Wednesday and was given the post of development squad head coach. In October 2015, he was promoted to the position of assistant manager at the club, working on first team coaching and organisation alongside head coach Carlos Carvalhal. Following the dismissal of Carvalhal on 24 December 2017, Bullen took temporary charge of the first team. </doc> <doc id="2336714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336714" title="Benjamin Wier"> Benjamin Wier Benjamin Wier (9 August 1805 – 14 April 1868) was a Canadian businessman and politician. He was born in Newport Township, Hants County, Nova Scotia, the son of Benjamin Weir. He married Phoebe Wier, a cousin, and opened a store near Windsor. He moved to Halifax in 1830. He established himself in the wholesale trade, operating a fleet of schooners that traded goods between Nova Scotia and New England. Prior to Canadian Confederation in 1867, Wier represented Halifax township from 1851 to 1859 and Lunenburg County from 1859 to 1863 in the colonial Nova Scotia House of Assembly. During that period, he served in the province's Executive Council from 1855 to 1856 and from 1859 to 1863. After losing his seat in the Nova Scotia election of 1863, he turned his attention to his many business interests. He was president of the Dartmouth Marine Railway and of the Salt Works Company. Weir was also a director of the People's Bank, the Union Marine Insurance Company, the Sydney Marine Railway and the Nova Scotian Telegraph Company. He also served as an alderman for the city of Halifax. Following Confederation, he was appointed to the Senate of Canada on 23 October 1867 by royal proclamation. He represented the senatorial division of Nova Scotia until his death in Ottawa at the age of 62. </doc> <doc id="2336716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336716" title="Campora"> Campora Campora is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno, Campania (southern Italy). It is located in the territory of Cilento and as of 2009 its population was of 810. The village is located in a hill area in the middle of Cilento, close to Stio and to the area of Pruno, not too far from the town of Vallo della Lucania. It borders with the municipalities of Cannalonga, Gioi, Laurino, Moio della Civitella, Novi Velia and Stio. </doc> <doc id="2336722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336722" title="Matrix of country subdivisions"> Matrix of country subdivisions The following is a matrix of the primary country subdivisions. It shows which types of entities, e.g. "province", exist in which countries and at what level. To keep the matrix as compact as possible and to illustrate distribution, countries are represented by ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, followed by the number of units present. Not included in the matrix are federal districts, capital districts, interstate compacts, or other special-purpose districts that exist in AR, BR, DO, MX, NG, US. A country may have more than one entity at the same level; for example, some countries have states "and" territories at the first level. On the other hand, some countries may have the same entity occupy in some cases more than one level. </doc> <doc id="2336732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336732" title="Installer VISE"> Installer VISE Installer VISE is an installer maker that supports Mac OS 9, Mac OS X, and Windows by MindVision Software. Steve Kiene, the founder of MindVision, had done software work in the area of data compression, producing the Application VISE executable compressor for the Mac platform and a disk compression software implementation; the latter was released as Stacker after having been acquired by Stac Electronics. Installer VISE (which was first called Developer VISE) initially arose from some add-on software extensions that Kiene had developed for use with the Installer software from Apple. Originally created Mac-only, Installer VISE was one of the most popular installer makers for the platform around 2006 given its visual interface that made the software easy to use by nontechnical persons in addition to its extensive features. However, its popularity has waned on Mac OS X. VISE X, an installer maker designed to produce installers specifically for installing Mac OS X software, was released by MindVision Software in 2003. </doc> <doc id="2336733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336733" title="Kathryn Crosby"> Kathryn Crosby Kathryn Crosby (born November 25, 1933) is a retired American actress and singer who performed in films under the stage-names Kathryn Grant and Kathryn Grandstaff. Born Olive Kathryn Grandstaff in West Columbia, Texas, she graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1955. Two years later she became Bing Crosby's second wife, being more than thirty years his junior. The couple had three children, Harry, Mary Frances, and Nathaniel. She appeared as a guest star on her husband's 1964–1965 ABC sitcom "The Bing Crosby Show". She largely retired after their marriage, but did have a featured role in the courtroom drama "Anatomy of a Murder" (1959). She also played the part of "Mama Bear" alongside her husband and children in "Goldilocks" and co-starred with Jack Lemmon in the comedy "Operation Mad Ball" (1957), with Tony Curtis in the drama "Mister Cory" (1957) and as a trapeze artist in "The Big Circus" (1959). In the mid-1970s, she hosted "The Kathryn Crosby Show", a 30-minute local talk-show on KPIX-TV in San Francisco. Husband Bing appeared as a guest occasionally. Since Bing Crosby's death in 1977, she has taken on a few smaller roles and the lead in the short-lived 1996 Broadway musical "State Fair". For 16 years ending in 2001, Crosby hosted the Crosby National Golf Tournament at Bermuda Run Country Club in Bermuda Run, North Carolina. A nearby bridge carrying U.S. Route 158 over the Yadkin River is named for Kathryn Crosby. On November 4, 2010, Crosby was seriously injured in an automobile accident in the Sierra Nevada that killed her 85-year-old second husband, Maurice William Sullivan, whom she had married in 2000. </doc> <doc id="2336738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336738" title="Scott Drew"> Scott Drew Scott Homer Drew (born October 23, 1970) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of Baylor University Bears men's basketball team. Drew graduated from Butler University in 1993 with a bachelor's degree in liberal arts. While at Butler he was a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity. Although he never played college basketball at the varsity level, Drew spent two years as a student assistant for the men's basketball team. Afterwards, Drew assumed an assistant coaching position with the Valparaiso University Crusaders men's team under his father Homer Drew. He spent nine years in this position, during which he earned a master's degree from Valparaiso and a reputation as one of the best recruiters in the nation. Once the elder Drew retired, he became the team's head coach for one year. In that year, Valparaiso won the regular season conference championship, but lost to IUPUI in the Mid-Continent Conference tournament, thus losing the bid to the NCAA tournament. However, the team proceeded to earn an NIT bid. When Drew went to Baylor, his father came out of retirement to coach Valpo. On August 22, 2003, Drew took the head coaching position of the men's team at Baylor University after the resignation of Dave Bliss due to scandal. Drew took over the team in August, unusually late for a coaching change, and most of Baylor's top players from the previous year had chosen to transfer. Drew took over a program left in a shambles as a result of the scandal. Besides losing most of its top players, the program was put on probation until 2010, and had paid scholarships and paid recruiting visits reduced until 2007. Post season play was also cancelled for the 2003–04 season, and only conference games were permitted for the 2005-06 season. With these handicaps, Drew led the Bears to an 8–21 record in the 2003–04 season, 9–19 in the 2004–05 season, and 4–13 in the conference-only 2005–06 season. In the 2007–08 season, Drew turned around his Bears to finish with a 21–9 regular season record and 9–7 Big 12 record, and rank 4th in the Big 12. The 21 wins and 9 conference wins were Baylor's best since joining the Big 12 in 1996. It was enough to make the NCAA Tournament for only the fifth time in school history and the first time since 1988. At the end of the regular season, when Drew made an appearance on the sports show PTI, host Tony Kornheiser suggested on the air that Drew be voted "unanimous coach of the year". After the season, Drew signed a 10-year contract extension to stay the head coach of the Bears. Prior to the 2008–09 season, a Rivals.com writer called Drew the Big 12 "coach on the rise", due to Drew's success in recruiting talent to Baylor.The Big 12 coaches picked Drew's squad to finish fourth in the conference. In 2010, after finishing tied for second in the Big 12 with a squad picked to finish tenth in the preseason poll, Scott Drew was elected the "Austin American Statesman's" Coach of the Year. That year he went on to beat the Longhorns three straight times. He went on in the same year to enjoy a NCAA Sweet 16 berth, making him and his father Homer Drew one of the few father and son coaches to accomplish such feat. Then he made an Elite 8 appearance eventually losing to the national championship-winning Duke Blue Devils. In 2011, Drew led Baylor to an 18–13 overall record and a seventh-place finish in the Big 12. In the first round of the Big 12 Tournament, Baylor lost to Oklahoma. Hours before the game, Baylor was informed that star player, Perry Jones III, would not be allowed to play for accepting impermissible benefits, a decision that was later reversed. The team did not participate in a postseason tournament. In 2011–12, the Bears started the season 17–0 and rose to third in the AP Poll and the coaches' poll—the highest weekly rankings in school history at that time. However, Baylor finished the season on a 13–8 run in their last 21 games and finished in a tie for third in the Big 12. In the Big 12 Tournament, they defeated No. 3-seeded Kansas in the semifinals, but lost to Missouri in the championship game. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament, where they advanced to the Elite Eight loss before losing to Kentucky. The loss marked the second time in three seasons that the Bears' season ended at the hands of the eventual national champions. During the 2012–13 season, Baylor fell to 23–14, 9–9 in Big 12 play to finish in sixth place. An early loss in the Big 12 Tournament resulted in the Bears failing to get an invitation to the NCAA Tournament. They accepted a bid to the NIT where they would advance to the championship game and Iowa to win the NIT. In 2013–14, the Bears finished with a 26–12 record, again finishing in sixth place in the Big 12. However, they advanced to the Big 12 Tournament championship with three straight wins, including a win over No. 17-ranked Oklahoma, before losing to No. 16-ranked Iowa State. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament as a No. 6 seed. In the Tournament, the defeated Nebraska and Creighton, before losing to Wisconsin in the Sweet Sixteen. The following year, the Bears finished 24–10, 11–7 to finish in fourth place in Big 12 play. They lost in the semifinals of the Big 12 Tournament to No. 9 Kansas and received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament. As a No. 3 seed, they were upset by No. 14-seeded Georgia State in the Second Round (formerly the First Round). A third straight trip to the NCAA Tournament followed in 2016, but another early exit followed the Bears 22–12 campaign. An upset by No. 12-seeded Yale, knocked the Bears out of the Tournament in the First Round. In 2016–17, the Bears began the season 15–0 and led to a No. 1 in the country for the first time in Baylor history. However, in their first game as No. 1, they were blown out by No. 10-ranked West Virginia. Later in the season Baylor would beat West Virginia at home to notch their fourth win over a top 10 team on the season. Baylor was an at large 3-seed to the NCAA tournament. Drew is a Christian. Drew has spoken about his faith saying, "We may not win another game this year, and I may be a horrible coach, but if any of these guys leave without knowing Christ, that will be the real loss." </doc> <doc id="2336740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336740" title="WWTN"> WWTN WWTN (99.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station serving the Nashville, Tennessee media market. Home to many local and national talk radio shows, the station is marketed as SuperTalk 99.7 WTN (the first W is eliminated for simplicity). It is owned by Cumulus Media. WWTN operates at 100,000 watts and is a Class C0 station. WWTN is licensed to the city of Hendersonville, Tennessee which is approximately 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Nashville. Its antenna (395 meters/1296 feet in height above average terrain, 604 meters/1982 feet above sea level) is located approximately 25 miles (40 km) SSE of Nashville in Rutherford County, Tennessee, between the cities of Murfreesboro and Franklin. The station's studios are in the Music Row district of Nashville. On March 29, 1979, the station first signed on the air as WMSR-FM, licensed to the city of Manchester, Tennessee. It began focusing on the Nashville market in the early 1990s. Manchester is nearly halfway between Nashville and Chattanooga, but the Cumberland Plateau prevents a Manchester FM signal from penetrating Chattanooga, and vice versa. Currently, its far-reaching signal covers most of Middle Tennessee, even venturing into parts of Northern Alabama and Southern Kentucky. The city of license changed to Hendersonville in 2008, as part of a larger project that saw four of Cumulus' five Nashville stations change cities of license in the process of allowing sister station WNFN to move its transmitter and increase power. The station was mired in bankruptcy in the early 1990s until being purchased by Gaylord Entertainment Company in 1995. Gaylord also owned 650 WSM (AM) and 95.5 WSM-FM, as well as the "Grand Ole Opry" concert hall and Opryland USA amusement park. During this period, WWTN broadcast a mixture of locally originated general interest talk programming, sports talk, and the Business Talk Radio Network. Within three years subsequent to the Gaylord purchase, WWTN was Nashville's highest-billing radio station. In 2003, WWTN and WSM-FM were sold to Cumulus Media for $65 million . WWTN serves as the flagship station for the nationally syndicated weekday afternoon talk show hosted by Phil Valentine and also offers local programs on from weekdays mornings till early afternoons, hosted by Ralph Bristol, Michael DelGiorno and Dan Mandis. The weekday evening schedule is provided by the Westwood One Network, a subsidiary of Cumulus Media: "The Mark Levin Show", "The Savage Nation with Michael Savage" and "Red Eye Radio". Weekends feature shows on money, health, real estate, cars, guns and computers, including syndicated shows from Kim Komando, Larry Kudlow and Bill Cunningham. Some weekend hours are paid brokered programming. At night and on weekends, most hours begin with world and national news from Westwood One News. In 1992, WWTN began airing a local show entitled "The Money Game" with Dave Ramsey, Hal Wilson, and Roy Matlock. Wilson and Matlock would leave the show at different points in its early history. With Ramsey hosting alone, his company assumed ownership of the program, which was renamed "The Dave Ramsey Show" in 1996 and was eventually independently syndicated to over 500 stations nationwide. WWTN served as the nominal flagship until 2012, when Ramsey moved the show to WPRT-FM in 2013, and then to WLAC in 2014. WWTN's primary talk competition is 1510 WLAC, an AM talk radio station owned by iHeartMedia, and non-commercial NPR network affiliate 90.3 WPLN-FM. </doc> <doc id="2336741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336741" title="Changes (The Monkees album)"> Changes (The Monkees album) Changes is the ninth studio album by the Monkees. The album was issued after Michael Nesmith's exit from the band, leaving only Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones to fulfill the recording contract they signed in the mid-1960s. "Changes" was their last new album for Colgems Records and the group's last album of all new material until 1987's "Pool It". The album's title had originally been considered for the Monkees' movie (released in 1968), and a song with that title (cowritten by Jones with Steve Pitts) had been recorded. The movie was retitled "Head", however, and the song was shelved, remaining unreleased until the 1990s. "Changes" reunited Jones and Dolenz with producer Jeff Barry, who now had his own successful record label, Steed Records. As with the earliest Monkees recordings, Jones and Dolenz provided only their vocals, despite the album cover featuring them playing percussion, while the backing tracks were provided by session musicians. Barry plucked his own produced outtake of his composition "99 Pounds" from the final Don Kirshner-supervised Monkees sessions in January 1967 that also yielded the hit single "A Little Bit Me, A Little Bit You"; while "Midnight Train" was recorded during sessions for "The Monkees Present" and had been featured in CBS-TV reruns of "The Monkees" television show (most notably in "The Chaperone"). "I Never Thought It Peculiar" was recorded during the sessions for "More of the Monkees". "Oh My My" became the first single from the album and made the Top 100 in the "Billboard" charts; written by Jeff Barry and Andy Kim, it is unrelated to the later 1973 Ringo Starr single of the same name. Besides being the opening track and lead-off single from the album, "Oh My My" was also accompanied by a rare promo film directed by Micky Dolenz, showing Micky and Davy Jones riding their motorcycles and horses. "Acapulco Sun" was released as a single in Mexico, becoming a minor hit there. "Changes" appeared in June 1970 and initially failed to make the charts. Consequently, its initial pressing was limited (COS-119) and has become one of the more valuable Monkees albums. Jones announced shortly after its release that he was resuming his solo career, but he and Dolenz would release one more single together before reuniting in 1976 with Monkees songwriters and producers Boyce and Hart. In the wake of the success of the Monkees' television show being rebroadcast on Saturday mornings by CBS (in which all but two tracks from "Changes" were featured in the reruns), the duo recorded "Do It In The Name Of Love" and "Lady Jane" in September 1970. Instead of appearing under the "Monkees" name on Colgems Records, however, the single was released on Bell Records, the successor label to Colgems, and credited to "Mickey Dolenz and Davy Jones". This was due to the prohibitive costs of licensing the Monkees name in the US; however, in Japan, the record was issued under the name the Monkees. One track recorded during the studio session, "Time and Time Again", was dropped in favor of "I Never Thought It Peculiar". The track later surfaced on the Monkees rarities collection "Missing Links" and in remixed form as a bonus track on the 1995 CD release of "Changes". Another song, "Steam Engine," was recorded in 1969 for "Changes" and was written and produced by Chip Douglas, featuring Micky Dolenz on vocals. This song was not released at the time due to a disagreement between Screen Gems and Douglas over session costs and only saw the light of day via the Monkees' TV series episode "Monkees on Tour." In 1979, it was finally issued on the semi-official Australian compilation album "Monkeemania - 40 Timeless Hits", and in 1982 it was issued in the USA on the Rhino Records picture disc "Monkee Business". As of 2018, two "lost" outtakes from the sessions, "Which Way (Do You Want It)" and "Ride Baby, Ride" have not been found in any archives, though, the search continues. "Changes" was reissued in December 1986 by Rhino Records (RNLP-70148), as were all of the original Monkees albums that year, and made a belated entry into the "Billboard" album charts, reaching No. 152. The Rhino vinyl reissue was mastered from a vinyl copy of the album, the master tape having been lost over the years. For the 1994 CD reissue on Rhino, a first-generation master tape was found at the Screen Gems publishing division, and used for the CD reissue. Jones later stated that "Changes" was his least favorite Monkees effort, going so far as to comment in the CD version's liner notes: "That was Jeff Barry and Andy Kim doing an Andy Kim album," adding that he had terrible memories of the recording sessions. Dolenz, while not lavishing praise on "Changes", said that he was pleased to be invited to record new material. "I was quite happy to do it as long as somebody wanted to record me. It was simple as that." Dolenz added "by that time, it was pretty obvious that the Monkees were over. Davy and I were still getting along, but we were mainly fulfilling a contractual obligation to a record company — that's what "Changes" is all about". All tracks except "You're So Good to Me" and "It's Got to Be Love" were featured on the CBS reruns of "The Monkees" from 1970–1972. "Tracks 1-12: Original album" "Oh, My, My" "Ticket on a Ferry Ride" "You're So Good to Me" "It's Got to Be Love" "Acapulco Sun" "99 Pounds" "Tell Me Love" "Do You Feel It Too?" "I Love You Better" "All Alone in the Dark" "Midnight Train" "I Never Thought It Peculiar" "Time and Time Again" "Do It in the Name of Love" "Lady Jane" </doc> <doc id="2336743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336743" title="Sultanpur district"> Sultanpur district Sultanpur district is a district in the state of Uttar Pradesh in northern India. The district is a part of Ayodhya Division. The administrative headquarters of the district is Sultanpur. Sultanpur has now five tehsils of Sultanpur Sadar, Kadipur, Lambhua, Baldirai and Jaisinghpur. The Amethi, Musafirkhana, and Gauriganj tehsils are now in Amethi district. District has one municipality, five town areas and twenty two development blocks. Besides Sultanpur city, important towns are Amethi, Chanda, Dostpur, Jagdishpur, Kadipur, Koeripur, Lambhua, Mushafirkhana and Shukul Bazar. Sultanpur is divided into twenty six police stations for the maintenance of law and order. Languages spoken by the denizens of the district include Awadhi, a dialect in the Hindi continuum spoken by over 38 million people, mainly in the Awadh region. </doc> <doc id="2336754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336754" title="Supreme Muslim Council"> Supreme Muslim Council The Supreme Muslim Council (SMC) (in Arabic المجلس الإسلامي الاعلى) was the highest body in charge of Muslim community affairs in Mandatory Palestine under British control. It was established to create an advisory body composed of Muslims and Christians with whom the High Commissioner could consult. The Muslim leaders, however, sought to create an independent council to supervise the religious affairs of its community, especially in matters relating to religious trusts (waqf) and shariah courts. The British acceded to these proposals and formed the SMC which controlled waqf funds, the orphan funds, and shariah courts, and responsible for appointing teachers and preachers. The SMC continued to exist until January 1951, when it was dissolved by Jordan and its function transferred to the Jordanian Ministry of Awqaf. A SMC was reconstituted in the occupied territories in 1967 as the judicial authority of the Muslim community in Israel in matters of personal status of its members under Israel's confessional community system. There are several Supreme Muslim Councils which administer Muslim affairs in several countries, for example in the Russian Federation and Kenya. The High Commissioner of Palestine, Herbert Samuel, issued an order in December 1921 (in anticipation of the start of the British Mandate of Palestine, which did not start till September 1923) establishing a Supreme Muslim Council with authority over all the Muslim waqfs and sharia courts in Palestine. It was to consist of five members - a president and four members, two of whom were to represent the Ottoman district of Jerusalem and the remaining two to represent the Ottoman districts of Nablus and Acre. All were to be paid from government and waqf funds. The SMC had a budget of £50,000. At the first election, held on 9 January 1922, the fifty-three former electors to the last Ottoman parliament, elected Hajj Amīn al-Husseini as president, by a vote of 40 out of 47. The other members were Muhammad Effendi Murad, 'Abd al-Latif Bey Salah, Sa'id al-Shawa and 'Abd al-Latif al-Dajani. Amin al-Husayni had previously been made Grand Mufti of Jerusalem by Samuel following the death of his half-brother, Kamil al-Husayni, on 31 March 1921. Amīn al-Tamīmī was appointed as acting president when Amīn al-Husayni was abroad, The secretaries appointed were ‘Abdallah Shafĩq and Muhammad al’Afĩfĩ and from 1928-1930 the secretary was Amin's relative Jamāl al-Husaynī, Sa’d al Dīn al-Khaţīb and later another of the Amīn al-Husayni's relatives ‘Alī al-Husaynī, ‘Ajaj Nuwayhid, a Druze was an adviser. In 1924, the SMC accepted Hussein bin Ali, the Sharif of Mecca, as the custodian of Al Aqsa mosque. The custodianship then became a Hashemite legacy administered by consecutive Jordanian kings. The president of SMC had the powers of employment over all Muslim officials throughout Palestine. The Anglo American committee termed it a powerful political machine. Amin rarely delegated authority, and most of the SMC's executive work was carried out by Amīn al-Husayni. Nepotism and favoritism played a central part to Amīn al-Husayni's tenure as president of the SMC. Subsequent elections were held in 1926, 1929, and 1930, though the 1926 election was annulled by the High Court of Justice and its members chosen by the Mandatory government. The Arab Higher Committee was established on 25 April 1936, after the start of the 1936-39 Arab revolt. Amin al-Husayni was president and included several member of the Supreme Muslim Council, including Jamal al-Husayni and Yaqub al-Ghusayn. The AHC was outlawed on 1 October 1937 following the assassination of the Acting District Commissioner for Galilee Lewis Yelland Andrews by Galilean members of the al-Qassam group on 26 September. The British commenced to arrest the members of the AHC, including members of the SMC who were on the AHC, but Amin al-Husayni fled the country to avoid arrest. Amin al-Husayni's position as president of the Supreme Muslim Council was terminated, but the SMC continued to function. The SMC continued in existence under the British but was dissolved in 1948 after Jordan occupied Jerusalem. The Supreme Muslim Council was dismantled in January 1951 by Jordan, and all the Palestinian waqf (charitable institutions) and the juridical system was placed under the control of the Jordanian Ministry of Awqaf. The SMC had already been crippled by the loss of vast properties in areas that became the territory of Israel. The Supreme Muslim Council was reconstituted in Jerusalem under Israeli rule after the Six-Day War in 1967. It is the judicial authority of the Muslim community in Israel in matters of personal status of its members under Israel's confessional community system. Hasan Tahboub was the head of the SMC (1993–1998) and Minister of Waqf and Religious Affairs in the Palestinian Authority (1994–1998). In 2006, Na'if Rajoub was the Palestinian minister in charge of the Waqf. </doc> <doc id="2336757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336757" title="Kathryn Grant"> Kathryn Grant Kathryn Grant may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336765" title="HMS Aetna"> HMS Aetna Ten ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Aetna or HMS "Etna, after the volcano Etna: </doc> <doc id="2336767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336767" title="Alexander H. Sibley"> Alexander H. Sibley Alexander Hamilton Sibley (October 17, 1817-July 10, 1878) was the president of the Silver Islet Mining Company which operated a silver mine on the Sibley Peninsula in northwestern Ontario, which was purchased from the Montreal Mining Company after they had decided the mine was an "engineering nightmare" and sold it to Silver Islet Mining for $225,000. Sibley was born in Detroit in 1817, the son of the first mayor of Detroit, Solomon Sibley. He was the brother of the first governor of Minnesota, Henry Hastings Sibley. From 1870 until his death in 1878, Sibley lived in Detroit and spent his summers at the mine. He died in New York City in 1878, with William Frue by his side. </doc> <doc id="2336772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336772" title="Marsha Fitzalan"> Marsha Fitzalan Lady Marcia Mary Josephine Fitzalan-Howard (born 10 March 1953), known as Marsha Fitzalan, is an English actress. Marcia Fitzalan-Howard is the third daughter of Miles Fitzalan-Howard, 17th Duke of Norfolk and Anne Fitzalan-Howard, Duchess of Norfolk. She was educated at the Convent of the Sacred Heart in Woldingham, Surrey. She is divorced from the English actor Patrick Ryecart, by whom she has three children, and in June 2007 married her second husband Nick George. She was a sister-in-law of Sir David Frost, his widow being her elder sister, Lady Carina Fitzalan-Howard. Her brother is the current Duke of Norfolk and Premier Peer of England; another sister is married to the 5th Earl of Balfour. Among other relatives, a niece Lady Kinvara Balfour is an English playwright. She trained at the Webber Douglas Academy. Fitzalan had a varied career in television and film, her outstanding performance being Sarah B'Stard in the television comedy satire "The New Statesman". Other television roles included appearances in "Upstairs, Downstairs", "Shelley", "The Professionals", "", "Murder Most Horrid" and "Poirot: Evil Under the Sun. In 2014 she stood in for the Queen during rehearsals of the State Opening of Parliament. </doc> <doc id="2336774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336774" title="OutWords"> OutWords OutWords was a Canadian magazine, published in Winnipeg, Manitoba for the city's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender communities. Launched in November 1994 as Swerve by a collective that included Carol Philipps, Stephen Lawson, Ian King, David McGunigal and Noreen Stevens, it published as funds were available until finally achieving a monthly circulation two years later. The name "Swerve" was chosen as a portmanteau of swish and nerve. A tabloid newsmagazine, it was distributed free of charge mostly in Winnipeg, with several points outside of Manitoba and in the northern United States. "Swerve" incorporated as a non-profit organization in June 2000, adopting a set of bylaws and electing a board of directors. The day-to-day operations are overseen by an editorial team who are paid a small honorarium for their work. The former executive director of Canada's national LGBT lobby group Egale, Gilles Marchildon, worked at "Swerve" for over four years and served as editor for three years. In 2005, the magazine became involved in a trademark dispute, when the "Calgary Herald" co-opted the name "Swerve" for a weekly entertainment supplement. Shortly after, the magazine was transformed from a tabloid into a book format under the guidance of its editor since 2001, Richard F.J. Wood. It also revised its mission statement and its tagline, which changed from "Winnipeg's monthly queer newsmagazine" to "One Community > Diverse Lives." Wood left as editor in April 2006. The trade-mark dispute was settled in August 2006. In January 2007, the magazine re-launched under the name "OutWords" with the tagline "Getting the word out since 1994." In May 2016 the final print edition of "OutWords" was published and it went on digital-only. As of 2018, it appears to be defunct. </doc> <doc id="2336777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336777" title="Henry Jackson Society"> Henry Jackson Society The Henry Jackson Society is a neoconservative British foreign policy think tank. It has been described as right-wing, but positions itself as cross-partisan, with support from some left-leaning politicians. The former think tank Centre for Social Cohesion has been a part of HJS since 2011. It is named after the American politician Henry M. Jackson, the late Democratic Senator, civil rights advocate, and anticommunist liberal hawk. The society was founded on 11 March 2005 by academics and students at Cambridge, including Brendan Simms, Alan Mendoza, Gideon Mailer, James Rogers and Matthew Jamison. It organizes meetings with speakers in the House of Commons. The society claims that it advocates an interventionist foreign-policy that promotes human rights and reduces suffering, by both non-military and military methods, when appropriate. In 2006, the society worked to raise the profile of the Ahwazi Arabs of Iran, who it claims are currently being oppressed by the Iranian government. After originating within the University of Cambridge, the organisation is now based in London. In April 2011 the entire staff of another London think-tank, the Centre for Social Cohesion (which has since been dissolved), joined the Henry Jackson Society. The organization is a registered charity in England and Wales and earns financial backing from private donations and grant-making organisations which support its work. The income of the society increased significantly from 2009 to 2014, from £98,000 to £1.6 million per year. In 2017 Hannah Stuart, one of the society's Research Fellows, released "Islamist Terrorism: Analysis of Offences and Attacks in the UK (1998–2015)", which profiled every individual convicted under terrorism legislation in the UK between those dates with an Islamist connection. Statement of its principles, according to the Henry Jackson Society itself: The society's statement of principles have been changed from those first signed by supporters in Cambridge on 11 March 2005, to de-emphasise military methods and to more recognise the legitimacy of international organisations. The original versions were: The Society has produced a breadth of research reports and papers. These have mostly focused on Islamist extremist activity in the UK, crackdowns on human rights and democracy elsewhere, and various facets of foreign policy and defence. Its current workstreams include: In September 2018, the Society announced the creation of a new Centre for Social and Political Risk. This Centre will "identify, diagnose and propose solutions to threats to governance in liberal Western democracies", focusing on social cohesion and integration; freedom of speech and political correctness; demographic change; and other issues. The think tank has been described by the media as having right-wing and neoconservative leanings, though it positions itself as non-partisan. In 2014, Nafeez Ahmed, an executive director of the Institute for Policy Research & Development, said that the Henry Jackson Society courts corporate, political power to advance a distinctly illiberal oil and gas agenda in the Middle East. In 2009 the society became the secretariat of two all-party parliamentary groups (APPGs), for Transatlantic and International Security, chaired by Gisela Stuart, and for Homeland Security, chaired by Bernard Jenkin. A transparency requirement upon non-profit organisations acting as secretariat at that time was that they must reveal, on request, any corporate donors who gave £5,000 or more to the organisation over the past year or cease acting as a secretariat organisation. In 2014, following a query, the society refused to disclose this information and resigned its position as secretariat of the APPGs concerned in order to comply with the Rules. The Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, Kathryn Hudson, upheld a complaint against these APPGs on the grounds data had not been provided, but noted the society had already resigned its position and that the consequence of this non-provision therefore "appears to have taken effect" as the Rules intended. The case was therefore closed with no further action taken and the APPGs themselves dissolved with the dissolution of Parliament in March 2015. The APPG Rules were subsequently changed in March 2015 so that only those non-profit organisations providing services to APPGs of more than £12,500 in value needed to declare their corporate donors. In July 2014 the Henry Jackson Society got sued by Lady de Rothschild over funds of a "caring capitalism" summit. Lady de Rothschild claims that she has financed the summit and that HJS, and its executive director Alan Mendoza are holding £137,000 of “surplus funds” from the conference that should be returned to the couple’s investment company EL Rothschild. Think tank discussions on the Middle East and Islam have led some media organisations to criticise a perceived anti-Muslim agenda. Marko Attila Hoare, a former senior member, cited related reasons for leaving the think tank and Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy was urged, in 2015, to sever his links with the society. According to the report published in 2015, "a right-wing politics is apparent not only in the ideas that the Henry Jackson Society promotes, but also emerges distinctly on examination of its funders.". In 2017, the Henry Jackson Society was accused of running an anti-China propaganda campaign after the Japanese embassy gave them a monthly fee of 10,000 pounds. The campaign was said to be aimed at planting Japan's concerns about China in British newspapers. The initial signatories of the statement of principles included: International patrons included Richard Perle, William Kristol, former CIA Director R. James Woolsey Jr., and former President of Lithuania Vytautas Landsbergis. </doc> <doc id="2336787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336787" title="Education in London"> Education in London London is a leading global educational centre, having one of the largest populations of overseas students of any city in the world. London has the largest student population of any British city, although not the highest per capita. Universities in London may be divided into two groups: First, the federal University of London, which, with over 120,000 students, is the largest contact teaching university in the United Kingdom (smaller only than the distance-education Open University) and one of the largest Universities in Europe. It comprises 19 colleges and 12 institutes, as well as a distance-learning External System. Constituent colleges have a high degree of autonomy, controlling their own admissions and degree programmes, and are effectively universities in their own right. The largest and most well-known University of London colleges include (in order of student population size) King's College London, University College London, Birkbeck, Queen Mary, the London School of Economics and Political Science, Royal Holloway, Goldsmiths, and the Institute of Education. Smaller schools and institutes (with fewer than 5,000 students) include the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), the London Business School, the School of Pharmacy, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, St. George's Hospital Medical School and Central School of Speech and Drama. Traditionally all of the University of London institutions awarded degrees from the University of London itself, and not from the individual college or institution, but this changed in 2007/2008 when King's College London, the London School of Economics, University College London and the Institute of Education remained within the University of London system, but began awarding their own degrees. Imperial College London was a part of the University of London until 2007, but is now a separate institution. Secondly, there are other universities not part of the University of London, most of which were polytechnics until UK polytechnics were granted university status by a 1992 Act of Parliament. Among these are the University of Westminster, London South Bank University, University of Greenwich, City University, London, Middlesex University, London Metropolitan University, Brunel University, University of West London, the University of East London, and various other higher education institutions. Imperial College London, King's College London, LSE and UCL are leading centres of research and stand alongside MIT, Berkeley, Princeton, Yale and other US universities in terms of international reputation. Most of the leading British learned societies are based in London. The Royal Institution is a historic and important repository and proponent of the acquisition of scientific knowledge through research and study. There are also a number of firms and colleges in London which provide education and consultation leading to degrees validated by universities, but which are not actual universities themselves. Some of these colleges are private institutions very similar to actual universities, such as European Business School, London School of Business and Management and Regents University. London also has many further education colleges funded by the Learning and Skills Council. Traditionally these were clearly separated from the higher education system, and offered vocational education below university level, but this distinction is breaking down and many further education colleges now offer university level courses validated by a local university and prepare students for university entrance, as well as providing vocational courses. London is Britain's leading centre for arts education. London's four music conservatories are the Royal College of Music, the Royal Academy of Music, Trinity College of Music, and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. Other drama schools include Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts ("RADA"), and the Central School of Speech and Drama. Art & Design schools include Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, Chelsea College of Art and Design, Camberwell College of Arts, Wimbledon School of Art and London College of Communication and London College of Fashion (all part of the University of the Arts London), and Goldsmiths College, University of London and the Slade School of Art (both part of the University of London), and The Design School (part of Kingston University ) and the Royal College of Art. The former Hornsey College of Art is now part of Middlesex University. The University of East London has an Institute for Performing Arts Development – IPAD. London is an important centre of medical education. The city's medical schools are attached to the leading hospitals and some of them are several centuries old. The number of schools has been reduced to five by a recent series of mergers: London is known as a city that is diverse, populated by peoples and cultures from many other parts of the globe. Many London schools require the teaching of foreign language. Public schools in Greater London include Harrow, City of London School, University College School, Westminster, Highgate School, Merchant Taylors' School and St Paul's School. International schools include The American School in London, German School London, the Japanese School in London, and the "Lycée Français Charles de Gaulle" (French school). The London Japanese school, in addition to its day school, also has a weekend programme serving students in the Japanese community in the United Kingdom who attend British and international schools. The low quality of the dormitories offered by schools themselves, the shortage of student housing, and the relatively good economic resources of the international students who attend schools in London offered an economic opportunity to firms such as Unite Students which have built thousands of units of student housing in London. UK Dissertation & Essay Writers Best Dissertation Writer in UK </doc> <doc id="2336789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336789" title="Leatitia Robinson"> Leatitia Robinson Leatitia "Baby Girl" Robinson (born September 30, 1980) is the former WIBA Middleweight Champion of the World in women's boxing. Robinson was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1980. She began boxing at age 14 to survive in Cabrini–Green public housing projects. She was involved with numerous street fights growing up, and would often beat up large men in these encounters. Robinson won her first Golden Gloves competition in 1995. She repeated the performance in 1996, 1997 and 1998, also winning the 1996 Citywide Tournament in Chicago. On May 31, 1998 in the 156-lb final of the USA Boxing/Everlast National Senior Championships in Anaheim, California, Robinson lost to Evelyn Rodriquez of New York by a 10-2 score. This would be Robinson's only defeat as an amateur boxer. On April 15, 2000 in the 165-lb final of the USA Boxing/Everlast National Championships in Midland, Texas, Robinson stopped her opponent at 0:51 in the opening round. On May 7, 2000 in the 75-kg final of the prestigious Feenix Box Cup international tournament in Turku, Finland, Robinson defeated Canadian champion Jennyfer Grenon by a 5-4 margin. On August 12, 2000 in the 165-lb Open Division Final of the 2000 US National/International Golden Gloves in Augusta, Georgia, Robinson won by a 5-0 decision over Angela Josipovic of Toronto, Canada. Robinson's amateur boxing career ended with a 37-1 record. She made her pro debut on March 23, 2001 in Rosemont, Illinois, winning by a first-round TKO over Aicheria Bell in a scheduled 4 rounder. Bell's pro record fell to 1-4. On December 14, 2002 in Dorchester, Massachusetts, in a battle of former US amateur champions, Robinson TKO'd Dakota Stone in the sixth round to win the vacant IWBF Middleweight title. On February 28, 2004 at Veterans Memorial Field House in Huntington, West Virginia, in a battle between two undefeated and top-ranked fighters, Robinson won the WIBA Middleweight title with a ten-round unanimous (98-92 97-94 99-91) decision over Nikki Eplion. Former Toughwoman champion Eplion was the favorite of the crowd, estimated at 1,000, and had predicted a third-round KO at the weigh-in. But the ring skills that Robinson had honed in her 37-1 amateur career were too much for Eplion as Robinson constantly beat her to the punch. On September 24, 2004 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia, Robinson won the IBA Continental Light Heavyweight title with a ten-round unanimous decision over Valerie Mahfood. Robinson outboxed Mahfood while punishing her with fast jabs and right hands. Robinson punctuated this performance by knocking down Mahfood in the 10th round. On February 11, 2005 at the Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia, Robinson knocked out Mónica Núñez with only the second punch she threw in the fight, to earn an easy 36-second win and successfully defend her WIBA Middleweight Title. <BR> </doc> <doc id="2336793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336793" title="Pool It!"> Pool It! Pool It! is the tenth studio album by The Monkees, issued by Rhino Records in 1987. It was the first Monkees studio album of new material since "Changes" in 1970 and the first Monkees album to feature Peter Tork since the 1968 "Head" soundtrack. While Micky Dolenz, Davy Jones and Peter Tork had reunited the previous year for a 20th anniversary tour, with Micky and Peter contributing vocals to three tracks for the 1986 compilation album "Then & Now... The Best of The Monkees", "Pool It!" served as the band's first proper "reunion album." Much like the group's early work, the writing of the album was largely handled by outside writers and the instrumentation by session musicians, with the Monkees themselves contributing lead vocals and Peter Tork providing guitar for his own song, "Gettin' In." Michael Nesmith chose not to participate in the album, although he had made a surprise appearance on stage with the band at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles on September 7, 1986. The album was not a particular commercial or critical success, only reaching No. 72 on the "Billboard" 200. Only one single from the album, "Heart and Soul," managed to make "Billboard"'s Hot 100 chart, peaking at No. 87. The follow-up single, a remixed version of "Every Step of the Way," failed to chart. The book "The Monkees Tale" by Eric Lefcowitz claims "Pool It!" and its two singles were recorded by "Dolenz, Tork & Jones," as opposed to "The Monkees." However, the billing on the LP itself is attributed to "Peter, Micky, Davy — The Monkees." A deluxe CD/DVD version of this album was released on April 24, 2012, by Friday Music. Along with the original tracks, this version included Peter Tork's "MGBGT" (the live B-side to the "Heart and Soul" single) and the remixed single version of "Every Step of the Way" as bonus tracks. The DVD includes the contents of the 1988 video cassette "Heart & Soul: The Official Monkee Videography", featuring videos for "Heart and Soul," "Every Step of the Way" and "Don't Bring Me Down," along with interviews and more. The album cover was featured in Pitchfork Media's list of "The Worst Record Covers of All Time." Two promotional music videos were produced for "Pool It!": The first video was for "Heart and Soul," filmed in Los Angeles on July 5 and 6, 1987. The video, which stylistically borrows heavily from The Monkees' TV series, begins in an ice factory in 1967 with the song "Last Train to Clarksville" playing in the background. Inside the ice factory, Davy, Micky and Peter are found frozen in blocks of ice and wearing their outfits from the Monkees television show. The video fast-forwards to 1987 where the three Monkees are thawed and learn how much has changed since the late 1960s. They decide to produce a music video in an effort to land a job and, after some comic mishaps, the video producers hand the Monkees what they claim is their video. When their prospective employer sees the video, it turns out to be taped over with a cooking show, which impresses the employer who then hires the band to work in a kitchen. The video for "Heart & Soul" was banned from airplay on MTV, due to a dispute over the Monkees bowing out of an MTV Super Bowl special, although it received rotation on other cable outlets, including Nickelodeon. The second video was for "Every Step of the Way," filmed in Los Angeles on October 9, 1987. In this video, Davy, Micky and Peter are dressed in leather gang outfits and, as the song's lyrics suggest, "hang out in [an] alley way," as an unspecified woman, the apparent object of Davy's affections, wanders in and out of the alley. Meanwhile, Micky mimes a performance on drums with trash cans, Peter mimes guitar with a broom and Davy sings into a carrot and later mimes a saxophone solo into a lead pipe. The video is also interspersed with footage of the Monkees' 1987 concert tour and concludes with on-screen dialogue detailing the ultimate fates of the girl and the three Monkees. "Every Step of the Way" debuted on Nickelodeon's "Nick Rocks" on November 6, 1987. </doc> <doc id="2336817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336817" title="Earl Wallace Urquhart"> Earl Wallace Urquhart Earl Wallace Urquhart (22 February 1921 – 17 August 1971) was a Canadian lawyer and Senator. Born in West Bay, Nova Scotia, he was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for Richmond in a 1949 by-election held after Lauchlin Daniel Currie was named to the bench. He served as a member of the assembly from 1949 to 1963. From 1960 to 1962, he was the House Leader. He was Leader of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party from 1962 to 1965. Urquhart served in the Canadian Infantry Corps and the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II. He was summoned to the Senate on 24 February 1966 on the recommendation of Lester B. Pearson. A Liberal, he represented the senatorial division of Inverness-Richmond in the province of Nova Scotia until his death at the age of 50. </doc> <doc id="2336822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336822" title="Rain-in-the-Face"> Rain-in-the-Face Rain-in-the-Face (Lakota: Ité Omáǧažu in Standard Lakota Orthography) (c. 1835 – September 15, 1905) was a warchief of the Lakota tribe of Native Americans. His mother was a Dakota related to the band of famous Chief Inkpaduta. He was among the Indian leaders who defeated George Armstrong Custer and the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment at the 1876 Battle of Little Big Horn. Born in the Dakota Territory near the forks of the Cheyenne River about 1835, Rain-in-the-Face was from the Hunkpapa band within the Lakota nation. His name may have been a result of a fight when he was a boy in which his face was splattered like rain with his Cheyenne adversary's blood. Late in his life, the chief related that the name was reinforced by an incident when he was a young man where he was in a battle in a heavy rainstorm with a band of Gros Ventres. At the end of the lengthy combat, his face was streaked with war paint. He first fought against the whites in the summer of 1866 when he participated in a raid against Fort Totten in what is now North Dakota. In 1868, he again fought the U.S. Army in the Fetterman massacre near Fort Phil Kearny in present-day Wyoming. He again was on the warpath in 1873 when he took part in the Battle of Honsinger Bluff where he ambushed and killed an army veterinarian Dr. John Honsinger, an army Private and another civilian near present-day Miles City, Montana. He returned to the Standing Rock Reservation, but was arrested by Captain Thomas Custer in 1874 on orders of General George A. Custer for the murder of Honsinger. He was taken to Fort Abraham Lincoln and incarcerated. However, he escaped (or was freed by sympathetic Indian policemen) and returned to the reservation, then fled to the Powder River. In the spring of 1876, he joined Sitting Bull's band and traveled with him to the Little Big Horn River in early June. During the subsequent fighting at the Battle of Little Big Horn on Custer Hill on June 25, 1876, Rain-in-the-Face is alleged to have cut the heart out of Thomas Custer, a feat that was popularized by American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow in "The Revenge of Rain in the Face". According to the dubious legend, Rain-in-the-Face was fulfilling a vow of vengeance because he thought Captain Thomas Custer had unjustly imprisoned him in 1874. Some contemporary accounts also claimed that the war chief had personally dispatched George Custer as well, but in the confused fighting, a number of similar claims have been attributed to other warriors. Late in his life, in a conversation with writer Charles Eastman, Rain-in-the-Face denied killing George Custer or mutilating Tom Custer. Rain-in-the-Face joined other Hunkpapa as they fled north into Canada, spending the next several years in exile. He finally led his band in to surrender in 1880 and was transferred to the Standing Rock Agency the following year. In a census of the Lakota taken at Standing Rock in September 1881, Rain in the Face's band is recorded as numbering 39 families or 180 people. Rain-in-the-Face died in his home at the Bullhead Station on the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota after a lengthy illness. On his deathbed he reputedly confessed to a missionary that he thought that he might have killed Custer, shooting him from so close as to leave powder marks upon his face. </doc> <doc id="2336824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336824" title="Hemicucurbituril"> Hemicucurbituril A hemicucurbituril is a macrocycle composed of alternating methylene bridges (-- units) and N-substituted ethylene urea units. Hemicucurbit[6]uril is a hexamer. This compound closely resembles cucurbituril cut in half along the equator and the chemistry is also similar. The ethylene urea units also alternate with the carbonyl groups assuming alternating up and down positions. For this reason this compound contrary to cucurbituril is unable to form inclusion compounds with metal ions. The compound is formed by reaction of ethylene urea with a 37% solution of formalin and hydrochloric acid in a sequence of Mannich reactions . The success of the reaction critically depends on the acid concentration, which is why the discovery of the compound took until 2004. A crystalline product settles out of the solution which is the inclusion compound of Hemicucurbituril with water or HCl. These guests can be driven out by application of elevated temperature and a vacuum. With tweaking of the reaction conditions the hemicucurbit[12]uril (n = 6) is also obtained. </doc> <doc id="2336825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336825" title="Fred Hoiberg"> Fred Hoiberg Fredrick Kristian Hoiberg (born October 15, 1972) is an American professional basketball coach and former player. He currently serves as the head coach for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Previously, Hoiberg was the men's basketball head coach for Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa and a player for the Chicago Bulls of the NBA. Hoiberg grew up in Ames, Iowa, and played college basketball at Iowa State. He then played professional basketball for ten years and served as vice president for basketball operations for the Minnesota Timberwolves before beginning his coaching career. Hoiberg, a multi-talented athlete, was the quarterback of the football team and the captain of the basketball team at Ames High School in Ames, Iowa. He led his basketball team to a state championship in 1991, and was honored as the State of Iowa's "Mr. Basketball" that year. He chose to play basketball for his hometown Iowa State Cyclones, then of the Big Eight Conference, over many other offers. He played three seasons for coach Johnny Orr and one season for Tim Floyd. Hoiberg was a First-Team All-Big Eight selection in 1995. Arguably the most popular player in the history of Iowa State basketball, Hoiberg's name is found among the top seven positions for nearly every statistical category, and his number 32 has been retired by Iowa State. In college, he was known as an all-around player, capable of making clutch shots in important situations. While at Iowa State, Hoiberg joined Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. Hoiberg obtained the nickname "The Mayor" after receiving several write-in votes during the 1993 Ames, Iowa mayoral race. The National Federation of State High School Associations announced in 2012 that Hoiberg was elected to the National High School Hall of Fame. Source: Cyclones.com and Sports-Reference.com At 6 ft 4 in. (193 cm) and 210 lbs. (95 kg), Hoiberg played shooting guard. He was selected 52nd overall by the Indiana Pacers in the 1995 NBA draft. In 1999, after four years with the Pacers, he signed as a free agent with the Chicago Bulls, at that time coached by Floyd, where he remained for four years. On July 28, 2003, Hoiberg signed as a free agent to play for the Timberwolves, where he received greater acclaim as a three-point specialist. In 2005, Hoiberg became the first player in NBA history to lead the league in three-point shooting percentage and not be invited to the three-point shooting competition in that season's All-Star event. Source: Basketball-Reference.com Hoiberg underwent surgery in June 2005 to correct an enlarged aortic root (aneurysm of sinus of valsalva). The operation was successful, but after a brief comeback attempt as a player, on April 17, 2006, Hoiberg announced his retirement from basketball to take a job in the Timberwolves front office. On April 27, 2010, Iowa State University announced that Hoiberg would take over as head basketball coach, replacing Greg McDermott, who left ISU to take the head coaching position at Creighton. In taking over the reins at ISU, Hoiberg became the school's 19th men's basketball coach. He won his first game, an unofficial exhibition, over Dubuque on November 5, 2010, 100–50. Hoiberg won his first official game against Northern Arizona, 78–64, on November 12, 2010, while his first Big 12 victory came against Baylor, 72–57, on January 15, 2011, in Hilton Coliseum. In 2011–12, Hoiberg led the Cyclones to a 23–11 record and the program’s first NCAA Basketball Tournament appearance since 2005. The season also included the team’s first ranking in the AP Top 25 poll since 2005. Hoiberg was declared 2012 Big 12 Co-Coach of the Year after winning nine more games during the 2012 conference season than in 2011, the largest season-to-season improvement in Big 12 history. In April 2013, Hoiberg signed a 10-year contract extension with Iowa State worth $20 million. Hoiberg's contract had a $2 million buyout clause if he left for another college coaching position, but the buyout was only $500,000 if he left to become an NBA head coach or general manager. Hoiberg became the fastest coach in Iowa State history to notch 100 wins (in 148 games) on December 31, 2014, when Iowa State defeated Mississippi Valley State in Hilton Coliseum. On June 2, 2015, the Chicago Bulls hired Hoiberg as head coach under a 5-year contract worth $25 million. In his rookie season as head coach, the Bulls missed the playoffs for the first time in eight years, failing to meet preseason expectations. In his second season, the Bulls lost in the first round of the playoffs to the Boston Celtics after taking a 2–0 lead, and were again perceived as underachieving. In March 2017, ESPN ranked Hoiberg as the worst head coach in the league. ! align="center" colspan="2"|Career ! 246||110||136|||| |||6||2||4|||| Hoiberg is the son of an Iowa State sociology professor (father) and elementary school teacher (mother), and received a degree in finance from ISU in 1995. When growing up in Ames, he lived within walking distance of ISU's basketball arena, Hilton Coliseum. He and his wife Carol, also from Ames, have four children (Paige, Jack, and twins Sam and Charlie). As of 2015, both his and his wife's parents still reside in Ames. On April 17, 2015, Hoiberg underwent a successful replacement of his aortic valve at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. </doc> <doc id="2336828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336828" title="Steven Dean Moore"> Steven Dean Moore Steven Dean Moore is an American animation director. His credits include 65 episodes of the television series "The Simpsons", as well as several episodes of the series "Rugrats". Moore was also one of four sequence directors on "The Simpsons Movie". </doc> <doc id="2336830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336830" title="Spangdahlem Air Base"> Spangdahlem Air Base Spangdahlem Air Base (IATA: SPM, ICAO: ETAD, former code EDAD) is a NATO air base with USAF tenant constructed between 1951 and 1953 and located near the small German town of Spangdahlem, approximately 30 km NNE of the city of Trier, Rhineland-Palatinate. Spangdahlem is home of the 52d Fighter Wing, which maintains, deploys and employs Lockheed Martin Block 50 F-16CM/DM. In total, 4,800 military personnel, 840 German nationals and 200 US contractors are working at the base. Group consists of three squadrons: Group consists of civil engineer, communications, contracting, logistics readiness, security forces and force support squadrons: Consists of aerospace medicine, dental, medical operations and medical support squadrons: Provides four fully capable U.S. munitions support squadrons responsible for the ownership, custody, accountability and release of war reserve munitions supporting Belgian, Dutch, German and Italian air forces: The wing supports the Supreme Allied Commander Europe with mission-ready personnel and systems providing expeditionary air power. The wing also supports contingencies and operations other than war. In addition, Air Mobility Command supports cargo and passenger traffic as part of its airlift mission. With the closure of the Rhein-Main Air Base in 2005, the Rhein-Main Transition Program was initiated to transfer all its former transport capacities to Ramstein Air Base (70%) and Spangdahlem AB (30%). The Air Mobility Command 726th Air Mobility Squadron at Spangdahlem supports cargo and passenger traffic as part of its airlift mission, providing command and control, maintenance and aerial port capability to all AMC aircraft transiting their ramp. The 726th AMS utilizes various aircraft maintenance equipment, de-icers, mission vehicles and aircraft loaders. The squadron is capable of handling every type of aircraft in the AMC inventory, from C-17s and C-5s to KC-10s and KC-135s. In November 2005, the first C-17 Globemaster III aircraft arrived at Spangdahlem. After fighting off aggression and winning the Second World War, the Western Allies (FRA, U.S., UK) occupied western Germany under the terms of the Potsdam agreement. With the creation of NATO in response to Cold War tensions in Europe, USAFE wanted its vulnerable fighter units in West Germany moved west of the Rhein River to provide greater air defense warning time. France agreed to air base sites within its zone of occupation in the Rheinland-Palatinate. Spangdahlem base was constructed between 1951 and 1953 at a cost of roughly $27,000,000 using French and German contractors, working under the supervision of a French government agency. The initial USAF military presence began on 1 September 1952 with the arrival of the 7352d Air Base Squadron on 1 September 1952 from Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base near Munich. The mission of the 7532d ABS was to prepare the facility for an operational wing. On 10 May 1953 the 10th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing was reassigned to Spangdahlem AB from Toul-Rosieres Air Base, France. The base population at this time totaled slightly more than 1,900 personnel. Operational squadrons of the 10th TRW were: Upon its arrival at Spangdahlem AB, the 10 TRW operated Lockheed RF-80A Shooting Star for daylight aerial recon and the Douglas RB-26C Invader for night recon missions. The RB-26s were replaced in October 1954 by Martin RB-57A Canberras and the RF-80s in July 1955 by Republic Aviation RF-84F Thunderjets. In 1957 the RB-57s and RF-84s were transferred to Chateauroux-Deols Air Depot and the 1st and 38th were re-equipped with the Douglas RB-66 Destroyer. Three additional squadrons, the 19th and 30th (8 January 1958) and 42d Tactical Reconnaissance (8 December 1957) were assigned to the 10th TRW from the 66th TRW,(Sembach AB), flying variants of the RB-66. The 19th TRS operated from RAF Sculthorpe united Kingdom during 1958, moving to Spangdahlem in 1959. The 42nd TRS flew from RAF Chelveston and remained there as a detachment of the 10th TRW. On 25 August 1959, the 10th TRW ended its six-year stay at Spangdahlem and moved to RAF Alconbury, United Kingdom. On 25 August 1959, the 49th Tactical Fighter Wing moved to Spangdahlem AB from the Etain-Rouvres Air Base, France, and assumed host unit duties. In 1957, the French Government decreed that all nuclear weapons and delivery aircraft had to be removed from French soil. As a result, the nuclear-capable North American F-100C/D Super Sabres of the 49th TFW had to be removed from France. Squadrons of the 49th TFW at Spangdahlem were (squadron tail colour stripe): The 49th TFW flew F-100s until 1961 when it converted to the Republic F-105D/F Thunderchief, commonly known as the "Thud". The 49th TFW was only the third USAF unit to operate the F-105. The 49th received two Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards for F-105 operations at Spangdahlem. On 9 March 1967, the Wing began receiving the McDonnell Douglas F-4D Phantom II. The 49 TFW remained at Spangdahlem AB until 1 July 1968 when it relocated to Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, to serve as the US Air Force’s first dual-based, NATO-committed wing. The 38 TRS was never equipped with RB-66B models. When the 10 TRW re-equipped with the RB-66 the 38 TRS and the 32 TRS moved away from Spangdahlem (to France I believe) and re-equipped with RF-101s. The 1, 19, 30, and the 42 TRS remained at Spangdahlem until their move to the UK. The 1, 19, and 30 TRS flew the RB-66B and the 42 TRS flew the RB-66C and WB-66D. This movement of squadrons came about due to the introduction of the AFM 66-1 combined maintenance concept. It was decided to keep aircraft of one general type in the same units for maintenance and supply considerations. Fighter units got the RF-101 and bomber units got the RB-66 and these units combined accordingly. With the departure of the 49 TFW, the 7149th Air Base Group was activated to serve as a caretaker unit for a number of support organizations that remained behind after the departure of the 49 TFW. Although it did not have any assigned aircraft, the 7149 TFW would have served as a nucleus on which to build if the 49 TFW had been ordered to return to Europe to bolster NATO air forces. As part of "REFORGER" (return of forces to Germany) US Army, USAF units returned as "Crested Cap" including the entire 49th TFS in early 1969 and in 1970 and 1971 from Holloman AFB, NM. After 1969 the two 36th TFW assigned squadrons, 23rd TFS in F-4Cs and 39th TEWS in EB-66E and 2 EB-66C's were back in the runway alert facility, previously used by 49 TFW F-105s and F-4s, reactivated in Dec 1969. 23rd TFS simply moved to next Eifel Mtn hill top into old 49th TFW squadron buildings and 39th TEWS began assembling in April with aircraft from 4417th CCTS and personnel from both Shaw AFB, SC and returning SEA EB-66 combat crewmembers many of whom the 363rd TRW Combat Crew Instructors had themselves trained the previous few years. In January 1969, the 36th Tactical Fighter Wing, located at nearby Bitburg Air Base, assumed operational control of Spangdahlem, and became a dual-based wing. Squadrons from the 36 TFW assigned to Spangdahlem were: The 23 TFS carried out tactical fighter training missions, while the 39 TEWS was a newly formed squadron to conduct electronic warfare missions and train ground radar site crews all around NATO in electronic warfare based on SEA strike force experience needed to protect the fleet against SAM, AAA and fighter aircraft based in the East Iron Curtain Soviet Block nations. Spangdahlem retained status of a Nuclear Strike base and also housed USAFE Eifel Control in the Base Operations Tower. Orders for 39th TEWS personnel originally were to Bitburg AB but shortly prior it was realized the additional 2,000 feet of runway on the larger inactive hilltop at Spang was a great benefit to the older EB-66 which had gained weight on modifications at Tulsa Plant where heavier cables for greatly increased jamming capability from RB-66B to EB-66E were added without removing the earlier in hard to get to areas. Near same time, plans to modify the early turbo jet engines to modern high bypass design were not considered with plans to retire the 50's design in very few years and end of SEA needs. Modern miniature electronics were to allow the strike aircraft to carry their own modular ECM components in a great 30 minute rush to the border and roll back of enemy forces. This was envisioned as "Plugging the Fulda Gap" with WW 2-style massed armored Soviet forces. On 31 December 1971 the 52d Tactical Fighter Wing was transferred without personnel or equipment from Suffolk County AFB, New York to Spangdahlem. The unit had been a sort of personal National Guard wing for top World War II P-47 ace Frank Grabeski. Inactivated then reactivated as a new USAFE wing, the new Wing Commander was to be the first black USAFE Wing CO Col Thomas E Clifford who had been 35th TFW DCO at Da Nang AB Viet Nam. The old 49th Wing HQ mostly vacant while 7149th inactive era was assigned a few personnel to begin the transition in October 1971. Recent promoted Col John J (Jack), Gaudion, former 23 TFS Sqdn CO became Base Commander designate and Captain Don I Phillips a 39th TEWS Navigator/Bombardier stepped in as additional duty Public Information Officer and initial Wing Historian to record events and prepare Col Clifford's Dec Arrival. A few PIO personnel from Bitburg were assigned to the Information office from 36th TFW Information Office. Upon activation in Germany, the 52 TFW assumed control of the two squadrons the 36 TFW had located at Spangdahlem: During warm seasons in 1970 and 1971 operations shifted back to Bitburg while the runway was resurfaced at Spang. During this period the hardened NATO "Tab-V" shelters were constructed at both bases while operations around them continued. EB-66s were too large and remained parked around the ramp at the large hangar. End of runway alert aircraft F4s and EB-66's were under shelter for weather protection only. "V" or Victor Alert denoted nuclear forces from the British bombers Victor and Vulcan beginning with that letter. "E" Alert was for ECM. The 39 TEWS was disbanded and personnel reassigned 1 January 1973. Aircraft were returned to Shaw then retired by 1975. In turn, it was replaced in the electronic warfare role by the 81st Tactical Fighter Squadron, flying the McDonnell Douglas EF-4C Phantom II, being transferred to Spangdahlem from Zweibrücken Air Base, Germany under project "Creek Action" on 15 January 1973. The 4th TFW had Two short-term deployments (F-4E) for European contingency support in July and September 1975 The 52 TFW gained its third fighter squadron with the activation of the 480th Tactical Fighter Squadron on 15 November 1976. On 1 January 1977, the 52 TFW had the following operational squadrons: In 1979, the more capable Wild Weasel F-4G had replaced the EF-4Cs of the 81 TFS, and in 1980 through 1982, F-4Es replaced the F-4Ds of the 23d and 480th TFSs. A complete reorganization of wing aircraft and aircrews occurred in November 1983, transforming the 52d TFW into the first and only all-defense suppression wing outside of the United States. Under this configuration, each of the wing’s three fighter squadrons flew E and G model F-4s paired together into Wild Weasel "hunter/killer" teams capable of locating and destroying enemy radar-guided, surface-to-air threats in all weather. In April 1987, the 52d began changing with the times and replaced its aging Phantoms with Block 30/32 F-16C/D Fighting Falcons for the 23d and 480th TFSs. These were later replaced with Block 50 versions beginning in 1993. The last USAF operational model F-4E Phantom II aircraft departed Spangdahlem AB in December 1987. In late 1990, the 81st TFS reorganized to exclusively fly the F-4G, then deployed 24 aircraft to Sheikh Isa Air Base, Bahrain for Operation Desert Storm combat operations. 52d Fighter Wing On 1 October 1991, the 52 TFW was redesignated the 52d Fighter Wing as part of a sweeping, Air Force-wide restructure. The 510th Fighter Squadron was moved to Spangdahlem with the closure of RAF Bentwaters United Kingdom on 4 January 1993 as the lone A-10 Thunderbolt II squadron in USAFE. Also in early 1993, the 81st FS was reorganized to fly a mixture of F-4Gs and Block 30 F-16C/Ds. The F-4Gs were withdrawn and sent to AMARC in February 1994. With the withdrawal of the Phantoms, the 510th Fighter Squadron was replaced by the 81st FS at Spangdahlem and was transferred to Ramstein Air Base to absorb the F-16 assets of the 512th FS there. In February 1994, the 53d Fighter Squadron relocated to Spangdahlem from Bitburg after its closure with F-15C/Ds. The 480 FS was also inactivated during October 1994, being replaced by the 22d Fighter Squadron from Bitburg. The 606th Air Control Squadron was also assigned to the 52d Fighter Wing but remained at Bitburg until September 1995 before moving to Spangdahlem. After the restructuring and the closure of Bitburg and transfer of 36 FW squadrons to Spangdahlem, the operational squadrons of the 52d Fighter Wing were: In May 1995 Major Grey Lowry was killed when his 53d Fighter Squadron F-15C crashed at Spangdahlem AFB. Investigation showed that during routine maintenance, mechanics had crossed and mis-connected the control rods. One of the mechanics, TSgt. Thomas Mueller, was charged with negligent homicide and took his own life during his military trial. The 52d made history in 1997 with its first-ever deployment to a former Warsaw Pact nation. In September the 52d participated in EAGLE’S TALON-97, the first bilateral exercise involving US and Polish Air Forces. Units from the 52d deployed under the air expeditionary force (AEF) doctrine and formed the 52d Air Expeditionary Wing, operating out of Powidz AB, Krzesiny AB, and Poznan, Poland. During the second quarter of FY 99, the 52nd witnessed the inactivation of the 53rd Fighter Squadron. The 53d had called Spangdahlem Air Base home since February 1994 when the squadron moved from Bitburg Air Base. As the squadron prepared for its inactivation in March 1999, all of the F-15s were transferred to the 1st Fighter Wing at Langley AFB, Virginia (USA), or to the 48th Fighter Wing at RAF Lakenheath, United Kingdom. In April 2010, the wing's strength was reduced by one third. 20 F-16Cs were flown to the 148th Fighter Wing, Minnesota Air National Guard and one F-16 was transferred to Edwards Air Force Base, California. All aircraft were from the 22nd Fighter Squadron. As a result of the drawdown of F-16s, the 22d and 23d Fighter Squadrons were inactivated on 13 August 2010 and formed a single "new" squadron, the 480th Fighter Squadron. In February 2012, it was announced that the 81st Fighter Squadron would be inactivated in 2013, leaving the 52d Fighter Wing with just one squadron. On 8 January 2015 the U.S. Secretary of Defense announced the results of the European Infrastructure Consolidation (EIC) review, which will realign several missions in U.S. Air Forces in Europe and Air Forces Africa. Under the EIC, the Department of Defense will make changes to the mission at Spangdahlem Air Base, including the relocation of the 606th Air Control Squadron to Aviano Air Base, Italy, in order to free up requisite space and infrastructure for future inclusion of the 352d Special Operations Group from RAF Mildenhall, United Kingdom. RAF Mildenhall is scheduled to be closed in 2022. In February 2015, the 354th Fighter Squadron was deployed from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base to Spangdahlem in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve with twelve A-10Cs and approximately 300 airmen. The unit will train alongside NATO allies and deploy to locations in Eastern European NATO nations to further enhance interoperability. The A-10s were the first of several theater security package deployments to Europe, U.S. Air Force officials said, adding that rotations generally will last six months, depending on mission and United States European Command requirements. </doc> <doc id="2336837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336837" title="Tully Bevilaqua"> Tully Bevilaqua Tully Louise Bevilaqua (née Crook on 19 July 1972 in Merredin, Western Australia) is an Australian professional women's basketball player. She formerly played for the San Antonio Stars in the WNBA and the Perth Lynx in Australia's WNBL. The 5'7" Bevilaqua's play style is energetic and disruptive, so much so that she is usually in the top 10 in steals. In the 2005 regular season, she had more steals per turnover than any other player. Bevilaqua was never drafted by a WNBA team. She was signed by the Cleveland Rockers as a free agent before the 1998 season began, but played only 12 regular-season games for them before being waived by the team on July 1998. In 2000, she signed a free agent contract with the Portland Fire and played with them for three seasons until the franchise folded after the 2002 season. In 2003, she signed another contract with the Seattle Storm, and played two seasons for them, capping the 2004 season when the Storm won the WNBA Championship, defeating the Connecticut Sun, two games to one. In 2005, she signed with the Indiana Fever, and led them to a #2 seed in the playoffs, where they swept the New York Liberty in two games, but in turn were swept by the Connecticut Sun in the Eastern Conference Finals. Despite Bevilaqua's WNBA success, she failed to make the Australian national team until 2006 at the age of 34, when she helped lead the Opals to the gold medal in the 2006 FIBA World Championship for Women. On 27 August 2007, Bevilaqua played a key scoring, defensive, and leadership role in the greatest comeback in WNBA history when the Indiana Fever overcame a 22-point first half deficit to win the deciding game three of the Eastern Conference Semi-Finals against the Connecticut Sun. Later that week on 31 August 2007 Tully was awarded the Kim Perrot Sportsmanship Award from the WNBA. Bevilaqua is one of only four WNBA players to record at least 800 career assists and 500 career steals. One of the highlights of Bevilaqua's career was her participation on the 2004 Seattle Storm championship team. In the championship series, the Connecticut Sun won the first game of a three-game series. Then, before sold-out crowds at Seattle's KeyArena, Bevilaqua and the Storm won the second and third games to take the crown as champion. Bevilaqua's role in the series was backup point guard to Sue Bird and Betty Lennox, but she contributed in every phase of the game—scoring, rebounding, and playing the tenacious defense that has become her trademark on the Indiana Fever. Though listed as a backup guard, in the course of the Storm's 2004 championship run Bevilaqua played unusually long minutes. This was most evident in the second game against the Minnesota Lynx. Sue Bird was injured early in the game, and WNBA Finals MVP Betty Lennox quickly got into foul trouble. Storm coach Anne Donovan sent Bevilaqua in to run the offense, and she played 27 minutes to carry the team to victory. The Seattle crowd chanted her name repeatedly during the game. Bevilaqua played Australian rules football as a youth. Her hobbies include: karaoke singing, golfing, tennis, cricket, and reading Patricia Cornwell's novels. Bevilaqua's height is listed at 5'7" (about 170 cm) in the WNBA but only 164 cm (about 5'4.5") in the WNBL. Bevilaqua wrote a regular column in the Canberra Times on the progress of the Canberra Capitals during the 2006/07 WNBL season. Bevilaqua helped launch women specific Nfinity Basketball Shoes in 2009 </doc> <doc id="2336838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336838" title="Clarissa (disambiguation)"> Clarissa (disambiguation) Clarissa is a novel by Samuel Richardson. Clarissa can also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336839" title="Culture of London"> Culture of London The culture of London concerns the engineering, music, museums, festivals and other entertainment in London, the capital city of the United Kingdom. London is widely believed to be the culture capital of the world, although this title is disputed with a number of other cities internationally. The city is particularly renowned for its theatre quarter, and its West End theatre district has given the name to "West End theatre", the strand of mainstream professional theatre staged in the large theatres in London. London is also home to notable cultural attractions such as the British Museum, the Tate Galleries, the National Gallery, the Notting Hill Carnival and The O2. Through music, comedy and theatre, London has a lively nightlife with approximately 25.6 events per thousand people, 44.1% of those events being theatre based. A variety of landmarks and objects are cultural icons associated with London, such as Big Ben, Buckingham Palace and the tube map. Many other British cultural icons are strongly associated with London in the minds of visiting tourists, including the red telephone box, the AEC Routemaster bus, the black taxi and the Union Flag. The city is home to many nationalities and the diversity of cultures have shaped the city's culture over time. There are three major concert halls in the capital. One of these is the Barbican Hall at Barbican Centre; which is home to the London Symphony Orchestra (LSO) and BBC Symphony Orchestra. The Royal Festival Hall, based at the South Bank Centre along with the Queen Elizabeth Hall and the Hayward Gallery is home to the London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO), and the Philharmonia. The final and largest of all venues is the Royal Albert Hall, which hosts the Proms each summer. The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra (RPO) is also based in London at Cadogan Hall. There are also several chamber orchestras, some of which specialise in period instrument performances, including the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, and the Academy of St. Martin-in-the-Fields. Chamber music venues include the Purcell Room at the South Bank Centre; the Wigmore Hall and St John's, Smith Square. A number of have originated in London, varying in size and musical style. Among the city's large symphonic concert choirs are the London Philharmonic Choir and London Symphony Chorus, which have their origins as the choral sections of the LPO and the LSO, the London Chorus, London Voices and the Bach Choir. Smaller vocal groups in London include the Holst Singers and the choir of the English Concert. There is also a long tradition of choral singing in Christian churches and cathedrals, and among the choirs associated with London churches are the choirs of St Paul's Cathedral, Westminster Abbey and Westminster Cathedral, which sing daily services. The Royal Opera House at Covent Garden is home to the Royal Opera and Royal Ballet companies. The other main opera company is the English National Opera. In the summer opera is performed in a temporary pavilion by Opera Holland Park, and there are occasional performances by visiting opera companies and small freelance professional opera companies. London is famous for its rock scene, and was the starting point of some of the greatest 60s and 70s artists such as David Bowie, Iron Maiden, The Clash, Led Zeppelin, Fleetwood Mac, The Sex Pistols, The Who, Pink Floyd, Queen and popular 90s acts like Blur and Coldplay. Most major bands' tours will pass through London as well, favourite venues being the Brixton Academy, the O2 Arena, and the Hammersmith Apollo. In addition to spawning the bands mentioned above, London, in its capacity as the UK's cultural centre, has served as the base of a number of internationally important acts, including The Beatles and Elton John, as well as being instrumental in the birth of dance music. London is also known for spawning numerous massively successful pop acts; with the Spice Girls, Cliff Richard, The Rolling Stones, One Direction and Little Mix being especially noteworthy. London also has a thriving urban scene, mainly throughout the 21st century. Soul singers like Adele, Amy Winehouse and Lemar have found themselves chart, and international success. R&B singers such as the Sugababes, Leona Lewis, Taio Cruz, Jay Sean and Alexandra Burke are also extremely popular. London also has a strong rap scene; rappers including Wiley and Dizzee Rascal among others have helped contribute to London gaining the status of having the strongest rap scene outside of the USA. London is the home of one of the biggest underground scenes in the world. Genres include Uk garage, Drum and bass, Dubstep, 2step and grime. London hosts several festivals, fairs and carnivals throughout the year with over 40 free festivals each year. The most famous is the Notting Hill Carnival, the world's second largest carnival. The carnival takes place over the August bank holiday weekend, and attracts almost 1 million people. It has a distinctly Afro-Caribbean flavour, and highlights include a competition between London's steelpan bands and a 3-mile street parade with dancing and music. London also hosts the Carnaval Del Pueblo, Europe's greatest Latin American Festival, held on the first Sunday of August each year. Seven countries participate in this street procession, which ends in Burgess Park. Live music, dance, and Funfairs go up to 9:30 pm. There are also large parades held on St. George's Day (23 April) and St Patrick's Day (17 March). The Dance Umbrella is held every October, and features a variety of dance companies putting on displays across London. In addition there are many smaller fairs and parades, including the Christmas Without Cruelty Fayre, a fair held annually to promote animal rights. There are over three dozen major theatres, most concentrated in the West End (see the articles West End theatre and List of London venues). West End theatres are commercial ventures that host predominantly Musical Theatre shows but genres such as comedy and serious drama are sometimes shown. The subsidised or non-commercial theatre is vibrant in the capital with theatres like the National Theatre and Shakespeare's Globe both of which are based on the South Bank, the Barbican in the city, the Royal Court Theatre in Chelsea which specialises in new drama, and the Old Vic; and Young Vic, both in Lambeth. The Royal Shakespeare Company which is based in Stratford, presents seasons in London as well. Smaller fringe theatres like Battersea Arts Centre, Bloomsbury Theatre, Almeida Theatre and Tricycle Theatre are also popular. The capital also boasts a successful dance and physical theatre scene, home to two ballet companies; the Royal Ballet based at the Royal Opera House and English National Ballet based in Kensington, performing at the London Coliseum. Sadler's Wells Theatre on Rosebery Avenue in Islington exclusively shows dance performances throughout the year ranging from existing and new Contemporary companies, Musical Theatre, and touring ballet companies. Dance performances also take place at the Barbican Centre, Peacock Theatre (Sadler's Wells), and the Queen Elizabeth Hall. Rambert, Richard Alston Dance Company, Candoco, and Siobhan Davies Dance are all based in London as well as choreographers such as Matthew Bourne, Wayne McGregor, Lloyd Newson, Akram Kahn and Hofesh Shechter also basing their companies within the capital. The British National collection of Western Art to 1900 is held at The National Gallery. Other major collections of pre-1900 art are The Wallace Collection; the Courtauld Gallery at the Courtauld Institute of Art; and Dulwich Picture Gallery. The national collection of post-1900 art is at Tate Modern and the national collection of British Art is at Tate Britain. The National Portrait Gallery has a major collection dedicated to prominent British people from all periods. The Royal Academy's temporary exhibitions are also important. In addition to Tate Modern major contemporary art venues include White Cube, the Saatchi Gallery, and The ICA. London is home to over 240 museums, galleries, and other institutions, many of which are free of admission charges and are major tourist attractions as well as playing a research role. The first of these to be established was the British Museum in Bloomsbury, in 1753. Originally containing antiquities, natural history specimens and the national library, the museum now has 7 million artefacts from around the globe. Also of eighteenth-century foundation is the Royal Academy of Arts; its summer exhibition has been an annual fixture on the London social calendar since 1769. In 1824 the National Gallery was founded to house the British national collection of Western paintings; this now occupies a prominent position in Trafalgar Square. In the latter half of the nineteenth century the locale of South Kensington was developed as "Albertopolis", a cultural and scientific quarter. Three major national museums are located there: the Victoria and Albert Museum (for the applied and Decorative arts), the Natural History Museum and the Science Museum. The national gallery of British art is at Tate Britain, originally established as an annexe of the National Gallery in 1897. The Tate Gallery, as it was formerly known, also became a major centre for modern art; in 2000 this collection moved to Tate Modern, a new gallery housed in the former Bankside Power Station. London's museums of military and maritime history also opened in the twentieth century: the Imperial War Museum in 1917, and the National Maritime Museum in 1934. London has several smaller museums of note. The Dulwich Picture Gallery was the first purpose-built public art gallery in England, opening in 1817. Its architect, Sir John Soane, turned his own house in Lincoln's Inn Fields into a museum and architectural showcase, known as the Soane Museum. The Wallace Collection is a notable small collection of Old Master paintings and furniture, with an emphasis on French works. The Courtauld Institute of Art, which pioneered the study of art history in Britain from its foundation in 1932, is now located in Somerset House, the former premises of the Royal Academy. The Museum of London, charting the capital's history, has been located in the Barbican complex since 1976; a sister museum in the Docklands opened in 2003. Apart from the pubs and clubs, there are many music venues. Among the best known are Shepherds Bush Empire, Brixton Academy, Hammersmith Apollo, Wembley Arena, The Marquee, The UCL Bloomsbury, the Royal Albert Hall and the London Astoria, which has now closed. Between 2007 and 2015, London lost 35% of its grassroots music venues, threatening the city’s role as an incubator of new musical talent. London is home to many clubs such as the Ministry of Sound. There are many other culture related attractions in London, including the Avenue of Stars, a walkway similar to the Hollywood Walk of Fame, with stars commemorating notable individuals or groups. London also has a thriving LGBT community with a high number of venues catering to gays and lesbians, such as G-A-Y, The Black Cap, The Coleherne and Heaven. However, London lost 58% of its LGBTQ+ night time venues between 2006 and 2017. Spaces catering to BAME LGBTQ+ people have been disproportionately vulnerable to closure. Comedy is widely popular with the capital having around 100 venues showing 'Alternative Comedy.' London is also home to The Comedy Store one of the longest running comedy venues in the world. London is the home of many professional sport teams and has hosted various international sporting events, including the Summer Olympics in 1908, 1948, and 2012. Football is very popular and London is home to Wembley Stadium as well as club stadiums such as the Emirates Stadium, Stamford Bridge and White Hart Lane. Cricket grounds such as Lord's and The Oval are in London and rugby league and rugby union are popular team sports in the city. The Boat Race and The Wimbledon Championships, among the most famous contests in rowing and tennis, respectively, occur in London. The Olympic Stadium hosts athletics events. </doc> <doc id="2336841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336841" title="Jima"> Jima Jima or JIMA may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336845" title="Chemical Agent Resistant Coating"> Chemical Agent Resistant Coating Chemical Agent Resistant Coating is a paint commonly applied to military vehicles to provide protection against chemical and biological weapons. The surface of the paint is engineered to be easily decontaminated after exposure to chemical warfare and biological warfare agents. The paint is also resistant to damage and removal by decontaminating solutions. Two-component systems (e.g. epoxy or polyester-based) are often employed. This coating is described in MIL-DTL-53072E. As of 2018, the U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL) led research and development activity for CARC and was the approving authority of CARC products for the Department of Defense (DoD). Since 1985, U.S. Army Regulation 750-1 mandated the use of CARC systems on all tactical equipment. Regulations mandated the hardening of equipment (i.e. ground support equipment, tactical wheeled vehicles, and aircraft) against the impacts of chemical attacks and subsequent cleaning agents following contamination. These same regulations were followed by the Marine Corps and Air Force. As of 1985, most military vehicles and equipment were painted with camouflaged CARCs. These topcoats produced a non-porous finish that acted as a protectant against radioactive, biological and chemical contamination. CARC repelled chemical by preventing absorption, with chemicals beading up on the finish surface where they could be washed away. CARC coatings were also used by government contractors who refurbish vehicles and parts for the U.S. military. Examples included Light Armored Vehicles (LAVs), High Mobility Multi-Purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWV), generators, containers and shelter exteriors. Solvent-borne CARCs were developed in the early 1980s. The impetus for CARC development was the need to protect costly military equipment. Operation Desert Storm further increased concern of the potential for chemical attacks. Since 2000, high-performance water-reducible CARCs were commonly used. These materials met DoD’s VOC objective of 1.8 lb/gal and contained no hazardous air pollutants. The impetus for improved CARC formulations was to reduce the cost of material degradation for the DoD. An improved topcoat was composed to have 44% primary pigments and inorganic extenders, 24% resins, 30% solvent, and 2% additives. Formulations changed from inorganic to polymeric-based extenders in to enhance the protective features of the topcoat and reduce the cost of material degradation. Additionally, air pollution regulations required reformulation of the coating’s solvent content to reduce the emission of hazardous air pollutants. As of 2000, two different CARC topcoats included: 1) One-component, moisture-cure urethane (MCU): MCU CARCs cured in a two-stage process where water and isocyanate groups combined to produce a cured paint film. The materials were designed for resistance to windblown dust, sand and chemical agents. An improvement to solvent-borne polyurethanes, MCU materials offered both lower levels of volatile organic compounds and elimination of hazardous air pollutants. 2) Two-component, high-performance, water-reducible polyurethane: Waterbased CARCs, most commonly used by the military, were composed of water-reducible polyurethane resins, marking the first time a water-based two-component CARC was commercially available. This formulation eliminated several solvents, including methyl isobutyl ketone, toluene and xylene. Citation </doc> <doc id="2336853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336853" title="Baš Čelik"> Baš Čelik Baš Čelik (, ), meaning "head of steel", from Turkish "baş" for "head" and "çelik" for "steel", is a famous Serbian fairy tale. It is similar to the Brothers Grimm's "The Crystal Orb" (Aarne–Thompson type 552A). A king has three sons and three daughters. On his deathbed he makes his sons swear that they will marry off their sisters to the first person who asks. One night a booming voice demands that one sister be given to him. The two older brothers are reluctant, while the youngest (the Least of Three) heeds his father's dying request and hands her over. The same thing happen for the next two nights, until all the sisters are given away to mysterious strangers. The three brothers then decide to go and search for their sisters. Throughout their travels, each brother fights many-headed serpents, the youngest tossing the serpent into a lake putting out their camp fire; so he has to go out alone to find fire and using his wits he defeats nine giants that were terrorizing the region. Finally, he rescues a princess from the giant's village and is allowed to marry the princess. He lives in her castle and is allowed to visit any of the rooms, except one which is bound with chains (the One Forbidden Thing). When his wife is away from the castle, he goes inside the room and comes across a man bound in chains. The man calls himself Baš Čelik, and he begs for three glasses of water. Every time Čelik drains a glass, the prince receives an extra life. When the third glass is handed to him, Čelik regains his massive strength, breaks the chains, opens his wings, and flies away with the youngest son's wife. Now the prince sets out on a new quest to rescue his wife. On the way, he discovers that his sisters were married to the Lords of Dragons, Hawks and Eagles. He visits their castles and is welcomed. But when he tells each Lord of his plans to defeat Čelik, they try to stop him, telling him its impossible. The young prince refuses to listen, so each Lord gives him a magical feather that when burned will summon their armies. He tries to rescue his wife but each time, fails and loses his life. On the fourth time he fails again and dies, but not before he burns the feathers and his body is saved by his brothers-in-law. They resurrect him using the magical water from River Jordan. At this point the prince's wife learns that Čelik cannot be killed, because his life is in a bird that is in a heart of fox in forest of a high mountain. Helped by the Lords, the prince finally slays Čelik and rescues his wife. </doc> <doc id="2336855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336855" title="Sibley Peninsula"> Sibley Peninsula The Sibley Peninsula is a long and wide peninsula in Ontario, Canada, on Lake Superior. It projects into the lake from Superior's north shore, and separates Thunder Bay to the west from Black Bay to the east. Sleeping Giant Provincial Park occupies most of the peninsula, while the actual Sleeping Giant rock formation, which resembles a human figure lying on its back, forms the southernmost extension of the peninsula. Twenty native fish species are known from lakes within the park. Also on the peninsula are the Thunder Cape Bird Observatory, at its southern tip, and the small town of Silver Islet. Highway 587 runs along the peninsula from Highway 17 to Silver Islet. The peninsula was named after Alexander H. Sibley, president of the Silver Islet Mining Company that developed a mine there. The peninsula can be separated into two physiographic areas—highlands and lowlands. The highlands dominate the western half of the peninsula, and rise to above the surface of Lake Superior. The lowlands of the eastern portion of the peninsula rise to only , over an area 3 to 6 kilometres (2 to 4 mi) wide. With the exception of diabase dikes and the large diabase sill that forms the upper portion of the Sleeping Giant, the peninsula is underlain by sedimentary rocks, which strike northeast and slope towards the southwest, forming a cuesta. Sibley Peninsula (pronounced Syb-Lee) has archaeological sites from Paleoindian, arachaic, and woodland settlements. </doc> <doc id="2336870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336870" title="Boötes void"> Boötes void The Boötes void (or the Great Void) is an enormous, approximately spherically-shaped region of space, containing very few galaxies. It is located in the vicinity of the constellation Boötes, hence its name. Its center is located at approximately right ascension and declination . At nearly 330 million light-years in diameter (approximately 0.27% of the diameter of the observable Universe), or nearly 236,000 Mpc in volume, the Boötes void is one of the largest-known voids in the Universe, and is referred to as a "supervoid". Its discovery was reported by Robert Kirshner et al. (1981), as part of a survey of galactic redshifts. The center of the Boötes void is approximately 700 million light-years from Earth. Other astronomers soon discovered that the void contained a few galaxies. In 1987, J. Moody, Robert Kirshner, G. MacAlpine, and S. Gregory published their findings of eight galaxies in the void. M. Strauss and John Huchra announced the discovery of a further three galaxies in 1988, and Greg Aldering, G. Bothun, Robert P. Kirshner, and Ron Marzke announced the discovery of fifteen galaxies in 1989. By 1997, the Boötes void was known to contain 60 galaxies. According to astronomer Greg Aldering, the scale of the void is such that "If the Milky Way had been in the center of the Boötes void, we wouldn't have known there were other galaxies until the 1960s." The Hercules Supercluster forms part of the near edge of the void. So far, only 60 galaxies have been discovered in the Boötes void. Using a rough estimate of about 1 galaxy every 10 million light-years (4 times farther than Andromeda Galaxy from Earth), there should have been approximately 2,000 galaxies in the Boötes void. There are no apparent inconsistencies between the existence of the Boötes void and the Lambda-CDM model of cosmological evolution. It has been theorized that the Boötes void was formed from the merger of smaller voids, much like the way in which soap bubbles coalesce to form larger bubbles. This would account for the small number of galaxies that populate a roughly tube-shaped region running through the middle of the void. </doc> <doc id="2336872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336872" title="Pure Cult: for Rockers, Ravers, Lovers, and Sinners"> Pure Cult: for Rockers, Ravers, Lovers, and Sinners Pure Cult is the first of several greatest hits compilations by the British rock band The Cult, released in 1993. The title of the original release was "Pure Cult: for Rockers, Ravers, Lovers, and Sinners" while the 2000 reissue was titled "". Released on 1 February 1993. Singer Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy admitted that they did not have high hopes for this record's release, thinking it would be of interest only to collectors and die hard fans. However, the first week of release it was number one on the British charts and went double platinum, selling over 200,000 copies, which led to it being issued later in several other countries in Europe (where it reportedly reached number one also in Portugal) and Asia. Released in many forms, either as a single cd compilation of all work up to 1993 or as a double cd with a "Live" disc from a recording at the Marquee Club in November 1991. A four album boxset version included the full greatest hits compilation and live set (but omitting the "amplification breakdown" portion) from the Marquee show, or as a double album containing only the greatest hits compilation. In Poland it was released as a two-cassette tape set, with slightly different artwork, as "Pure Cult - For Rockers, Ravers, Lovers, and Sinners, Volumes One and Two". Some of the various pressings released were: All compositions by Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy. (See also ""). <nowiki>*</nowiki>(4:18 on CD, 7:03 on vinyl only) <nowiki>**</nowiki>(Single version) (See also "Live Cult"). </doc> <doc id="2336882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336882" title="Edward Elric"> Edward Elric , commonly nicknamed , is a fictional character and the protagonist of the "Fullmetal Alchemist" manga series created by Hiromu Arakawa. Edward, titled , is the youngest State Alchemist in the history of the fictional country of Amestris. His left leg was divinely severed in a failed attempt to resurrect his dead mother, and then his right arm was taken in exchange for his brother's soul. His missing limbs have been replaced with sophisticated prosthetics called . He and his younger brother, Alphonse, who lost his entire body and is spiritually bound to a suit of armor, scour the world in search of the Philosopher's Stone in the hopes of restoring their bodies. Ed has appeared in other media from the series, including video games, original video animations (OVAs) and light novels. Numerous publications in various media have been written on the subject of Edward's character. Reviewers praised Edward as a balance between the typical clever kid and the stubborn kid persona. Additionally, his comedic moments have been celebrated as some of the best moments in the series. His Japanese and English voice actors, Romi Park and Vic Mignogna, have both been praised for their performances as Edward Elric and have won several awards for their work. Numerous pieces of merchandise have been released bearing Edward's likeness, including key chains and action figures. Author Hiromu Arakawa integrated several social problems into the plot, such as the way Edward and Alphonse live as brothers after the death of their mother, Trisha. She also looks at how the brothers help people all over the country to gain an understanding of the meaning of family. When describing the character's personality, Arakawa comments that after his father's departure from home and his mother's death, Edward tried to replace the role of the man for the Elric family. As a result, Van Hohenheim's reappearance caused a shocking and terrified reaction in the character. Arakawa has noted that Edward is one of her favorite characters from the series, although she denied having the same personality as him when one of her assistants mentioned it. When comparing the two brothers during the time Alphonse obtained the ability to use alchemy without a circle like Edward, Arakawa stated nobody was better at alchemy as the two had different preferences in the same way as other alchemist appearing in the series. Although she claims she has not thought of the characters' birthdates, Arakawa noted that she decided Edward's birthdate during the series' serialization. During a chapter in which it was mentioned that Edward was about to be 16, winter was about to begin in Hokkaido, Arakawa's birthplace, so it was decided Edward's birthdate would be in winter. In a common slapstick gag from the series, Edward is often struck by Winry Rockbell's wrench. While commenting that Edward has the ability to easily dodge her, Arakawa comments that he gets hit on purpose as a result of his personality. The director of the first anime series, Seiji Mizushima, says that in the development of the story Edward "evolves and devolves"; Mizushima comments that Edward is continuously overcoming inner struggles in order to determine how to grow up. The appearance of his automail in the anime is used to symbolize the intangibles of his character, making viewers note that Edward lost something important. In a prototype from the series, Edward was an eighteen-year-old teenager travelling alongside his father whose soul sealed in a flying squirrel. Edward's prototype had an average height, but retained his automail. In order to fit with the readers from the manga magazine "Monthly Shonen Gangan", Edward's traits were further modified, leaving his current one. His height was reduced in order to contrast with Alphonse's huge armor. In the design of the character, Arakawa is often worried about not making his automail too bulky to avoid balancing it by increasing Edward's muscles, making his appearance unsuitable for his age. She has also often drawn the character in full body length, but at one point noticed she made it too tall. As the manga continued serialization, Arakawa found that she drew Edward half naked several times even more than Alex Louis Armstrong who tends to show his torso. While stating that this was because she wanted to draw Edward's automail, she commented that it was common for men to walk in underwear at their homes. In the Japanese version of "Fullmetal Alchemist"s anime adaptations, Edward has been voiced by Romi Park. In the English version, the role has been played by Vic Mignogna. Mignogna has stated that performing Edward may be his biggest voice acting achievement since fans do not compare him with Park, noting that their voices are not similar and that he did not plan to sound like her. Additionally, in the upcoming live-action of the series, Edward will be portrayed by Ryosuke Yamada. Yamada thinks his short starture might be work as an advantage due to one of Edward's most common characteristics is his low height. Studying Arakawa's manga, Yamada tried imitating Edward's other signature actions such the way he runs. A fan of the series, the actor expressed happiness with the role he was given. Nevertheless, in Anime Expo 2017 if anything from him looked "weird" which resulted in praise from the audience. During questions, Yamada said that one of the most difficult scenes about his acting is interacting with Alphonse as a result of the latter being CGI. As a result, in the shooting of some scenes the staff had a person in Alphonse's place so that Yamada had a better way to act. Edward was born in a small town named Resembool in the nation of Amestris, living with his younger brother Alphonse and their parents Trisha Elric and Van Hohenheim. After Hohenheim left the family on a journey early in their lives, Edward developed a loathing for their father as he and Alphonse learned to use alchemy before Trisha died of an illness years later. This two young boys concentrated on studying alchemy in the hopes of bringing their mother back to life, and trained with a skilled alchemist named Izumi Curtis. When they make the attempt to revive their mother, it failed and the brothers paid a bigger price via the Law of Equivalent Exchange: which states that every outcome requires an equal payment. Edward lost his left leg while meeting the metaphysical being known as , gaining great knowledge as well as the prodigious ability to perform transmutations just by clapping his hands together without the need of a Transmutation Circle. As Alphonse's entire being was taken by Truth, Edward uses his newly gained knowledge in sacrificing his own right arm to retrieve Alphonse's soul and bind it to a nearby suit of armor. Later meeting Colonel Roy Mustang while being outfitted prosthetic "automail" limbs by the grandmother of his childhood friend, Winry Rockbell, motivated to restore Alphonse, Edward joins the State Military. He becomes youngest State Alchemist, receiving the title of "Fullmetal Alchemist" shortly thereafter from the military head, King Bradley. For the next few years, the Elric Brothers begin an extensive search for the legendary Philosopher's Stone in order to restore their bodies. Edward is extremely idealistic, and strongly believes in the alchemical concept of "Equivalent Exchange," though he also behaves in a childish manner and can violently lash out when confronted about his short height. Besides his abilities as an alchemist, Edward is a formidable fighter as a result of his training with Izumi, who had extensively trained both brothers in martial arts. During their search for the Stone, from liberating the town of Liore from the cult leader Father Cornello to their tragic meeting with Nina Tucker and her desperate father Shou Tucker, Edward and Alphonse had a near-death experience when attacked by Scar, a vengeful Ishbalan targeting State Alchemists for the mass murder of his people during the Ishbal Civil War. This led to the Elrics making a brief return to Resembool with Winry becoming Edward's automail mechanic, the brothers encountering a former State Alchemist named Tim Marcoh who gives them the method of creating a Philosopher's Stone. The brothers, deciding to find another means upon learning human souls are required to create a Philosopher's Stone, get later revelations in the form of immortal beings known as the homunculi. When Edward and Alphonse discover that the homunculi and the Philosopher's Stone are related, they work together with Mustang and the Xingese prince Lin Yao to find them. But the Elric brothers meet the homunculus whom the homunculi call "Father," who is the true leader of Ametris with Bradley being a human-homunculus. The brothers are forced to keep working with the military as Bradley uses Winry as a hostage. Forced to comply, the Elrics travel to the northern area of the country in order where they eventually reveal what they known to General Olivier Mira Armstrong while dealing with the homunculus Sloth. Shortly after their arrival, the State Alchemist Solf J. Kimblee bring Winry to the north as a hostage, unknown to Winry, to force Edward's help in hunting Scar. But the brothers and Scar made their place as they end up using his help so Alphonse can take Winry to safety. Upon their success, joined by Lin after he willing became a host for Greed, Edward learns the Father's full plan of making human transmutation circle out to create a Philosopher's Stone. Edward later reunites with Alphonse and their father as they and their allies formulate an attack on Central City from all sides. The group make their way into the underground complex while dispatching many of the homunculi, but the Elric Brothers, Izumi, Honenhiem, and Mustang are captured by Father who uses them to absorb the souls of Amestrians to absorb the being beyond the Gate of Truth. But Honenheim and Scar act out their backup plans to return the recently stolen souls to their bodies and enable every alchemist to fighting the severely weakened Father. Joining the fray after defeating Pride, Edward loses his automail while battling Father. Alphonse transmutes his soul in order to restore Edward's original flesh-and-blood arm. After defeating Father, Edward manages to bring Alphonse back by sacrificing his own ability to use alchemy. The brothers return to their hometown to live normal lives, but are motivated by the memories of Nina and others they failed to save to learn new methods of alchemy to prevent such tragedies from being repeated. Two years later, Edward decides to head westward for their research with Winry accompanying him as they progressively developed a romantic relationship over the course of their adventure and eventually confessed their feelings to each other. In the epilogue, Edward and Winry are revealed to have married and have a son and daughter together. Although following the series storyline to an extent, the first anime's storyline diverts with Edward learning the secret to destroying a homunculus during his encounter with Greed, whom he kills in an effort to save Alphonse. When he learns of Scar's creation of a Philosopher's Stone within Alphonse, Edward saves the people of Lior from being sacrificed for its creation. During his battle against the homunculi, Edward is killed by Envy, but Alphonse trades himself for his brothers' revival. In doing so, however, Alphonse's armor with the philosopher's stone within it is used up and he disappears. After being revived, Edward sacrifices his own life to bring back his brother in exchange. As a result, Edward finds himself on the other side of the Gate, a parallel world which greatly resembles the real world during World War II, while Alphonse recovers his original body. Determined to return to Alphonse, Edward becomes involved in rocketry research in Germany, with the intention of using that technology to return to his home world. In the feature film, "", set two years after the end of the anime, Edward has been living in Germany and looks for a way to return to his world. At the film's end, he decides to stay in the parallel world along with Alphonse so that they may try to protect both worlds. Edward also appears in almost all the "Fullmetal Alchemist" original video animations (OVAs). In the first OVA he appears as a super deformed version of himself at the movie's wrap-up party; in the second, he appears shortly as an old man living in modern-day Tokyo; and in the third OVA, he plays a part in the battle against the first anime's homunculi. As the series' titular character, Edward is playable in all "Fullmetal Alchemist" video games. The three games for the PlayStation 2 – "Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel", "" and "" – feature exclusive stories in which the Elrics keep searching for the Philosopher's Stone. In the Nintendo DS game, "Fullmetal Alchemist Dual Sympathy", he and Alphonse replay the first anime series. He is also featured in the "Fullmetal Alchemist Trading Card Game". There are two character CDs featuring tracks based on Edward's character. The first is named and the second "Theme of Edward Elric". Both albums were performed by Ed's Japanese voice actress, Romi Park. He also appears in each light novel written by Makoto Inoue which continue Ed and Al's search for the Philosopher's Stone and at the same time feature different stories from the ones appearing the manga and the anime. Edward's character is well received by manga readers; in each of the popularity polls made by "Monthly Shōnen Gangan" he has ranked first. Edward also won the Twenty-sixth Annual "Animage" Readers' Poll, Anime Grand Prix, in the "Favorite Male Character"; Romi Park, who voices Edward in Japanese, won in the "Favorite Seiyu" category. Edward maintained a high place in the next year's poll in the same category. In the July 2009 issue of "Newtype", Edward ranked at the top of the survey Male Character Rankings. In the August 2009 issue his rank changed to fourth. In a "Newtype" poll from March 2010, Edward was voted as the fourth most popular male anime character from the 2000s. In the Anime Awards 2006 from About.com, Edward won in the category "Best Lead Character – Male". He was also seventh in IGN's 2009 Top 25 Anime Characters of All Time with writer Chris Mackenzie saying, "[Edward] and his kid brother Al make one of the best action-comedy teams in recent memory". In 2014, IGN ranked him as the eighth greatest anime character of all time, saying that "In Edward we had a character who was truly multidimensional. He could be comedic and pull off wild takes and sight gags. He could be placed in the most tragic circumstances and portray the deepest kind of sadness. He could be a complete badass, but he could also be the nicest guy on the planet." Several pieces of merchandise have been released in Edward's likeness, including plush toys, action figures, and key-chains. Vic Mignogna, who performs the voice of Edward in the English dub, was the winner in American Anime Awards in the category "Best Actor" for voicing Edward. In a poll by Anime News Network, he was voted as the 5th best "guy". Several publications for manga, anime, and other pop culture media have provided both praise and criticism on Edward's character. IGN writer Hilary Goldstein praises Edward as the perfect balance between the typical clever kid and the stubborn kid persona, explaining that this allows the character to "float between comical moments and underlying drama without seeming false." Additionally, Melissa Harper from Anime News Network praises Edward's facial expressions as some of the most humorous highlights of the series, including also the moments in which he reacts quite violently to comments about his small stature. They also praise him for not being a stereotypical "shōnen" character as it is noted that he has "very real skills, relationships, and personality". Samuel Arbogast from T.H.E.M. Anime Reviews also comments that the interaction between the Elric brothers as they travel is interesting, and praises their humor scenes as they help to balance the dark parts of the series. Similarly, Mania Entertainment's Jarred Pine liked the dynamic between the Elrics brothers as while Edward is often faced with following "dark paths" in the same way as villains with the series, he is always supported by Alphonse who makes sure he is okay. Judge Joel Pearce from DVD Verdict commented on Edward's journey, considering it very complex morally because he is trying to do good within a morally questionable organization. Lydia Hojnacki listed Ed as one of the reasons she likes "Fullmetal Alchemist", noting the progression of the character's personality throughout the series, from simple maturity to a deeper sensitivity. The character was noted to go through a notable development in the manga after meeting his father by Holly Ellingwood from Active Anime as it made him decide to see the investigate from the human he and Alphonse created as children which led him to find a clue about how to recover his brother's body. On the other hand, Maria Lin from Animefringe criticized Edward's development in the first animated adaptation of "Fullmetal Alchemist", as in the series' finale he once again attempted to resurrect a human. When reviewing the video game "Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel", RPGFan's Neal Chandran enjoyed the dynamic between the main characters both in fights as well as dialogues. In "(Fullmetal) alchemy: the monstrosity of reading words and pictures in shonen manga", Lesley-Anne Gallacher addressed how the backstory of Edward and Alphonse's failed attempt to revive their mother relate to Shou Tucker's plan to combine his daughter Nina and dog into a monster named chimera. During the discovery of this, Edward and Alphonse are given their own contrast in terms of characterization with the former showing early shock due to understanding what happened to Nina. Nevertheless, Alphonse later reacts violently too once understanding the identity of the chimera. As a result, the writer believes the story "weaken the boundaries between different realms of representation is to compromise the integrity of them all". Julie Sadlier from York University notes how complex is Edward's case of disability despite being a supercrip through his automail; despite acquiring these metallic limbs, Edward still feels at traumatized from his past and searches for a way to recover his lost arm and leg. Sadlier further commented on Edward's past, comparing it with Ishvalian's civil war who also suffered a tragic loss, most notably the antagonistic Scar who also lost his arm. Other foils noticed by the writer are Lan Fan who amputated herself to aid Ling Yao while noting that through his automail, Arakawa managed to link Edward with Alphonse and Winry. Tien-yi Chao from Intellect commented on Edward's characterization in the film "Conqueror of Shamballa". Across the movie, Edward meets parallel version of people he met including Maes Hughes (a Nazi soldier with the same name) and King Bradley, (a Jewish director film director named Fritz Lang), who behave differently from their Amestris counterparts. Chao addresses that through this exchanges the film also parallels itself from Arakawa's original work that takes a different path in terms of story. Nevertheless, Edward also faces the idea of going back to Amestris and comes in terms with Earth during the climax: in confrontation to Exckhart from the Thule Society, Edward notes that both worlds share similar issues, most notably wars which might become easier to occur if the worlds are connected. As a result, Edward and Alphonse decide to live in the real world in order to protect it from nuclear weapons mentioned across the story. </doc> <doc id="2336903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336903" title="Sociology of architecture"> Sociology of architecture Sociology of architecture is the sociological study of the built environment and the role and occupation of architects in modern societies. Architecture is basically constituted of the aesthetic, the engineering and the social aspects. The built environment which is made up of designed spaces and the activities of people are inter-related and inseparable. It is for us to understand this interrelationship and put it down appropriately on paper. Social institutions are many and these social institutions sometimes need functional spaces to allow the people using the building to benefit from all aspects of both, the purpose of what inhabits the building and by the varied structure and organized flow of communication. The way the buildings are designed to fulfill the needs of these social institutions /social requirements can be said to be the compliance of social aspects in architecture. Architecture is the visual shape ("Gestalt") of society. And within that, all the various building types (architecture of consumption, of mobility, of the political and religious, as well as factories, prisons, cinema buildings, etc.) could become objects of architectural sociology. For example: how a specific architecture 'expresses' the structure and principles of a given society. Such sociological analysis of architecture can be found in the classic authors of sociology in Marcel Mauss, Walter Benjamin, Norbert Elias, Michel Foucault, Ernst Bloch, Siegfried Kracauer, Pierre Bourdieu, Maurice Halbwachs, Karel Teige and others. The sociology of technology offers approaches to a sociology of (architectonic) artifacts. Initially, this sociology is interested in technical matters. While buildings (as art and technic) are not in the core of this discipline. The perspective of architecture as artifact would be the question of 'interactions' between architecture and subject: how a very specific architecture suggests certain ways, movements, perceptions. The term "social space" is used by Pierre Bourdieu and others (in contrast to architecture or built environment) in a more abstract sense: as social constituted spatial structures. Georg Simmel founded such a sociology of space and always watched the architecture of society. Simmel unfolded also an urban sociology (his articles were read in Chicago school): in his question of the specific ways of life in big cities ( "Big cities and life of spirit", 1903). Urban sociology primarily deals with social structures "within" the city: their points are for instance processes of segregation, urbanization and the decline of cities. Recently, there is a research focus on "differences of cities", which will be more associated with a sociology of architecture. Ronald Daus is introducing new concepts in this area, studying the history of extra-European Megacities. </doc> <doc id="2336907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336907" title="Nabil Farouk"> Nabil Farouk Nabil Farouk () (born on February 9, 1956) is an Egyptian novelist, best known for his books in the Rewayāt Masreyya Lel Gēb (Egyptian Pocket Novels) series. He was born in the Egyptian city of Tanta, and first showed an interest in reading at a very young age. With the encouragement of his parents he made his first attempts at writing at the age of about thirteen, and in high school joined journalism, photography, and theatre workgroups. He received his Master's degree from the University of Tanta in 1980. Just a year before his graduation he received an award from the Cultural Centre of Tanta for his novel "The Prophecy", which was later published as the first book of his "Cocktail 2000" series. He started writing Rewayat by following an advertisement in the "World of Books" magazine, saying that the "Modern Arab Association" was seeking science fiction novelists. He submitted his novel "Ray of Death", and it was published a year later as the first book in Malaf Al Mostakbal (The Future File) series. Soon afterwards he started on his other main series of novels, Ragol Al Mostaheel (The Man of the Impossible), which is said to be based on the actual exploits of an Egyptian Central Intelligence agent called A.S. (alias: Adham Sabri). He is a doctor, but is currently not practising medicine, being devoted full-time to his writing. Other than his series, he writes articles for two newspapers and three magazines, and recently started working on scripts for television series after finishing two films scripts, with a third one in progress. </doc> <doc id="2336919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336919" title="The Just Assassins"> The Just Assassins The Just Assassins (original French title: Les Justes, more literal translations would be The Just or The Righteous) is a 1949 play by French writer and philosopher Albert Camus. The play is based on the true story of a group of Russian Socialist-Revolutionaries who assassinated the Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich in 1905, and explores the moral issues associated with murder and terrorism. In the play, all but one (Stepan) of the "Justes" are based upon historical terrorists, described in "Memoirs of a Terrorist" by Boris Savinkov. Act I "In the apartment used by the terrorists" The 'justes' are a group of revolutionaries plotting to assassinate the Grand Duke with a bomb. The first attempt is meticulously set up, with Kaliayev selected to throw the bomb. Act II "as before" After a period of uncertainty as to the outcome of the first attempt, Kaliayev returns, saying he could not throw the bomb at the carriage, as it contained the Grand Duke's nephew and niece. Stepan is disgusted by this, pointing out that thousands of Russian children have died as a result of Tsarist oppression, but the others take Kaliayev's side, as killing children would harm their cause. Act III "as before" Kaliayev prepares for the second attempt and tries again, two days after the first try. He successfully kills the duke. Voinov leaves the group to join the Party's propaganda division. Act IV "in a prison" Kaliayev is in prison. He has a brief discussion with Foka before Skouratov enters. Skouratov discusses Kaliayev's actions with him before the Grand Duchess enters. She shows Kaliayev the human side of his crime (the actual death of the Grand Duke) and asks him to agree to being a murderer, not a revolutionary, in exchange for his life. Kaliayev is moved by her talk of her husband but stays firm. He says, "Let me prepare myself to die. If I did not die-- it's then I'd be a murderer." Skouratov reenters and makes Kaliayev an offer: either Kaliayev confesses and reveals the whereabouts of his fellows, or Skouratov will publish an article saying he repented his acts to the Grand Duchess, thereby making his fellows believe he betrayed them and their cause. Act V "At the apartment" It is the night of Kaliayev's execution. Annenkov, Dora and Stepan await news of him. Voinov returns for the same reason. Some suggest that Kaliayev may have betrayed them to save his own life, but Dora knows this is not true. This is confirmed shortly afterwards by news of Kaliayev's death. Dora, normally the most gentle of the group, takes on a Stepan-like attitude. She vows to throw herself into terrorism and either to destroy tyranny single-handed to avenge Kaliayev, or be caught, executed and thereby united with him. The original production of "Les Justes" was directed by Paul Oettly and first released on December 15, 1949. Ivan Kaliayev ('Yanek') – The lead character of the play. It is he who throws the bomb that kills the Grand Duke, and goes to prison for it. Kaliayev is also known among the terrorists as 'the poet'. He, like the other 'justes', has sacrificed a good life to fight the tyranny of the Tsarist regime. Despite the sadness and danger of terrorism, Kaliayev repeatedly affirms his love for life — indeed, he is fighting so as to bring a better life to others. He and Stepan Fedorov frequently come into conflict. He used to be the lover of Dora Doulebov. Kaliayev is seen making a number of religious gestures, such as crossing himself. He is also extremely moral, and uncomfortable with the idea of killing a man. His only consolation is that, in killing the Grand Duke, he will reduce suffering for thousands of others ('La Russie sera belle') and that he will pay for the human side of his crime with his life. Even then, he makes certain that he kills only the Grand Duke. Ivan Kalyayev was the real name of the terrorist, as Camus notes in his introduction. Stepan Fedorov – The only fictional revolutionary of the play, introduced by Camus to show his problems with the Communist party. Stepan enters the play having spent three years in prison before escaping to Switzerland (a reference to Lenin). As a consequence, he is very bitter and unable to appreciate the good aspects of life. He feels that 'freedom is a prison while even one man on Earth is enslaved', and frequently talks about insane acts of indiscriminate destruction, such as asking Dora 'how many bombs would it take to blow up Moscow?'. He also persistently asks to be allowed to throw the bomb, but the other members of the group see him as too unstable to be allowed to do so. Dora Doulebov – Former lover of Kaliayev. She has had training in chemistry, and therefore acts as the group's bomb-maker. Dora, more than any other of the revolutionaries, remembers and talks fondly of her life before joining the Party. Though normally very gentle, Dora adopts a Stepan-like persona at the end of the play, wishing to avenge Kaliayev's death or die trying. Boris Annenkov – The leader of the Party. Annenkov makes all the decisions about the assassination, such as who will throw the bomb. He acts in a mediating role in conflicts between Kaliayev and Stepan, and generally serves to calm the feelings of the other members of the group. Alexis Voinov – A former university student, Voinov was thrown out of university for anti-Tsarist comments. Voinov places a very high value on truth, and feels he must fight tyranny actively. However, when he finds himself unable to throw his bomb in the first assassination attempt, he realises that he is not suited for direct violent action — he is afraid of the moment of deciding to throw the bomb, and he is ashamed of this. He decides instead to transfer to the propaganda division of the Party, saying that although the risks are the same, he does not have to see them. The Grand Duchess – Grand Duchess Elizabeth Fyodorovna, Widow of Grand Duke Serge. She appears in only one scene, confronting Kaliayev in prison about his actions. She emphasises the human side of the Grand Duke's death, talking about his little habits and good qualities. She asks Kaliayev to admit to being a murderer rather than a revolutionary, in exchange for a pardon, and to accept Christianity. Kaliayev finds his justification severely weakened, but manages to reject her offer. Skouratov – A member of the secret police who visits Kaliayev in prison. Skouratov represents the hopelessness of struggling against a despotic society. He asks Kaliayev to betray his comrades in exchange for freedom for all of them, but Kaliayev refuses to do so. Skouratov then has published, or threatens to have publish, a newspaper article saying Kaliayev did betray them, so as to destroy the unity of the group. However, if he does so, the group do not believe him. Foka – A man Kaliayev meets in prison who has murdered someone while drunk. Foka is sceptical towards Kaliayev's socialism, and is instead very acceptant of the world (when Kaliayev describes the socialist vision to him, Foka simply says it is heaven). He is serving a 20-year sentence, but acts as a hangman, getting a year off his sentence for each criminal he hangs. Prison guard – An intriguingly important character. He represents the class struggle that was prevalent in Russia at the time; never striking but always in the background, in control. The play was the basis for the 1983 Mexican film "Bajo la metralla", directed by Felipe Cazals. The 2017 Telugu (Indian) movie "Raktham - The Blood" directed by Rajesh Touchriver is also an adaptation of this Albert Camus play. </doc> <doc id="2336920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336920" title="Vistulans"> Vistulans The Vistulans, or Vistulanians (), were an early medieval West Slavic tribe inhabiting western part of modern Lesser Poland. In the 9th century, they created a tribal state, with probable major centers in Kraków, Wiślica, Sandomierz, and Stradów. Probably around 874 they were subjugated by king Svatopluk I of Moravia, who was a contemporary of the emperor Arnulf, and the Vistulan duke was forced to accept baptism. After a later period of Czech domination, the Vistulan lands became controlled by the Polans in the late tenth century, and were incorporated into Poland. The area inhabited by the Vistulans probably ranged from the foothills of the Carpathian Mountains in the south, to the sources of the Pilica and Warta in the north. In the east, it reached the Dunajec, and in the west, the Skawa. The first Slavic gords were not built here until the mid 8th century, which means that the Vistulans probably frequently migrated, changing locations. Even though some historians, such as Przemysław Urbanczyk, claim that the Vistulans did not exist, there are three documents which can be tied to this tribe. First is the so-called "Pannonian Legend" (The Life of St. Methodius), second is the Bavarian Geographer, and third is Alfred the Great's "Germania". Since the 8th century, the Vistulans began construction of spacious gords, whose areas frequently reached over 10 hectares. Most gords were ring-shaped, and located on hills. Among major ones were the gords at Kraków, Stradów, Demblin, Naszczowice, Podegrodzie, Stawy, Trzcinica, Wiślica and on Bocheniec hill in Jadowniki. Most probably, the capital of the Vistulans was located in Kraków, which is confirmed by the size of the local gord, together with a fortified stronghold, located on the Wawel hill. Furthermore, the Vistulans probably built several mounds, such as the Krakus Mound, but historians argue whether these are of earlier, Celtic origin. Little is known about early history of the Vistulans. Their territory might have been conquered by Greater Moravia, though no conclusive evidence exists to prove this theory. According to archaeological findings, in the late 9th century several gords in southern Lesser Poland were destroyed. This might have been during the conquest of the Vistulans by Great Moravia, but it might have been the result of a conflict between the Vistulans and other tribes, like the Golensizi. In the 950s, the land of the Vistulans was probably conquered by Czech Duke Boleslaus I, which is confirmed by Abraham ben Jacob, whose work was used by Muslim geographer al-Bakri in his "Book of Roads and Kingdoms". It is not known when and how the land of the Vistulans joined into the state of the Polans. Archaeological research has not found any evidence of armed conflicts between the Polans and the Vistulans. Most likely, Bolesław I Chrobry, future king of Poland, was named the ruler of Kraków by his grandfather, Boleslaus I. After the death of his father Mieszko I of Poland (992), Chrobry united Kraków with Poland, with the consent of the Vistulan ruling class. So far historians have not been able to name any Vistulan dukes. Furthermore, little is known about their religious rituals and the date of baptism of the tribe. </doc> <doc id="2336937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336937" title="Larimer (Pittsburgh)"> Larimer (Pittsburgh) Larimer is a neighborhood in the East End of the City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the United States. The neighborhood takes its name from William Larimer, who grew up in nearby Westmoreland County and, after making a fortune in the railroad industry, built a manor house overlooking East Liberty along a path that came to be called "Larimer Lane" and later Larimer Avenue. Larimer's daughter, Rachel, married James Mellon, son of Thomas Mellon, which brought what is now Larimer into the Mellon clan's control. As with East Liberty, the Mellons sold or rented this land and used the proceeds to finance Pittsburgh's coal, steel, and gas industries. A number of James Mellon's heirs used Larimer as a middle name, including Gulf Oil founder William Larimer Mellon, and they ensured that the present-day neighborhood took the name as well. Larimer was originally settled by Germans in the later half of the 19th century. By the early 1900s Italians from Abruzzi, Calabria, Campania, Sicily and Northern Italians became the dominant ethnic group. These settlers were slightly better-off than their kinsmen who moved to Bloomfield around the same time: the residents of Bloomfield built modest frame row-houses, while those in Larimer built somewhat nicer detached brick homes with small yards. Before long, Larimer residents had built and were running concrete foundries and commercial bakeries along Lincoln Avenue towards Two-Mile Run (some of which still exist today), and a successful commercial district at the intersection of Larimer Avenue and Meadow Street, near the community's spiritual home of Our Lady Help of Christians Catholic Church (1898). In 1928, the Italian Sons and Daughters of America was founded in the neighborhood. Larimer was Pittsburgh's Little Italy until the 1960s. As with other neighborhoods in Pittsburgh's East End, the 1960s were a turning point for Larimer. Some residents began to move to the suburbs in the early part of the decade, and this process was hastened by the urban renewal of East Liberty and the construction of a 320-unit housing project on Larimer Avenue near the entrance to Larimer from East Liberty. Today, aside from a few remaining businesses along Lincoln Avenue, no vestige of the neighborhood's Italian community remains (Our Lady Help of Christians was closed in 1992). The once-proud brick houses are now either abandoned or neglected by absentee landlords, and the residents, largely African-American, are among the poorest in Pittsburgh. Larimer is surrounded on nearly all sides by small valleys, or "runs" in the vernacular: branches of Negley Run form a border between Larimer and Highland Park on the North-West, and between Larimer and Lincoln-Lemington on the North-East, while the last bit of Two-Mile Run, the present site of the East Busway, forms a border between Larimer and Homewood on the South-East. On the South-West, there is a natural passage from East Liberty to Larimer along Larimer Avenue. In June 2014, Larimer successfully applied for and received a coveted $30 million grant to re-build the neighborhood, which was provided through the US Department of Housing and Development. The grant will provide over 350 units of mixed-income housing. The Mayor of Pittsburgh, William "Bill" Peduto, called the grant, "huge." </doc> <doc id="2336942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336942" title="Anne Francis"> Anne Francis Anne Francis (also known as Anne Lloyd Francis; September 16, 1930 – January 2, 2011) was an American actress known for her role in the science fiction film "Forbidden Planet" (1956) and for having starred in the television series "Honey West" (1965–1966), which was the first TV series with a female detective character's name in the title. She won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role in the series. Contrary to some sources, which erroneously claim she was born Ann Marvak (rather than Francis), her parents' marriage registration and census records from 1925 and 1930 confirm that their names were Philip Ward Francis (1900–1974) and Edith (née Albertson) Francis (1901–1995). Francis was born in Ossining, New York, on September 16, 1930. She entered show business at a young age, working as a model at age five to help her family during the Great Depression. She made her Broadway debut at the age of 11. Francis made her film debut in "This Time for Keeps" (1947). She played supporting roles in the films "Susan Slept Here", "So Young, So Bad", and "Bad Day at Black Rock"; her first leading role was in "Blackboard Jungle" (1955). Her best-known film role is that of "Altaira" in "Forbidden Planet" (1956), an Oscar-nominated science-fiction classic. Francis was the star of a provocative 1960 movie about a high-priced call girl, "Girl of the Night". In 1965, she had a leading role in the William Conrad film noir "Brainstorm". In 1968, she played the role of Georgia James in the feature film "Funny Girl" and in the following year, played Nancy Ingersoll (the wife of Jerry Lewis's character) in the comedy "Hook, Line & Sinker". She also co-starred in "Impasse", an adventure film starring Burt Reynolds. Her distinctive physical features were her blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and a small mole just to the right of her lower lip. The mole was even written into the script of one of her films. Francis found success in television and was a frequent guest star in 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s made-for-TV movies and series programs. She guest-starred on "The Untouchables" as the title character in "The Doreen Maney Story", and starred twice in "The Twilight Zone" (in "The After Hours" and in "Jess-Belle"). She also appeared in two episodes of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and three episodes of "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour". Francis also appeared in two episodes of the Western series "The Virginian", two episodes of "Columbo" ("Short fuse" & "A Stitch in Crime") and in the episode "Incident of the Shambling Man" on the CBS western, "Rawhide". She was cast in an episode of Gene Kelly's drama series, "Going My Way", based on the 1944 film of the same name. During 1964, she guest-starred in two episodes, "Hideout" and "Rachel's Mother", of "The Reporter", and made two successive appearances in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." In 1965, Francis was cast as "Honey West", a sexy private investigator who drove a Cobra and had a pet ocelot; the character was initially introduced on the ABC series "Burke's Law", and then spun off as a series. She made a guest appearance in a 1967 episode of "The Fugitive". She appeared in the 1967 episode, "The Saucer," in "The Invaders". She guest-starred in a 1973 episode, "Murder In The Doll's House", of "Barnaby Jones". At the start of the final season in 1971 of "My Three Sons", Francis played bowling-alley waitress Terri Dowling, who marries character Laird Fergus McBain Douglas of Sithian Bridge, Scotland, and returned to his homeland as royalty. (Fred MacMurray played the dual character roles of Steve Douglas and Fergus McBain Douglas in this four-part story arc). She appeared twice as a guest star in "Columbo", once as a casual lover of the murderer ("Short Fuse", 1972), and once as the actual murder victim ("A Stitch in Crime", 1973). In 1974, she appeared as Ida, the madame of a bawdy house on the series "Kung Fu" in the episode "Night of the Owls, Day of the Doves". In 1976, she appeared as Lola Flynn in an episode of "Wonder Woman", entitled "Beauty on Parade". In 1977, she appeared as Lieutenant Commander Gladys Hope, the head nurse in two episodes of the World War II series "Baa Baa Black Sheep". She portrayed Melissa Osborne in the episode "How Do I Kill Thee?" of "The Eddie Capra Mysteries" in 1978. During the 1980-81 season of "Dallas", Francis had a recurring role as Arliss Cooper, the mother of Mitch and Afton Cooper. She later played "Mama Jo" in the first few episodes of the 1984 TV-detective series "Riptide". In that same year, she guest-starred in the premiere episode of "Murder, She Wrote", credited as Anne Lloyd Francis; she went on to guest-star in two more episodes during the show's run. She appeared on episodes of "Matlock" and "The Golden Girls". In 1996, she appeared in the "Wings" episode "The Lady Vanishes", as Vera, a 1940s gun moll-type character. She guest-starred in 1998 on "The Drew Carey Show" as the mother of Drew's girlfriend Nicki in the episodes "Nicki's Parents" and "Nicki's Wedding". Francis' final television acting role was in "Shadows", a 2004 episode of "Without a Trace". Francis was married to United States Air Force pilot Bamlet Lawrence Price, Jr. from May 1952 through April 1955, and to Robert Abeloff from 1960 through 1964; she never remarried after divorcing Abeloff. Francis was a Democrat and supported Adlai Stevenson's campaign during the 1952 presidential election. Frances and Abeloff had one daughter, Jane Elizabeth Abeloff (born March 21, 1962). Francis later adopted Margaret "Maggie" West in 1970, one of the first adoptions granted to an unmarried person in California. In 1982, Francis published an autobiography, "Voices from Home", subtitled "An Inner Journey". On its book cover, she wrote that the book "is my spiritual expose. It is about our essence of being, the inner workings of mind and spirit which contribute to the growth of the invisible and most important part of us." Francis studied flying toward the end of the 1960s, eventually earning her pilot's certificate. In 2005, "TV Guide" ranked Francis number 18 on its "50 Sexiest Stars of All Time" list. Anne Francis was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2007. She kept her followers informed of her progress on her Web site. She died on January 2, 2011, aged 80, from complications due to pancreatic cancer at a retirement home in Santa Barbara, California. She was cremated and her ashes scattered at sea. </doc> <doc id="2336948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336948" title="Northern Local Supervoid"> Northern Local Supervoid The Northern Local Supervoid is a region of space devoid of rich clusters of galaxies, known as a void. It is the closest supervoid and is located between the Virgo (Local), Coma and Hercules superclusters. On the sky, it is located between Boötes, Virgo, and Serpens Caput constellations. It contains a few small galaxies (primarily spirals) and galaxy clusters, but is mostly empty. The faint galaxies within this void divide the region into smaller voids, which are 3–10 times smaller than the supervoid. The center is located away at approximately (, ) and it is in diameter across its narrowest width. </doc> <doc id="2336963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336963" title="Honey West"> Honey West Honey West is a fictional character created by the husband and wife writing team Gloria and Forest Fickling under the pseudonym "G.G. Fickling", and appearing in eleven mystery novels by the duo. The character is notable as being one of the first female private detectives in popular fiction. She first appeared in the 1957 book "This Girl for Hire" and would appear in nine novels before being retired in the mid-1960s, with two comeback novels in 1971. The Honey West character was created by Gloria and Forrest E. "Skip" Fickling under the pseudonym "G.G. Fickling" in the late 1950s. Forrest Fickling had been a United States Army Air Forces Air Gunner during World War II; he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve after the war, and as a member of that service was called back to active duty during the Korean War. The G.G. represented the initials of his wife, Gloria Gautraud, whom he had married in 1949. The initials were used so the sex of the author would remain vague. Though Gloria said that most of the writing was done by Forrest, he said her ideas helped make the female character more plausible and gave her a good dress sense. Gloria had been an assistant fashion editor at "Look" magazine and a fashion writer for "Women's Wear Daily". Forrest told the "Los Angeles Times", "I first thought of Marilyn Monroe, and then I thought of [fictional detective] Mike Hammer and decided to put the two together... We thought the most used name for someone you really like is Honey. And she lives in the West, so there was her name." The character was also the basis for a short-lived ABC TV series in the 1965-66 television season starring Anne Francis and John Ericson. There were 30 episodes. The series was executive produced by Aaron Spelling. Gold Key Comics released a one-shot Honey West comic book in June 1966. In August 2010, Moonstone Books began a "Honey West" comic book series, written by Trina Robbins with art by Cynthia Martin. Other writers include Elaine Lee and Ronn Sutton. It lasted 19 issues. After which, there were two limited installments, the single issue "Honey West and Kolchak" (2013), and two issues for "Honey West and The Cat" (2013). In 2011, the AudioComics Company announced plans to adapt Elaine Lee and Ronn Sutton's three-part miniseries "Murder on Mars" as a full-cast audio drama, in conjunction with Moonstone Books. Starring audio book narrator Carrington MacDuffie as Honey, the adaptation was released on compact disc and digital download in April 2012. At various times a proposed film with Reese Witherspoon as Honey West was mentioned, but never made. </doc> <doc id="2336976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336976" title="Finnish hovercraft Tuuli"> Finnish hovercraft Tuuli Tuuli was a hovercraft built for the Finnish Navy. Originally intended to be the lead vessel of a class of four combat hovercraft, she was never officially commissioned and after having been laid up for the most of her career, she was broken up in 2013. "Tuuli" was built at the Aker Finnyards Rauma shipyard in Rauma, Finland. Named after a decommissioned "Tuima"-class (modified Soviet OSA-II) missile boat, she was intended to be the lead vessel of a class of four combat hovercraft that would form part of "Squadron 2000" (), a vessel procurement program of the Finnish Navy. Before naming, the hovercraft were referred to as the T-2000 class. The hovercraft were intended to be used as mobile missile platforms that would be able to navigate and perform surprise attacks in the fractured Finnish archipelago. It was an attack vessel, not a landing craft or transport. Since the seas around Finland usually freeze over in the winter, parts of the archipelago cannot be navigated by conventional surface combatants and are accessible only by air or with a hovercraft. The Finnish Border Guard operates patrol and search-and-rescue hovercraft in these water. However, the focus of the Finnish Navy was redefined as long-term protection of merchant marine traffic, and "Hamina"-class missile boats with better operational-endurance were selected in "Tuuli"s stead. As a result, only the prototype vessel was built and never officially commissioned. Tuuli was completed in 2002. Her trial runs proved a success and her specified capacity and maximum speed were exceeded. On 19 December 2003, it was announced that the "Tuuli" class would not enter active service and the prototype vessel would be presented for sale. There was foreign interest towards purchasing "Tuuli", but no further details have been given. Apparently, Tuuli ACV could have been used in the Arctic to support larger hulls. The vessel was stored at the Upinniemi base. On 10 July 2013, it was announced that "Tuuli" would be scrapped as no suitable buyer has been found. She was broken up in October 2013. The design of the vessel involved technology transferred from the United States. It was constructed from welded panels of thin marine aluminium sheets and extrusions connected with light-weight composite constructions. The special features of the vessel were good mobility, independence of waterways and fixed port equipment, year-around operation and a small crew of only ten owing to the advanced technology. </doc> <doc id="2336981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336981" title="Eaglemon"> Eaglemon Eaglemon is a company specialized in IoT applications. The company produces IoT controllers and gateways for remote monitoring and control applications. </doc> <doc id="2336985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336985" title="Kit Culkin"> Kit Culkin Christopher Cornelius "Kit" Culkin (born December 6, 1944) is an American stage actor and former manager. He is probably best known as the father of actors Macaulay Culkin, Rory Culkin and Kieran Culkin, and the brother of actress Bonnie Bedelia. Culkin was born in Manhattan, New York City, New York, the son of Philip Harley Culkin (1898–1977), who was in public relations, and Marian Ethel (née Wagner) (1914–1964), a writer and editor. He and his sisters Candice and actress Bonnie were raised in New York City. He and his sister Bonnie took classes at School of American Ballet (as did his son Macaulay in the late 1980s). Culkin's early career involved working on Broadway in theater productions with actors such as Richard Burton, John Gielgud, Laurence Olivier and Anthony Quinn. His brother Terry and sisters Bonnie and Candace also worked in theater and television. Culkin credits his mother, who was their manager, for these early successes. Three of his sons — Macaulay, Rory, and Kieran — are professional actors whose careers eclipse their father's acting career but have gained him prominence as their manager from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. In just a few years, the Culkin family went from modest means to wealth. Macaulay became extremely popular due to his starring roles in the "Home Alone" feature films, and he was the first child in Hollywood to receive a million dollar salary (for "My Girl" (1991)). From 1995 to 1997, Kit was part of a child custody trial. He has fathered eight children: Jennifer Adamson (1970–2000) with Adeena VanWagoner; Shane (b. 1976), Dakota (1978–2008), Macaulay (b. 1980), Kieran (b. 1982), Quinn (b. 1984), Christian (b. 1987) and Rory (b. 1989) with Patricia Brentrup (b. 1954). Culkin and Brentrup were together for 21 years from 1974–1995, but never married. On December 9, 2008, Kit's daughter Dakota was struck by a vehicle when she stepped off a curb into its path. She was taken to UCLA Medical Center where she died at age 30 of her injuries the following afternoon. Culkin's daughter Jennifer Adamson died in 2000 (at age 29) from a drug overdose. Culkin did reside in Grants Pass, Oregon. His long-time friend and partner Jeanette Krylowski died on May 31, 2017. After her death Culkin left his Grants Pass residence, his current whereabouts are unknown. </doc> <doc id="2337008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337008" title="Walkout (film)"> Walkout (film) Walkout is a 2006 HBO film based on a true story of the 1968 East L.A. walkouts. It premiered March 18, 2006 on HBO. Starring Alexa Vega, Efren Ramirez and Michael Peña, the film was directed by Edward James Olmos. Moctezuma Esparza, one of the real-life students who was involved in the walkouts, was the film's executive producer. High school student Paula Crisostomo (played by Alexa Vega), is tired of being treated unequally. She meets a group of student activists from around East Los Angeles and they decide to try to change the way students are treated. They are punished for speaking Spanish in school, their bathrooms are locked during lunch, they are forced to do janitorial work as a punishment and many in the high school administrations actively dissuade the less promising students from attending college. Inspired by her Chicano teacher Sal Castro (Michael Peña) and despite opposition from her father (Yancey Arias), Paula joins in and helps hand out surveys to students to suggest improvements to the schools. Each East LA high school has two or three students who are in the group; Paula particularly becomes interested in Robert (Jeremy Ray Valdez). However, the school board refuses to consider the suggestions so Paula urges the students to walk out of school. The police find out and the principal threatens to expel Paula if she walks out. Paula's father urges against her plan of "walking out." He believes that the group is a bunch of "agitators." Five East LA schools successfully walk out and the school board says they might consider their demands, but Paula's father throws her out of the house for her role in the walkout. The students decide to walk out in only half of the schools the next day, but the police arrest and beat the protesters. None of the footage appears on the news and the students are painted as violent agitators with Communist ties. Paula decides to invite the students' families to the protests, hoping their presence will deter police brutality. When the students walk out again their families come to support them and it appears that they have won because the school board agrees to hear their complaints. Paula invites Robert to prom, but while she is getting ready, the police suddenly arrest 12 of the leaders of the student movement. When Paula goes to Sal for advice she discovers that Robert (who is an undercover LAPD officer) has arrested him. The students are charged with conspiracy to disrupt a school with a maximum penalty of 66 years. Paula is defeated, but her father urges her not to give up and she helps to stage a massive protest outside the jail. Robert is on duty there and tries to stop her, but she continues leading the crowd until all 12 students and Sal are released. A month after the film first aired, 2,500 Colorado students initiated a walkout of Denver schools to protest H.R. 4437, known as the "Sensenbrenner Bill." This House bill would have made it a felony (rather than a misdemeanor) to be in the US illegally. The bill was the catalyst for the 2006 U.S. immigration reform protests. Other student Walk Out protests in May 2006 were in part inspired by the film. </doc> <doc id="2337009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337009" title="Sleeping Giant Provincial Park"> Sleeping Giant Provincial Park Sleeping Giant Provincial Park, established in 1944 as Sibley Provincial Park and renamed in 1988, is a park located on the Sibley Peninsula in Northwestern Ontario, east of Thunder Bay. The nearest communities are Pass Lake, in the township of Sibley, located at the northern entrance to the park, and Dorion, located NW, in the township of Shuniah. The seasonal community of Silver Islet is located on the southern tip of the peninsula. The primary feature of the park is the Sleeping Giant, which is most visible from the city of Thunder Bay. The park occupies most of the lower portion of the peninsula excluding the area around the seasonal community of Silver Islet, and a portion of Thunder Cape which is designated as the Thunder Cape Bird Observatory. The eastern portion of the park is lowlands, while the western half is terrain composed of cliffs, valleys, and the mesa–cuestas which make up the Sleeping Giant formation. At its eastern edge, it will touch the future Lake Superior National Marine Conservation Area. The Sibley Peninsula is long and wide. It projects into Lake Superior from the north shore, separating Thunder Bay to the west and Black Bay to the east. The peninsula can be separated into two physiographic areas—highlands and lowlands. The highlands dominate the western half of the peninsula, and rise to above the surface of Lake Superior. The lowlands of the eastern portion of the peninsula rise to only , over an area 3 to 6 kilometres (2 to 4 mi) wide. With the exception of diabase dikes and the large diabase sill that forms the upper portion of the Sleeping Giant, the peninsula is underlain by sedimentary rocks, which strike northeast and slope towards the southwest, forming a cuesta. The varied terrain and the effect of Lake Superior on the peninsula's microclimates provide habitats for a wide variety of plants and animals. Plants found in the park include 23 species of orchids including small round-leaved orchid ("Galearis rotundifolia"), one of Ontario's rarest species, as well as 22 species of alpine arctic disjuncts. Wildlife found in the park includes a wide variety of mammals. The most dominant species are white tailed deer and black bears. Close to 200 species of birds have been recorded at the park, and about 75 species are known to nest in the park. The park is also home to a few species of amphibians and reptiles, and many species of fish. Sleeping Giant Provincial Park offers numerous recreational activities. The park has more than of trails, the longest being the Kabeyun Trail. Summer programs include guided nature walks and group campfires, and films at the park amphitheater. Other activities include boating, fishing, and cycling. The park grooms of cross-country ski trails in the winter. The park has several camp grounds more than 240 camp sites. The main camp ground is at Marie Louise Lake, which has 200 camp sites, 85 of which are electric. An additional 40 camp sites are located through the park along its interior trails. The park has a picnic area and beach, and boat ramps, as well as indoor washroom and shower facilities and a laundromat. Canoes, kayaks, paddle boards, and mountain bikes can be rented from the park store. Sleeping Giant Provincial Park is part of the Natural Heritage Education program. Primary interpretive themes include the Sleeping Giant formation; the geology of the park and surrounding areas; the legend about the Sleeping Giant; the transitional forest; botanical disjuncts and rarities; the history of Silver Islet; Paleo-Indian occupation of the area and subsequent pre-historic cultures; and wildlife viewing. The program is administered from the visitors centre at the Marie Louise Lake campground. </doc> <doc id="2337010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337010" title="Wilshire Associates"> Wilshire Associates Wilshire Associates, Inc. is an independent investment management firm that offers consulting services and analytical products and manages fund of funds investment vehicles for a global client base. Wilshire manages capital for more than 600 institutional investors globally representing more than $8 trillion of capital. Wilshire is also known for the creation of the Wilshire 5000 stock index in 1974 and more recently the Wilshire 4500 stock index. Wilshire operates from four business units: Wilshire is headquartered in Santa Monica, California, with offices in the U.S. in New York, New Jersey, Pittsburgh, Chicago and Denver as well as internationally in London, Singapore, Amsterdam, Melbourne, Suzhou and Hong Kong. Wilshire was founded in 1972 by Dennis Tito, who was an early pioneer of applying computer-based technologies to investment applications. Since the early 1970s, the firm developed from a technology firm into an investment management operation. In 1974, the firm created its signature Wilshire 5000 Stock index, which is a widely used index of all stocks actively traded in the United States. Wilshire established an early reputation by creating the first asset/liability model for pension funds in the 1970s, ten years before actuarial and accounting firms began to adopt this technology. Wilshire was also among the first to produce investment management tools to create index funds, optimize portfolios, construct bond portfolios and measure performance. In 1981, Wilshire launched its investment consulting business to address the needs of the plan sponsor community providing support for the pensions' investment professionals. Also in the early 1980s, Wilshire began to develop its own investment products. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Wilshire began to expand its investment activities into private market investments creating a series of private equity and venture capital product offerings. In 2003, Wilshire was targeted by New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in connection to its trading practices as part of a wide ranging 2003 investigation of mutual funds. Wilshire operates from four main business units. Wilshire's Analytics Division provides the firm's investment technology products including desktop applications for investment managers. The Wilshire Quantum Series is Wilshire Analytics' family of software for investment accounting, performance measurement, performance attribution, risk management, portfolio optimization, trade order management, and other marketing and client servicing support for multi-currency portfolios. Wilshire's Consulting division provides investment consulting services including asset allocation, investment structure, manager search and performance measurement to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations, and insurance companies. Wilshire provides consulting services to more than 125 clients with total assets in excess of $1 trillion. Wilshire Funds Management provides customized hedge fund of funds solutions for third-party intermediaries servicing retail and institutional investors. Wilshire supports its clients distribution of various white label investment products, acting as an investment advisor or sub-advisor and develops customized products for these clients. Wilshire also provides proprietary manager research capabilities. Among the white label investment products that Wilshire offers are: Wilshire's Private Markets division manages in excess of $6.5 billion across a range of fund of funds vehicles dedicated to private equity and venture capital funds. Wilshire often structures its investment mandates to meet specific objectives. Wilshire's attempts to select top quartile partnership private equity managers using top down research, a forward calendar to identify top tier general partners, rigorous due diligence of fund commitments and active portfolio monitoring. </doc> <doc id="2337014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337014" title="Black Hills State University"> Black Hills State University Black Hills State University (BHSU) is a public university in Spearfish, South Dakota. Close to 4,500 students attend classes at its campus in Spearfish, at sites in Rapid City and Pierre, and through distance offerings. Enrollment comes from all 66 counties in South Dakota, 44 states, and 29 countries. BHSU is governed by the South Dakota Board of Regents. The predecessor to Black Hills State University operated from 1881 to 1883 and was called Dakota College or Dakota Academy. Dakota College was funded by the Congregational Church and was not affiliated with BHSU. In 1883, in support for a new normal school, John Mauer put up a plot of land west of Spearfish Creek for sale for $800. Joseph Ramsdell collected money from donors and bought the land for $790.85. John Wolzmuth, Frank J. Washabaugh, and E.M. Bowman also gathered funds for the school. Established by the Dakota Territorial Legislature, the new school was called Dakota Territorial Normal School, and a temporary building was constructed in late 1883. Van Buren Baker became the first administrator and teacher at the school on April 14, 1884; he left Spearfish in December after leaving the school nearly bankrupt. The school reopened in September 1885 under the leadership of Fayette Cook; 70 students were enrolled at that time. The coursework initially consisted of high school classes and one year beyond high school. The Normal School Main Building was constructed in 1887 and stood until 1925. A laboratory school was opened in 1895 and lasted until 1963. By 1924, the school was authorized to adopt a four-year curriculum leading to a Bachelor of Science in Education degree. As a result of the outbreak of World War II in Europe, BHSU created a 12-week civil aeronautics course, which had 44 graduates in its first year. Most of the graduates went directly to the military. When the US entered the war in 1941, the course was cut down to eight weeks. Known informally as a teacher's college during the 1920s and 1930s, the name was officially changed to Black Hills Teachers College in 1941. During Russel E. Jonas's presidency from 1942 to 1967, several new additions to the campus were made, including new dorms, an additional library, and a three-story classroom building. On July 1, 1964, in recognition of the broadening educational opportunities offered by the college, the legislature officially changed the name to Black Hills State College. BHSU had its first enrollment of 2,000 students for the 1968–1969 academic year; this was partially due to draft evasion by men during the Vietnam War. In October 1969 students protested on campus against the war. The local Veterans Club chartered an airplane to drop leaflets that read "America, love it or leave it" on the protesting students. In 1970, Richard Gibb of the South Dakota higher education commission proposed that BHSU be changed from a four-year college and into a junior college under a larger university system to be established in Rapid City; he also proposed that the secondary teachers' masters program be scrapped. The legislative branch of Spearfish, along with contemporary BHSU president Meredith Freeman, argued that population growth made it necessary for BHSU to remain an independent four-year university, and that financial complications might arise as a result of the change. The Board of Regents ruled that while BHSU would remain a four-year college, the master's program would be withdrawn. As a result, summer enrollment, especially by education majors, dropped significantly. An additional library that included an art gallery and museum exhibits was opened in 1973. George H. W. Bush visited BHSU during his campaign for President of the United States and drew controversy when, asked if he believed that the Black Hills should be returned to the Lakota people, he replied that he did not. The state legislature changed the college's name to Black Hills State University, effective July 1, 1989. Additions to the campus during the 1990s included housing for married students, the Donald E. Young Sports and Fitness Center, and an expansion on the student union. Additions to campus during the 2000s included campus beautification of the walkway between Meier Hall, Woodburn Hall, and the Young Center; the Flickema Gardens; expansion of the David B. Miller Yellow Jacket Student Union; the Joy (Proctor) Krautschun Alumni/Foundation Welcome Center; Crow Peak Residence Hall, remodel of Jonas Science Building, and a new residence for the University President. In 1991, 15 students participated in Operation Desert Storm, and none were injured. Dr. Tom Jackson, Jr., became the university's tenth president in July 2014. Prior to BHSU, Jackson served as vice president for student affairs at the University of Louisville, Kentucky. In his first State of the University address given in August 2014, Jackson focused on four areas: student success, faculty teaching and research, external relations, and global education. Jackson was named one of the top "Rising Accounts of Higher Education Presidents to Follow on Twitter" in a national blog. Black Hills State University is organized into three colleges: the College of Liberal Arts, the College of Business and Natural Sciences, and the College of Education and Behavioral Sciences. The university offers a number of degrees to students including over 80 majors and minors, 9 master's degree programs, 6 associate degree programs, and 20 pre-professional programs. The College of Liberal Arts is divided into two Schools: the School of Arts and Humanities and the School of Math and Social Sciences. The mission of the College of Liberal Arts is to prepare undergraduate students for public school teaching, graduate school, law school, or many other occupations with degrees in Graphic Design and Communication, Music, Mass Communication, American Indian Studies, Political Science, and History. The college also offers services for students such as the Writing Assistance Center and the Math Assistance Center. These experiences develop valuable skills in critical thinking, analysis, synthesis, the use of scientific method and oral and written communications as well as a greater understanding and appreciation for different cultures and international issues. Along with classroom instruction, the college fosters research and other creative activities between faculty and students through mentored research and creative work. The college supports alliances that form bridges to the outside community through its Center for American Indian Studies (CAIS) and Center for Conservation of Biological Resources (CCBR). Finally, the college contributes to the progress of the university, serves the needs of relevant disciplines and professions, and enhances the quality of life in our state and region through service activities. The College of Business and Natural Sciences is organized in two Schools: the School of Business and the School of Natural Sciences. The mission of the College of Business and Natural Sciences at Black Hills State University is to develop business and natural science graduates who can compete effectively in a dynamic global environment through innovative instruction, mentoring, research, and service in degree programs such as Business Administration, Professional Accountancy, Applied Health Sciences, Biology and Chemistry. The Department of Military Science is also housed in the college. To further support the college and its mission, the South Dakota Center for Enterprise Opportunity (SD CEO); the Center for Economic Education (CEE); the Center for Business, Entrepreneurship, and Tourism (CBET); the South Dakota Small Business Innovation Research Program; WestCore; Black Hills Herbarium; and the Center for the Conservation of Biological Resources (CCBR) provide outreach and service to the local community, state, and region. The College of Education and Behavioral Sciences is organized into two Schools: the School of Education and the School of Behavioral Sciences. The mission of the College is to provide a student-centered and supportive environment for students to learn and to prepare for successful careers through a degree in Psychology, Sociology, Human Services, Exercise Science, Outdoor Education, Physical Education, Elementary Education, Special Education, or Middle Level and High School Teaching. Students in the college have the opportunity to partake in field placements, internships, and mentored research opportunities. The university is accredited by the Commission on Institutions of Higher Education of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, the National Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Education, and the National Association of Schools of Music. The university is also a member of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU) and the National Commission on Accrediting (ACU). The Black Hills State University campus consists of and 20 main buildings in addition to Ida Henton Park and Lyle Hare Stadium. Construction was completed in 2009 for the Student Union expansion that has more than doubled the amount of space available for students. An $8-million science building opened in 2011. The science building is located west of the current Jonas Science wing. Clare and Josef Meier Hall, a state-of-the-art a music and classroom building, was added in the center of campus in 2003. This building includes a 280-seat recital hall, choir and band rooms, faculty studios, classrooms, soundproof practice rooms, conference rooms, instrument storage areas, keyboard, listening and piano labs and faculty offices. A majority of the university's instructional programs and offices are housed in Woodburn Hall, Wenona Cook Hall, Jonas Hall, and the Donald E. Young Sports and Fitness Center. The E.Y. Berry Library-Learning Center, the first South Dakota library to implement electronic catalog system, contains learning resources, both print and electronic. Six residence halls and an eight-building apartment complex accommodate nearly 1000 students. The David B. Miller Yellow Jacket Student Union serves the social and recreational needs of the students. The Donald E. Young Sports and Fitness Center provides fitness facilities and an aquatics center, as well as classrooms and faculty offices. The Joy (Proctor) Krautschun Alumni Foundation Welcome Center offers space for alumni, students and the community to hold campus and community meetings and events. In 2017, the University re-graded a steep hill to a gentle slope on the southwest side of campus. This extensive landscaping project created the opportunity for an ADA-accessible walkway connecting campus with the Spearfish community along St. Joe Street. The sidewalk adjoins the city walk/bike path and leads to the campus green that is used for campus and community events. On April 24, 2017, Black Hills State University officially named the newly-renovated hillside on campus "Oyate Wicaka Wita," (pronounced Ohyah'tay weecha'ka Weeta) a Lakota name meaning People/Nation Gathering Place. The athletic teams of BHSU are known as the Yellow Jackets. The university is a member of the NCAA and participates in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference (RMAC). BHSU rodeo teams are members of the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association (NIRA). BHSU is home to the student-run radio station KBHU-FM, TV station KBHU-TV and student newspaper "The Jacket Journal". </doc> <doc id="2337015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337015" title="Gypsisol"> Gypsisol Gypsisols in the World Reference Base for Soil Resources (WRB) are soils with substantial secondary accumulation of gypsum (CaSO.2HO). They are found in the driest parts of the arid climate zone.In the USDA soil taxonomy they are classified as Gypsids (USDA Soil Taxonomy), in the Russian soil classification they are called "Desert soils" (USSR). Gypsisols are developed in mostly unconsolidated alluvial, colluvial and aeolian deposits of base-rich weathering material. They are found on level to hilly land in arid regions. The natural vegetation is sparse and dominated by xerophytic shrubs and trees and/or ephemeral grasses These soils have ABC profiles. Accumulation of calcium sulphate, with or without carbonates, is concentrated in and below the B horizon. Deep Gypsisols located close to water resources can be planted to a wide range of crops. Yields are severely depressed where a petrogypsic horizon occurs at shallow depth. Nutrient imbalance, stoniness, and uneven subsidence of the land surface upon dissolution of gypsum in percolating (irrigation) water are further limitations. Irrigation canals must be lined to prevent the canal walls from caving in. Large areas of Gypsisols are in use for low volume grazing. Gypsisols are exclusive to arid regions; their worldwide extent is probably of the order of 100 million hectares. Major occurrences are in and around Mesopotamia in desert areas in the Middle East and adjacent central Asian republics, in the Libyan and Namib deserts, in southeast and central Australia and in the southwestern United States. </doc> <doc id="2337021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337021" title="KOMP"> KOMP KOMP may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337026" title="Rory (disambiguation)"> Rory (disambiguation) Rory is a male given name of Gaelic origin. Rory may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337029" title="European Parliament Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs"> European Parliament Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs The Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) is a standing committee of the European Parliament that is responsible for protecting civil liberties and human rights, including those of minorities, as listed in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Claude Moraes, a British Indian Labour MEP. Specifically, the committee deals with data protection issues; asylum, migration, and "integrated management of the common borders"; and the EU approach to criminal law", including police and judicial cooperation and terrorism, all while ensuring that the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality are respected. Additionally, it oversees several agencies of the European Union, including the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction and the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, Europol, Eurojust, the European Police College (Cepol), the European Public Prosecutor’s Office and other such agencies. However, its purview does not include gender-based discrimination, which is overseen by the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, and employment discrimination, which is overseen by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. Udo Voigt, the former leader of the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) who has praised Adolf Hitler, joined the committee as a non-attached member in July 2014, sparking outrage from European Parliament President Martin Schulz, the European Jewish Congress, and the European Network Against Racism, among others. Jan Philipp Albrecht, a German Green Party member and vice chair of the committee, expressed doubt about Voigt's ability to significantly influence the legislative process, but he did concede that "his presence could lead the public to question the European Parliament". </doc> <doc id="2337030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337030" title="Richard Nash"> Richard Nash Richard Nash may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337035" title="Allison Feaster"> Allison Feaster Allison Sharlene Feaster-Strong (born February 11, 1976) is a retired American professional basketball player. Feaster-Strong played in the Women's National Basketball Association from 1998 through 2008, for the Los Angeles Sparks, Charlotte Sting, and Indiana Fever. She played professionally in Europe from 1998 through 2016 for teams in Portugal, France, Spain, and Italy. She retired from professional basketball on August 8, 2016. Feaster-Strong attended Harvard College, graduating in 1998 with a degree in Economics, and setting multiple Ivy League women's basketball records along the way. She was selected as a first-team All-Ivy League player each of her four years, and was the first athlete in any sport to be honored as Ivy League Player of the Year three times, after also having been Ivy League Rookie of the Year. Allison Sharlene Feaster was born February 11, 1976, in Chester, South Carolina to William Preston Feaster III and Sandra Feaster. Nicknamed "Charley," Feaster began playing basketball at the age of seven. She tried out for her high school team as a 5 foot, 9 inch seventh grader, and made the team as a starter. Feaster's parents separated when she was in fifth grade, and she has credited her mother, who returned to college herself around the time of the separation, with instilling the importance of academics. Feaster ultimately graduated as valedictorian of her high school class, and turned down athletic scholarships so that she could determine her own academic focus during her college years. Feaster-Strong is married to Danny Strong, her high school sweetheart, who also played college basketball, at North Carolina State University, and has a daughter, Sarah, born in February, 2006. The couple both played in Europe during the WNBA's off-season, and after several years playing in France they were naturalized as French citizens. Feaster-Strong has competed under the name Allison Feaster in the WNBA and as Allison Feaster-Strong overseas. In August 2012 Feaster-Strong traveled to Myanmar, and in August 2014 to the Philippines, as a SportsUnited Sports Envoy for the U.S. Department of State. She worked with Derrick Alston, Erik Spoelstra, Richard Cho, Darvin Ham, and Marty Conlon to conduct basketball clinics and events for youth and women from underserved areas. Feaster-Strong graduated first in her class from Chester High School, in Chester, South Carolina, having won a state basketball championship (in 1993), two South Carolina Player of the Year awards (in 1993 and 1994), and multiple All-American Basketball Team honors ("Parade", 1994; Street & Smith, 1993 & 1994). She began playing high school basketball in the seventh grade, and received her first All-State honors as an eighth grader. Feaster-Strong was the leading scorer (male or female) in South Carolina high school basketball history until January 3, 2003, when her record of 3,427 points was broken by Ivory Latta. Upon joining the Harvard team in 1994, Feaster-Strong was an immediate star, averaging 17.0 points and a league-leading 11.8 rebounds per game. She was selected to the All-Ivy first team and was unanimously voted the league's Rookie of the Year. As a sophomore, Feaster-Strong averaged 18.1 points and 10.1 rebounds per game and was honored as Ivy League Player of the Year, as the Crimson won the first of three consecutive league championships. With the championship, the team secured its first-ever berth in the NCAA Tournament. Although they led 41-40 at the half, the 14th-seeded Crimson lost their first round game to the Vanderbilt Commodores, 100-83. Feaster-Strong led the Crimson in almost every statistical category in her junior season. She increased her scoring average to 21.8 points per game and her rebounding to 10.8 per game, while also leading the team in steals, blocks, three-point field goals, and shooting percentage. She was again Ivy League Player of the Year. The 1996-97 Crimson were the first women's basketball team ever to go undefeated in Ivy League play (14-0; 20-6 overall), but were a No. 16 seed in the NCAA Tournament, and lost their opening round game at Carmichael Arena to the North Carolina Tar Heels. In her senior year at Harvard, Feaster-Strong led the nation in scoring, at 28.5 points per game, was 14th in rebounding (10.8 per game), and 16th in steals (3.3 per game). She was again honored as Ivy League Player of the Year and was also selected to the Kodak Division I Women's All-America Basketball Team. Despite a 22-4 record, the Ivy League champion Crimson were again a No. 16 seed for the NCAA Tournament. They played the No. 1 seeded Stanford Cardinal on Maples Pavilion, Stanford's home floor. When Harvard won the game, 71-67, backed by 35 points and 13 rebounds from Feaster-Strong, they became (until UMBC's defeat of UVA in 2018) the only No. 16 seed in the history of the NCAA men's or women's Division I basketball tournament to defeat a No. 1 seed in the first round. No other team seeded lower than No. 13 has ever won a game in the women's NCAA Tournament. Feaster-Strong finished her college career with 2,312 points (second all-time in the Ivy League), 1,157 rebounds (third all-time in the Ivy League), and 290 steals (third all-time in the Ivy League). She has been identified by several sources as the greatest women's basketball player in the history of the league and was one of five players chosen for the Ivy League all-time women's basketball team in 2015. She remains, as of 2016, one of only two Ivy League players ever to score 2,000 points and record 1,000 rebounds in a career; the other is Bill Bradley. Feaster-Strong was the first Ivy League player ever selected in the WNBA draft (the second was Blake Dietrick, 16 years later), and until July 5, 2016, when Dietrick signed the first of two seven-day contracts with the San Antonio Stars, Feaster-Strong was the only Ivy League graduate to appear on a WNBA roster or play in the league. Like many WNBA players, Feaster-Strong has played in Europe from fall to spring. Her longest tours have been in France (with Aix-en-Provence and Valenciennes, from 1999-2005) and in Spain (with several teams, from 2006-2008 and 2011-2016). Feaster-Strong's Valenciennes team won the French League title for four years straight from 2001-02 through 2004-05 and won the EuroLeague Women title in 2001-02 and 2003-04. Her Ros Casares Valencia team was the EuroLeague runner-up in 2006-07. C.B. Alcobendas announced on August 8, 2016, that Feaster-Strong had retired from professional basketball. Listed at 5 feet, 11 inches, Feaster-Strong was originally drafted by the Los Angeles Sparks as the fifth overall selection in the first round of the 1998 WNBA Draft. However, she broke her foot three games into her rookie season, missing the rest of the year. She principally played off the bench during her three seasons for the Sparks, averaging between 12.8 and 14.7 minutes per game. The Sparks lost in the Western Conference Finals in both 1999 and 2000. On October 11, 2000, Feaster-Strong was traded to the Charlotte Sting along with center Clarisse Machanguana in exchange for Rhonda Mapp and E.C. Hill. Feaster-Strong had a larger role with Charlotte, starting all but one game from 2001 through her maternity leave in 2005, and becoming a significant contributor in the Sting's run to the WNBA Finals in 2001. She was in the top five in the league in three-point field goals and attempts from 2001 through 2003, leading in three-pointers made in 2002 and in attempts in 2003. She was second in the league in offensive rating (118.3) and third in offensive win shares (4.1) in 2002. Although Feaster-Strong was on the roster of the Charlotte Sting when the team folded in January 2007, she was not included in the dispersal draft that followed, because she had become an unrestricted free agent at the end of the 2006 season. After sitting out the 2007 WNBA season Feaster-Strong signed with the Indiana Fever in March 2008. Feaster-Strong played 33 games for the Fever in 2008, all off the bench. On April 20, 2009, the Fever waived her. After retiring from basketball in 2016, Feaster-Strong enrolled in the NBA's Basketball Operations Associate Program, completing the one-year program in 2017, and upon completion, took a job as Manager of Player Personnel & Coach Relations in the NBA G-League. </doc> <doc id="2337036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337036" title="Modern Arab Association"> Modern Arab Association The Modern Arab Association is an Egyptian publishing house. Established in 1960, it published school books till 1984, when it started publishing a various collection of novel series in the Arabic language under the name "Egyptian Pocket Novels", (also known as Rewayat). The series was particularly popular "during the 1980s and 1990s" The Modern Arab Association has been the official publisher and distributor of Rewayat to all over the Arabic-speaking world. The publishing house's owner and current manager is Hamdi Mustafa. </doc> <doc id="2337040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337040" title="Greenlawn Cemetery"> Greenlawn Cemetery Greenlawn Cemetery may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337048" title="Etec Systems, Inc."> Etec Systems, Inc. Etec Systems was an American producer of scanning electron microscopes, electron beam lithography tools, and laser beam lithography tools from 1970 until 2005. It was located in Hayward, California, and Hillsboro, Oregon. Etec Corporation of Hayward, California, was formed in 1970 as a producer of scanning electron microscopes (SEMs), but later became a producer of electron beam lithography tools, and SEM manufacture was discontinued. Etec later merged with ATEQ of Beaverton, Oregon (Portland area), which manufactured laser beam lithography tools. The combined company was named "Etec Systems" and offered a portfolio of lithography relying on both electron and laser beams. These products targeted the photomasks and reticles used in integrated circuit manufacturing. In 1999 the Beaverton, Oregon portion of the company was moved to Hillsboro, Oregon. Etec was purchased by Applied Materials in 2000, and organized within the Applied Materials corporation as an autonomous business group. In 2000, Etec employed 600 workers in Hayward. In 2002, Applied Materials announced it was reviewing a plan to shut down Etec. Etec Systems was shut down by parent company Applied Materials in October 2005. Originally formed in 1970, Etec produced scanning electron microscopes of very high quality; many instruments are still working well 30 years later. Designed by Nelson Yew, the Autoscan has produced excellent images, outperforming modern instruments subject to digital noise and other problems. As the MEBES became the major product, the company was bought by Perkin Elmer, and the SEM manufacture was discontinued. Some time after 2002 the product line that constituted the original Etec offering (MEBES – Manufacturing Electron Beam Exposure System) was discontinued. Most MEBES III tools have been decommissioned in favour of Etec CORE and ALTA laser lithography tools, which have a faster throughput and use a more environmentally friendly IP3500 type resist which does not require a solvent-based development process. However, there continue to be a number of MEBES III and IV in use throughout the world currently. With the demise of Etec in 2005, the Etec line of laser-based lithography tools was thought to be discontinued by Applied Materials. This left a Swedish firm Micronic AB and a German firm Heidelberg Instruments in an essentially global position of laser-based mask-making solutions. However, the demand for the latest version of their laser lithography tool has allowed it to be still available on an order-by-order basis. </doc> <doc id="2337070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337070" title="Freighting"> Freighting Freighting refers to the hauling of cargo, historically, using a dog team to mush goods cross-country. During the North American gold rushes, such as the Klondike Gold Rush, dogs were valuable draft animals, going where horses could not and withstanding harsher weather. Dog teams were commonly used for transportation and in Canada and Alaska were used to deliver the mail during the winter. Large teams of sturdy dogs were required to haul the heavy loads. With the advent of air mail in the 1920s, mail delivery by dog team became outmoded, and gradually the mail runs became fewer until the last regular mail freighting route in Canada was shut down in the 1960s and in 1963 in the United States. The dog sport of weight pulling is a modern adaptation of freighting. </doc> <doc id="2337101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337101" title="Boonesborough"> Boonesborough Boonesborough or Boonesboro may refer to a place in the United States: </doc> <doc id="2337117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337117" title="Saranyu"> Saranyu Sandhya ('), Saranya, or Saraniya (also known as Sanjana, Sangya, Randal, Ravi Randal) is the wife of Surya, the twin of Trisiras, and the goddess of clouds in Hindu mythology, the mother of Revant and the twin Asvins (the Indian Dioscuri). She is also the mother of Manu, and of the twins Yama and Yami. According to Farnell, the meaning of the epithet is to be sought in the original conception of Erinys, which was akin to Ge. ' is the female form of the adjective ', meaning "quick, fleet, nimble", used for rivers and wind in the Rigveda (compare also Sarayu). Saranyu has been described as "the swift-speeding storm cloud". </doc> <doc id="2337119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337119" title="Kevin McCarthy (California politician)"> Kevin McCarthy (California politician) Kevin Owen McCarthy (born January 26, 1965) is an American politician serving as the House Majority Leader since 2014 and U.S. Representative for California's 23rd congressional district since 2013. He previously served as the U.S. Representative for California's 22nd congressional district from 2007 to 2013. A member of the Republican Party, he was formerly chairman of the California Young Republicans and the Young Republican National Federation. McCarthy worked as district director for U.S. Representative Bill Thomas, and in 2000 was elected as a trustee to the Kern Community College District. He then served in the California State Assembly from 2002 to 2006, the last two years as Minority Leader. When Thomas retired from the U.S. House in 2006, McCarthy ran to succeed him and won the election. The 23rd district, numbered as the 22nd district from 2007 to 2013, is based in Bakersfield and includes large sections of Kern County and Tulare County as well as part of the Quartz Hill neighborhood in northwest Los Angeles County. McCarthy was elected to House leadership as the Republican Chief Deputy Whip, from 2009 to 2011, and House Majority Whip, from 2011 until August 2014, when he was elected House Majority Leader to replace the outgoing Eric Cantor, who was defeated in his primary election. After announcing his candidacy for Speaker on September 28, 2015, he dropped out of the race on October 8. McCarthy was born in Bakersfield, California, the son of Roberta Darlene (née Palladino; November 16, 1940–), a homemaker, and Owen McCarthy (June 12, 1941–), an assistant city fire chief. McCarthy is a fourth-generation resident of Kern County. He is the first Republican in his immediate family, as his parents were members of the Democratic Party. He attended California State University, Bakersfield, where he obtained a B.S. in marketing in 1989 and an M.B.A. in 1994. In 1995, he was chairman of the California Young Republicans. From 1999 to 2001, he was chairman of the Young Republican National Federation. From the late 1990s until 2000, he was district director for U.S. Representative Bill Thomas, who, at the time, chaired the House Ways and Means Committee. McCarthy won his first election in 2000, as a Kern Community College District trustee. McCarthy was elected to the California State Assembly in 2002, becoming Republican floor leader during his freshman term in 2003. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2006. McCarthy entered the Republican primary for California's 22nd District after his former boss, Bill Thomas, announced his retirement. He won the three-way Republican primary—the real contest in this heavily Republican district—with 85 percent of the vote. He then won the general election with 70.7% of the vote. McCarthy was unopposed for a second term. He was virtually unopposed, winning 98.8% of the vote, with opposition coming only from a write-in candidate. Redistricting before the 2012 election resulted in McCarthy's district being renumbered as the 23rd District. It became somewhat more compact, losing its share of the Central Coast while picking up large parts of Tulare County. This district was as heavily Republican as its predecessor, and McCarthy won a fourth term with 73.2% of the vote vs. 26.8% for independent, No Party Preference (NPP) opponent, Terry Phillips. In his bid for a fifth term, McCarthy faced a Democratic challenger for the first time since his initial run for the seat, Raul Garcia. However, McCarthy was reelected with 74.8% of the vote. McCarthy won re-election to a sixth term in 2016 with 69.2% of the vote in the general election; the opposing candidate, Wendy Reed, Democratic Party candidate, received 30.8% of the vote. As a freshman congressman, McCarthy was appointed to the Republican steering committee. Republican leader John Boehner appointed him chairman of the Republican platform committee during the committee's meetings in Minneapolis in August 2008, which produced the Republican Party Platform for 2008. He was also one of the three founding members of the GOP Young Guns Program. After the 2008 elections, he was chosen as chief deputy minority whip, the highest-ranking appointed position in the House Republican Conference. His predecessor, Eric Cantor, was named minority whip. On November 17, 2010, he was selected by the House Republican Conference to be the House majority whip in the 112th Congress. In this post, he was the third-ranking House Republican, behind House speaker John Boehner and majority leader Eric Cantor. In August 2011, McCarthy and Cantor led a group of 30 Republican members of Congress to Israel, where some members (several after drinking) took part in a late-night swim in the Sea of Galilee, including one member—Representative Kevin Yoder of Kansas—who swam nude. When McCarthy and Cantor later found out about the swim, they "were furious" and worried about negative news coverage, and "called a members-only meeting the next morning to reprimand the group – both those who swam and those who abstained." In 2012, McCarthy's office reported spending $99,000 on pastries, bottled water, and other food items, making him the highest-spending member of the House in this category. Cantor lost the June 2014 primary for his seat in Congress, and announced he would step down from House leadership at the end of July. McCarthy sought to succeed Cantor, and after some speculation that representatives Pete Sessions and Jeb Hensarling would challenge him, both dropped out leaving a clear path for McCarthy to become House majority leader. On June 13, representative Raul Labrador announced he would also seek the leadership position. On June 19, the Republican caucus elected McCarthy as majority leader. According to the University of Minnesota's Humphrey School of Public Affairs, McCarthy is the least-tenured majority leader in the history of the House of Representatives. When he assumed the majority leadership position in July 2014, he had served only seven years, six months and 29 days, the least experience of any floor leader in the House's history by more than a year. McCarthy kept four of his predecessor's staff members on his staff when he took over as majority leader, including deputy chief of staff Neil Bradley, who now has served in that role for three majority leaders. McCarthy has been under fire for avoiding meetings and town-hall events with constituents in his congressional district for years. His last town hall was in June 2010. He has opted for screened telephone calls since. In December 2017, McCarthy voted in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. After the vote, McCarthy asked his constituents to "Come February, check your check, because that will be the pay raise of the vote for Donald Trump." On September 25, 2015, John Boehner announced his intention to resign as Speaker effective October 30, 2015. Many media outlets speculated that McCarthy would likely replace him, and Boehner himself stated that McCarthy "would make an excellent speaker." He was the presumptive successor to the outgoing Speaker. On Monday, September 28, McCarthy formally announced his candidacy. Having held congressional office for less than nine years, McCarthy would have been the Speaker with the least time in Congress since 1891. On October 8, 2015, as Republicans were preparing to vote, McCarthy unexpectedly dropped out of the race, saying that Republicans needed a fresh face who could unite the caucus and "I am not that guy." He added that he would remain on as Majority Leader. He reportedly had concluded that he did not have the 218 votes that would be required to be elected Speaker. Previously, Representative Walter B. Jones, Jr. had sent a letter to the Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers stating that any candidates for a leadership position with "misdeeds" should withdraw from the race. Jones has stated that his comment did not specifically refer to McCarthy. It was widely seen as referring to rumors that McCarthy had been committing an extramarital affair with fellow Representative, Renee Ellmers, a rumor that both have denied; the basis for such an allegation and interpretation is unclear. In a September 29, 2015 interview with Fox News's Sean Hannity, McCarthy was asked what the Republicans had accomplished in Congress. He replied by talking about the House of Representatives' special panel investigation into the incident when Islamic militants attacked the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi in 2012. Republicans said the purpose of the government-funded committee was purely to investigate the deaths of four Americans. But McCarthy said, "Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. Why? Because she's untrustable. But no one would have known any of that had happened, had we not fought." Many media outlets and Democratic lawmakers interpreted this comment as an admission that the investigation was a partisan political undertaking rather than a substantive inquiry. Some commentators described his remark as a classic "Kinsley gaffe," defined as when a politician accidentally tells the truth. Several days later, McCarthy followed up on his comments and said that "Benghazi is not political. It was created for one purpose and one purpose only — to find the truth on behalf of the families of four dead Americans ... The integrity of Chairman Gowdy, the Committee and the work they've accomplished is beyond reproach. The serious questions Secretary Clinton faces are due entirely to her own decision to put classified information at risk and endanger our national security ... I've been very clear about this. And don't use politics to try to change this around. I could have been more clear in my description of what was going forward." On June 15, 2016, McCarthy told a group of Republicans, "There's two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump. Swear to God." Paul Ryan reminded colleagues the meeting was off the record, saying "No leaks. This is how we know we're a real family here." When asked about the comment, McCarthy's spokesman said that "the idea that McCarthy would assert this is absurd and false." After a tape of the comment was made public in May 2017, McCarthy claimed it was "a bad attempt at a joke". In 2003, while minority leader in the state assembly, McCarthy "support[ed] most abortion rights, but oppose[d] spending tax dollars on abortions." By 2015, however, McCarthy was a "staunch anti-abortion-rights advocate." McCarthy is a supporter of the Hyde Amendment (a provision, annually renewed by Congress since 1976, that bans federal funds for abortion), and in 2011 co-sponsored a bill, the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act," to make the Hyde Amendment permanent. This bill was especially controversial because it provided an exemption for funding terminations of pregnancies caused by only "forcible rape," which prompted abortion-rights activists to call the bill a redefinition of rape. McCarthy opposes a California state law that requires health insurance plans "to treat abortion coverage and maternity coverage neutrally and provide both," believing that this law violates the Weldon Amendment and other federal laws. McCarthy received a 100% rating from the National Right to Life Committee, and a 0% rating from NARAL Pro-Choice America. McCarthy has voted to strip about $500 million in federal funding for Planned Parenthood. McCarthy was an early supporter of Trump in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries, saying that Trump's "intensity" could help the Republicans win House seats. McCarthy is (as of 2015) frequently at odds with environmental groups; the League of Conservation Voters has given him a lifetime score of 3%. McCarthy does not accept the scientific consensus on climate change. He was a major opponent of President Obama's Clean Power Plan to reduce emissions of greenhouse gas from coal-fired power plants. He has opposed regulations on methane leaks from fossil-fuel drilling facilities, characterizing them as "bureaucratic and unnecessary.'" In 2015, McCarthy opposed the U.S.'s involvement in global efforts to combat climate change; as the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference began, McCarthy announced that he would oppose an international agreement on climate change. In 2017, McCarthy led House Republican efforts to use the Congressional Review Act to undo a number of environmental regulations enacted during the Obama administration. While McCarthy once supported the federal wind-energy production tax credit, he opposed its extension in 2014. In 2011, McCarthy was the primary author of the "Wilderness and Roadless Area Release Act" (H.R. 1581), legislation that would strip 60 million acres of public lands of protected status. Under the legislation, protections for roadless and wilderness study areas would be eliminated, and vast swaths of land opened to new industrial development (such as logging, mineral extraction, and fossil fuel extraction). The bill was strongly criticized by conservationist groups and by former Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt, who called it "the most radical, overreaching attempt to dismantle the architecture of our public land laws" that he had seen in his lifetime. In 2014, McCarthy opposed the renewal of the charter of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, as he expects the private sector to take over the role. On October 23, 2018, McCarthy tweeted that businessman George Soros, businessman Tom Steyer and former New York Mayor Mike Bloomberg, all of whom are Jewish, were trying to “buy” the upcoming election. McCarthy tweeted this a day after a pipe bomb was delivered to Soros' home. Steyer said McCarthy's tweet was a "straight-up antisemitic move." As House majority leader, McCarthy led efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA or Obamacare). In March 2017, the House Republican repeal legislation, the American Health Care Act, was pulled from the floor minutes before a scheduled vote. Following changes made during an internal Republican debate, the bill narrowly passed the House, 217-213, in a May 2017 party-line vote. The House Republican leadership's decision to hold a vote on the legislation before receiving a budget-impact analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office was controversial. The CBO subsequently issued a report estimating that the bill would cause 23 million Americans to lose health coverage, and would reduce the deficit by $119 billion over ten years. McCarthy and other House Republican leaders defended the legislation. McCarthy opposed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009, which added perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and disabilities as protected classes under existing federal hate crimes law. He has voted against the Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2007. Throughout 2018, McCarthy opposed efforts to codify the legal status of DREAMers after Trump suspended Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) which provided temporary stay for undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as minors. McCarthy opposed efforts to codify the DACA protection because he thought it would depress turnout among the Republican base in the upcoming 2018 midterms elections. According to "Politico", a DACA-type bill would also undermine McCarthy's chances of becoming House Speaker after Paul Ryan retires from Congress, as it would make it harder for McCarthy to attract the support of hard-line conservatives. In July 2018, House Democrats called for a floor vote that sought to abolish U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). House GOP leaders scrapped the latter and called for the House to vote on a resolution authored by McCarthy and Clay Higgins to support ICE. House Speaker Paul Ryan's spokeswoman said Democrats "will now have the chance to stand with the majority of Americans who support ICE and vote for this resolution", or otherwise follow "extreme voices on the far left calling for abolishment of an agency that protects us." McCarthy was a supporter of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), which barred federal recognition of same-sex marriage and banned same-sex couples from receiving federal spousal benefits; after President Barack Obama instructed the Justice Department not to defend the law in court, McCarthy supported House Republicans' legal defense of the law. When the DOMA case reached the Supreme Court in 2013, McCarthy joined Boehner and Eric Cantor in signing a brief urging the Court to uphold the law. McCarthy has a "D" rating from NORML regarding his voting record on cannabis-related matters. He voted against allowing veterans access to medical marijuana, if legal in their state, per their Veterans Health Administration doctor's recommendation. In August 2018, McCarthy co-signed a letter spearheaded by John Garamendi, Jared Huffman and Mike Thompson, calling for Trump to "send more federal aid to fight" the wildfires across the state of California. The letter, in effect requests a "major disaster declaration" across several counties affected by the fires; such a designation would "free up more federal relief" aimed at local governments and individuals affected. McCarthy introduced the FORWARD Act in 2018, which "would provide $95 million in research funding for valley fever and other fungal diseases". The bill provides $5 million for a "blockchain pilot program," facilitating sharing data netween doctors and scientists researching such diseases. It would also fund $8 million in matching grant money to be awarded every year for five years to local groups applying for research grants, as well as $10 million each year for five years to CARB-X, a U.S. Department of Health and Human Services public-private partnership. McCarthy is confident that social media platforms, such as Twitter, are actively censoring conservative politicians and their supporters. He called on Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey to testify before congress on the matter. On August 17, 2018, McCarthy submitted a tweet to suggest that conservatives were being censored by showing a screen capture of conservative commentator Laura Ingraham’s Twitter account with a sensitive content warning on one of her tweets. This warning was due to McCarthy’s own Twitter settings rather than any censorship from the platform. He refused to acknowledge this fact. McCarthy also suggested that Google was biased against Republicans due to some of its short-lived vandalism of the English Wikipedia entry on the California Republican Party that was automatically indexed in the search results. McCarthy and his wife Judy have two children. They are lifelong residents of Bakersfield. He is a former board member for the Community Action Partnership of Kern. </doc> <doc id="2337130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337130" title="Sobraon"> Sobraon Sobraon is a village in Punjab, India. It is located west to Harike village in Tarn Taran district. The Sutlej river is to the south of this village. The village is located at 31°10'39N 74°51'10E with an altitude of 192 metres (633 feet). It is famous for being the site of the Battle of Sobraon. </doc> <doc id="2337131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337131" title="Split Second (1992 film)"> Split Second (1992 film) Split Second is a 1992 American-British science fiction horror film directed by Tony Maylam and Ian Sharp. Rutger Hauer stars as a burnt-out police detective obsessively hunting down the mysterious serial killer that killed his partner several years prior. The film also features Kim Cattrall, Alastair Neil Duncan, Pete Postlethwaite, Ian Dury, and Alun Armstrong. In the year 2008, global warming and heavy rainfall has left large areas of London flooded. Rookie police officer Dick Durkin is assigned to partner with Harley Stone, a burnt-out and highly cynical veteran homicide detective who, according to his commanding officer, survives on "anxiety, coffee, and chocolate" after being unable to prevent the death of his partner by a serial killer 10 years previously. Now, the murders have begun again and the two detectives are assigned to this case. After investigating the scenes of several killings, they appear no closer to identifying the killer. Their only clues being that the murders seem to be linked to the lunar cycle, and that the killer has multiple recombinant DNA strands, having absorbed the DNA of its victims. Finally, after Stone's girlfriend, Michelle, is kidnapped, the detectives track the killer deep into the flooded and disused London Underground system and discover the truth: the killer is not human. It's a horrific and possibly demonic creature that is fast, savage, bloodthirsty, and fixated upon killing Stone just as it previously killed his partner. In fact, as the movie progresses, each killing and "appearance" of the monster is an attempt to lure Stone closer and closer. During a tense battle in and around an abandoned underground train, Michelle is found suspended over the water as bait, but Stone is able to pull the monster's heart from its chest and kill it. However, as the policemen leave the scene with Michelle in a rescue dinghy, bubbles of air are seen breaking the surface of the water, suggesting that there may be more than one monster. Screenwriter Gary Scott Thompson wrote the original script titled "Pentagram" in 1988. Although Thompson's script got him some more jobs in Hollywood, it wasn't picked up until a few years later. Laura Gregory, producer and head of Challenge Films, and production manager Susan Nicoletti discovered the script and thought it had great potential. They hired Tony Maylam to direct the film. However, they wanted Thompson to make some changes to the script. His script was an action, horror, and buddy cop film with occult overtones which took place in modern-day Los Angeles. It included a ritualistic serial killer who has committed five kills every five years for the last quarter of the century, and always leaves pentagram symbols after each murder. One of the reasons why changes were demanded is because the script was considered to be too similar to another horror thriller which came out around the same time, "The First Power" (1990). Thompson changed the script during re-writes and his new version of it, titled "Black Tide", was very close to the final film. It was set in a futuristic London which has been flooded due to the effects of global warming. This new version of the script was send to Rutger Hauer who loved it and agreed to star in the film. Though Thompson originally wrote the script with Harrison Ford in mind for the main role, he was happy that Hauer was cast as the lead. During production, the script kept getting changed. There were lot of discussions about what the main villain/creature should look like and what exactly it would be, which is why Stephen Norrington had only three weeks to design the creature. The ending also kept getting changed. Thompson was re-writing it during filming. Hauer told him to re-write the script to make it more physical and with more focus on the psychic link that his character has with the creature. Due to all the stress during production, Maylam stepped back from finishing the film so Ian Sharp and others involved in the film joined up to finish it. Sharp directed the finale which takes place in a flooded subway along with some other additional scenes, which is why he's credited as co-director in ending credits. The movie was filmed in eight weeks, between June 17 and August 9 of 1991, and was widely released in April 1992. Although it was re-titled again sometime during production from "Black Tide" into "Split Second", the movie still had several different titles in other countries, like "Killer Instinct" (in France) and "Detective Stone" (in Italy). Despite an exciting ad campaign and good word of mouth, the movie underperformed at the box office because it was released during the Los Angeles riots. Wendy Carlos, who composed the scores for "A Clockwork Orange" (1971), "The Shining" (1980) and "Tron" (1982), was hired to compose the score for "Split Second", but her score was rejected and it was changed with new score by Francis Haines and Stephen W. Parsons. Couple tracks from Carlos' rejected score were included on her compilations album "Rediscovering Lost Scores, Volume 2", both tracks were going to be used in the morgue scene. Some scenes were deleted from the film. There was a Japanese VHS version which had a couple of deleted scenes which were put back in the film. In the first one, Stone and Durkin go to Durkin's place where he talks to his girlfriend Robin (played by actress Roberta Eaton, who is still credited in the film even though her scene was deleted). Another extra scene has some more dialogue between Stone and Durkin, which included the "monster" killing a jogger and ripping his heart out. Stone and Durkin find the man's body right after. These extra scenes are included as bonus features on Blu-Ray of the film released by 101 Films. Lawrence Cohn of "Variety" wrote, ""Split Second" is an extremely stupid monster film, boasting enough violence and special effects to satisfy less-discriminating vid fans." Chris Willman of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote, "It's hard to think of a less satisfying creature feature in recent memory than the simply terrible "Split Second"." Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" called it "fairly dull". Doug Brod of "Entertainment Weekly" called it "utterly soulless and imitative". In "Time Out London", Nigel Floyd wrote, "This derivative eco-horror movie recycles dozens of disposable plots". Belgian grindcore band Aborted used an image from the film for their first album's cover "The Purity of Perversion" (1999). </doc> <doc id="2337151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337151" title="Niamh Cusack"> Niamh Cusack Niamh Cusack ( ; born 20 October 1959) is an Irish actress. Born to a family with deep roots in the performing arts, Cusack has been involved in acting since a young age. She has served with the Royal Shakespeare Company and performed in a long line of major stage productions since the mid-1980s. She has made numerous appearances on television including a long-running role as Dr. Kate Rowan in the UK series "Heartbeat" (1992–1995). She has often worked as a voice actress on radio, and her film credits include a starring role in "In Love with Alma Cogan" (2011). The daughter of the Irish actor Cyril Cusack, she is the sister of Sinéad Cusack and Sorcha Cusack, and half-sister of Catherine Cusack. She has two brothers, Paul Cusack, a television producer, and Pádraig Cusack, Producer for the Royal National Theatre of Great Britain. Cusack's husband is the actor Finbar Lynch; they have a son, Calam. Niamh Cusack originally trained as a professional flautist, winning a scholarship to train at the Royal Academy of Music working as a freelance musician with the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra and Concert Orchestra before winning a place at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama to train as an actress. Cusack left the school after one year without completing the course because she was offered her first professional acting job at the Gate Theatre in Dublin, playing the juvenile lead in their summer play. Cusack was then offered the role of Irina in Kasparov Wrede's production of "Three Sisters" at Royal Exchange, Manchester, before playing Desdemona in the Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Othello" opposite Ben Kingsley and Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet" opposite Sean Bean. Cusack came to the wider public's attention when she starred as Dr. Kate Rowan in the popular 1960s television drama series "Heartbeat" (1992–1995). Her character tragically died from leukaemia in series 5 leaving her police man husband Nick, played by Nick Berry, a widower. Kate drove a cactus green Triumph Herald in the series. Cusack was nominated in the category of Best Actress in a TV Drama in 2004 at the Irish Television and Film awards IFTA for her role in the Cartlon Television TV film "Too Good to be True". Niamh was nominated for a Whatsonstage.com Award in 2012 in the Best Supporting Actress in a Play category for her role in "Playboy of the Western World" at the Old Vic. In January 2013, she was nominated for a BBC Audio Drama Award in the Best Supporting Actress category for "The Man with Wings" by Rachel Joyce, produced by Gordon House, Goldhawk Essential Productions for Radio 4. Cusack played Molly Bloom in James Joyce's "Ulysses" for BBC Radio 4 which aired a new 9-part adaptation dramatised by Robin Brooks, produced and directed by Jeremy Mortimer. The series began on Bloomsday (16 June) 2012. In 1989 Cusack took the part of an actress, Valerie Saintclair, in the ninth episode of the first series of "Agatha Christie's Poirot" entitled "The King of Clubs." Other television acting credits also include Christine Fletcher in "Always and Everyone" (1999–2002), a British accident and emergency medical series alongside Martin Shaw; Grace Haslett in the miniseries "State of Mind" alongside Andrew Lincoln; Julie Flynn in the one off drama Rhinoceros alongside Robson Green and the small but important role of Beatrix Potter in the TV series "The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends" (1992–1995). She played Wodehouse's Bobbie Wickham in the ITV series "Jeeves and Wooster" (1990–1993). She played a character in an "Agatha Christie's Marple" series ("4:50 from Paddington", 2004), and has starred in episodes of "Midsomer Murders" (2008) and "A Touch of Frost" (2009) and the film "The Closer You Get" (2000), alongside Sean McGinle, for which she was nominated for an IFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Film. Cusack starred opposite Sean Bean in the 1986 RSC production of "Romeo and Juliet". Throughout the 1990s Cusack worked regularly on the London stage in a series of leading roles including Nora Clitheroe in Sam Mendes's acclaimed production of "The Plough and the Stars" (Young Vic) opposite Judi Dench, Rosalind in "As You Like It" (Barbican), Flora in Tom Stoppard's "Indian Ink" (Aldwych) and "The Maids" (Donmar Warehouse). In the summer of 2003, she appeared as Portia in Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice at the Chichester Festival Theatre, directed by Gale Edwards. In 2004, Cusack joined the Royal National Theatre in Nicholas Hynter's epic production of Philip Pullman's "His Dark Materials" as Serafina Pekkala alongside Anna Maxwell Martin, Ben Wishaw and Patricia Hodge. In 2007, Cusack returned to Royal National Theatre appearing in Victoria Benedictsson's "The Enchantment", and played Alison Ellis in "Crestfall" by Mark O'Rowe at Theatre503. In 2009, she played Maggie in the first major revival in London of Brian Friel's multi award-winning "Dancing at Lughnasa" alongside her husband Finbar Lynch at the Old Vic Theatre. In 2010, she played Catherine Dickens in "Andersen's English", a play by Sebastian Barry. In 2011 she appeared in "The Painter" by Rebecca Lenkiewicz, opposite Toby Jones and followed it with the role of Edith Davenport in "Cause Célèbre" by Terence Rattigan and The Widow Quin in "The Playboy of the Western World" by JM Synge, both at the Old Vic Theatre. In August 2012 Niamh Cusack rejoined the Royal National Theatre to play the role of Siobhan in the stage adaptation of Mark Haddon's book "The Curious Incident of a Dog in the Night-Time" adapted by Simon Stephens and directed by Marianne Elliott. The show premièred on 2 August 2012. It also starred Luke Treadaway as Christopher, Nicola Walker as his mother Judy, Paul Ritter as his father Ed and Una Stubbs as Mrs. Alexander. The production, which ran until late October 2012, was broadcast live to cinemas worldwide on 6 September 2012 through the National Theatre Live programme. The nominations for the 2013 Olivier Awards, which recognise excellence in professional productions staged in London, were announced on 26 March 2013; "The Curious Case of the Dog in the Night-Time" secured the most nominations with eight, including Best New Play, Best Director (Elliott), Best Actor (Treadaway), Best Actress in a Supporting Role, and other categories including Best Set Design, Best Lighting Design, Best Sound Design and Best Choreographer. The show transferred to the Apollo Theatre in Shaftesbury Avenue, London on 1 March 2013 with Cusack reprising her role of Siobhan. Following a period in film and television including the films "Testament of Youth", "Departure", "Chick Lit" and "The Ghoul" and the television series "Rebellion", Cusack returned to the London stage as Paulina in "The Winter's Tale" at the Globe and Owen McCafferty's "Unfaithful" at Found 111 in the West End. </doc> <doc id="2337157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337157" title="Sorcha Cusack"> Sorcha Cusack Sorcha Cusack () (born 9 April 1949) is an Irish actress. Her numerous television credits include playing the title role in "Jane Eyre" (1973), "Casualty" (1994–97), "Coronation Street" (2008) and "Father Brown" (2013–present). Cusack was born in Dublin, Ireland. She is the second daughter of the actors Cyril Cusack (d. 1993) and Maureen Kiely (d. 1977), her elder sister is actress Sinéad Cusack, and her younger sister is actress Niamh Cusack. She is a half-sister to Catherine Cusack. Through her sister Sinéad, she is the sister-in-law of actor Jeremy Irons and the aunt of actor Max Irons and his brother, former child actor Samuel Irons. Cusack has made many film and television appearances including also a discovery of witches 2018 "The Bill", "Casualty" (as Staff Nurse / Ward Sister Kate Wilson from 1994 to 1997), the 1973 BBC adaptation of " Jane Eyre", and the film "Snatch" (as the traveller mother of Mickey, played by Brad Pitt). In 1998, she played Mother Duck on the cartoon "The First Snow of Winter" in UK Version. She has also acted for radio, including a guest appearance in the BBC Radio 4 series "Baldi" and starring as Juno Boyle in the 2014 BBC Radio 3 production of "Juno and the Paycock". She played Helen Connor in "Coronation Street" in 2008, but because of her other acting commitments the role was played by Dearbhla Molloy when the character returned in July 2009. In 2011, Cusack played Mrs Nicholson in two episodes of the first series of "Mrs. Brown's Boys". Susie Blake took over the role for the second and third series. Despite this, she did play the part of Justice Dickie in the 2014 film "Mrs. Brown's Boys D'Movie". Since 2013 she has played Mrs McCarthy, the housekeeper and parish secretary, in the BBC adaptation of the Father Brown mysteries. In 2015, she played Bridie Stevenson in the BBC television series "River". </doc> <doc id="2337172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337172" title="3D (TLC album)"> 3D (TLC album) 3D is the fourth studio album by American girl group TLC. It was released by Arista Records on October 10, 2002 in Europe, and on November 12, 2002, in the United States, seven months after the death of Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes. The album debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200, and at number four on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, selling 143,000 copies sold in its first week of release and was met with positive reviews. The album nearly sold two million in the United States alone. "3D" earned TLC two Grammy Award nominations, and the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA in 2002. 3D produced 3 singles. The singles were "Girl Talk", peaking at 23 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart; "Hands Up", which peaked at number 7 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart and "Damaged", which managed to peak at 19 on the US Mainstream Top 40. During and after the release of "FanMail", Lopes made it known to the press on multiple occasions that she felt that she was unable to fully express herself working with TLC and Austin. Her contributions to the songs had been reduced to periodic eight-bar raps, and studio session singers such as Debra Killings often took her place on the background vocals for the group's songs. In its November 28, 1999, issue, "Entertainment Weekly" ran a letter from Lopes that challenged her group mates to record solo albums and let the fans judge which of the three was the most talented: "I challenge Tionne 'Player' Watkins (T-Boz) and Rozonda 'Hater' Thomas (Chilli) to an album entitled "The Challenge"... a 3-CD set that contains three solo albums. Each (album)... will be due to the record label by October 1, 2000... I also challenge producer Dallas 'The Manipulator' Austin to produce all of the material and do it at a fraction of his normal rate. As I think about it, I'm sure LaFace would not mind throwing in a $1.5 million dollar prize for the winner." T-Boz and Chilli declined to take up "The Challenge", though Lopes always maintained it was a great idea. Things were heated between the ladies for some time, with Thomas speaking out against Lopes, calling her antics "selfish", "evil", and "heartless". TLC then addressed these fights by saying that they were very much like sisters that have their disagreements every now and then; as Lisa stated, "It's deeper than a working relationship. We have feelings for each other, which is why we get so mad at each other. I usually say that you cannot hate someone unless you love them. So, we love each other. That's the problem." The ladies eventually settled the feud, and “The Challenge” was never followed through. After the conclusion of the successful "FanMail" tour, the ladies, however, took some time off and pursued personal interests. Lopes was the first to begin recording her solo album, "Supernova", however it underperformed internationally and was never released in the United States. During this time period, it was stated by Thomas she had begun working on a solo project and had realized that rumors of TLC's demise had taken over in the media. It was then that Thomas made a call to LaFace label-head L.A. Reid to discuss working on TLC's fourth studio album. After contacting Watkins, and soon after, Lopes, sessions for 3D had begun in the Fall of 2001. However, soon after recording had begun, sessions came to a halt, as Lopes began work on her second studio album, known as "N.I.N.A (New Identity Non Applicable)", and as Watkins was hospitalized in January 2002 due to complications stemming from her ongoing battle with sickle-cell anemia, Lopes eventually came to visit Watkins in the hospital and went back to the studio to record raps for "3D". In April 2002, as Watkins' condition improved greatly, Lopes disappeared to Honduras to do missionary work and also record a documentary film about her life. On April 25, 2002, Lopes was killed in a car crash, leaving behind material that she had recorded for both "N.I.N.A" and "3D". She was 30 years old. Watkins and Thomas decided to use three of Lopes' newly recorded raps for the album (Quickie, Girl Talk, and Who's It Gonna Be), the other songs that feature her in it were unreleased acappellas from her Supernova and N.I.N.A album sessions. The unreleased vocals were featured on the songs Quickie, Over Me and Give It To Me While It’s Hot. Watkins and Thomas decided that they would complete the remainder of their fourth album, to be called "3D", which featured production from Rodney Jerkins, The Neptunes, Raphael Saadiq, Missy Elliott and Timbaland. The decision was also made that TLC would continue on as a duo rather than replace Lopes, and they announced in 2009 that they would possibly begin recording a fifth studio album, but still refused to replace Lopes. Upon release, "3D" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from music critics, the album received an average score of 71, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 14 reviews. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic praised the album as "one of the best modern soul albums of 2002" and called it "a bittersweet triumph". He found that while "3D" "perhaps doesn't blaze trails like their other albums, it never plays it safe and it always satisfies." Andy Battaglia of "The A.V. Club" wrote that "in spite of a slim body of songs and an occasionally half-finished feel, the group stakes a solid claim to the riches of future-soul with 3D, leaving a distinct stamp on even its weakest material with gorgeous singing built around the understated grace of '60s girl groups." "Billboard" magazine found that "with "3D", TLC has crafted a fitting tribute to a departed sister", calling it "a nearly perfect collection." David Browne, writer for "Entertainment Weekly", remarked that "thanks to such hired guns as The Neptunes and Rodney Jerkins, TLC have made a better post-tragedy album than expected. "3D" is a smorgasbord of modern R&B that ranges from silky to retro." He noted however that the album "still, feels a little incomplete, like much of their work." "Rolling Stone" writer Barry Walters concluded that "the album isn't the romp it might have been had Lopes survived, but "3D" solidly embodies black pop in a year in which it has lacked a center." Dorian Lynskey from "Blender" felt that ""3D"s sheer creative vibrancy is itself a testament to Lopes's live-wire charisma", while Dimitri Ehrlich from "Vibe" noted that "while the CD is consistently well-produced and performed, the material recorded before Lopes’s death [...] is simply darker, sexier, and angrier." "3D" debuted at number six on the US "Billboard" 200, and at number four on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Selling 143,000 copies, it sold less than half of the first-week total scored by previous album "FanMail" (1999) which had opened at number one on the chart with 318,000 units. It also marked TLC's lowest-charting album since "Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip" (1992). "3D" was eventually certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America RIAA) for 1.0 million copies shipped to stores, and has sold more than 680,000 units in the United States since its release. On international music markets, "3D" failed to reach the top forty on the majority of the charts it appeared on except Canada where it managed to debut at number thirty-one on the Canadian Album Chart. Notes Sample credits </doc> <doc id="2337178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337178" title="Joan Davis"> Joan Davis Joan Davis (born Josephine Davis, June 29, 1912 – May 22, 1961) was an American comedic actress whose career spanned vaudeville, film, radio, and television. Remembered best for the 1950s television comedy "I Married Joan", Davis had a successful earlier career as a B-movie actress and a leading star of 1940s radio comedy. Born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, she was the only child of LeRoy Davis and Nina Mae (née Sinks) Davis, who were married in St. Paul on November 23, 1910. Davis had been a performer since childhood. She appeared with her husband Si Wills in vaudeville. Davis' first film was a short subject for Educational Pictures called "Way Up Thar" (1935), featuring a then-unknown Roy Rogers. Educational's distribution company, Twentieth Century-Fox, signed Davis for feature films. Tall and lanky, with a comically flat speaking voice, she became known as one of the few female physical clowns of her time. Perhaps best known for her co-starring turn with Bud Abbott and Lou Costello in "Hold That Ghost" (1941), she had a reputation for flawless physical comedy. Her pantomime sequence in "Beautiful But Broke" (1944) was a slapstick construction-site episode. She also featured in "Tail Spin" (1939) as a supporting actor, for the women's Bendix Air Race circuit. She co-starred with Eddie Cantor in two features, "Show Business" (1944) and "If You Knew Susie" (1948). Joan Davis entered radio with an August 28, 1941, appearance on "The Rudy Vallee Show" and became a regular on that show four months later. Davis then began a series of shows that established her as a top star of radio situation comedy throughout the 1940s. When Vallee left for the Coast Guard in 1943, Davis and Jack Haley became the co-hosts of the show. With a title change to "The Sealtest Village Store", Davis was the owner-operator of the store from July 8, 1943, to June 28, 1945, when she left to do "Joanie's Tea Room" on CBS from September 3, 1945, to June 23, 1947. Sponsored by Lever Brothers on behalf of Swan Soap, the premise had Davis running a tea shop in the little community of Smallville. The supporting cast featured Verna Felton. Harry von Zell was the announcer, and her head writer was Abe Burrows, formerly the head writer (and co-creator) of "Duffy's Tavern" and eventually a legendary Broadway playwright. The tea shop setting continued in "Joan Davis Time", a CBS Saturday-night series from October 11, 1947, to July 3, 1948. With Lionel Stander as the tea shop manager, the cast also included Hans Conried, Mary Jane Croft, Andy Russell, the Choraliers quintet, and John Rarig and his Orchestra. "Leave It to Joan" ran from July 4 to August 22, 1949, as a summer replacement for "Lux Radio Theater" and continued from September 9, 1949, to March 3, 1950. She was also heard on CBS July 3 through August 28, 1950. She was a frequent and popular performer on Tallulah Bankhead's legendary radio variety show, "The Big Show" (1950–52). Davis was also a regular on Eddie Cantor's "Time to Smile" program. Davis was the star of the unsold pilot "Let's Join Joanie", which was recorded in 1950. The proposed series was a television adaptation of "Leave It to Joan". When "I Love Lucy" premiered in October 1951 on CBS Television and became a top-rated TV series, sponsors wanted more of the same with another actress who was not afraid of strenuous physical comedy. "I Married Joan" premiered in 1952 on NBC, casting Davis as the manic wife of a mild-mannered community judge (Jim Backus), who got her husband into wacky jams with or without the help of a younger sister, played by her real-life daughter, Beverly Wills. "I Married Joan" did not achieve the ratings success enjoyed by "I Love Lucy", but during its first two years, it received moderately successful ratings, even cracking the top 25 for the 1953–1954 season. However, by the start of its third year, not only were the ratings beginning to slip, but Davis began experiencing heart trouble. As a result, the series was canceled in the spring of 1955. "I Married Joan" experienced greater success in off-network syndication; it was one of the earliest series to take advantage of that avenue. After Davis's death in the spring of 1961, "I Married Joan" was pulled from syndication until litigation over her estate---including her residuals from the show's syndicated reruns---could be settled in court (an issue complicated by the deaths of all of her next of kin in 1963), according to the "Los Angeles Times". In 1956, a year after "I Married Joan" had ended its primetime run, Davis was approached by ABC to star in "The Joan Davis Show". The premise of this proposed series had Davis playing a musical comedy entertainer who had raised a daughter on her own. Davis used her real name as the lead character. Veteran character actress Hope Summers was cast as Joan's housekeeper, and Wills was signed to play Joan's daughter, also named Beverly. Ray Ferrell was cast as Joan's grandson Stevie. In the pilot, Joan was introduced to her five-year-old grandson for the first time and was trying to convince Beverly, despite her hectic show-business schedule and her somewhat zany personality, that she was a loving and responsible grandmother. The pilot did not sell as a series for ABC. It was forgotten among Davis' television work until many years later when the Museum of Television and Radio in New York discovered the program and added it to its collection. On May 22, 1961, Davis died of a heart attack at the age of 48 at her home in Palm Springs, California. She was interred in the Holy Cross Cemetery mausoleum in Culver City, California. On October 24, 1963, Davis' mother, daughter Beverly Wills, and two grandchildren were all killed in a house fire in Palm Springs. Joan Davis has two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, one for her contribution to the motion picture industry at 1501 Vine Street and one for radio in the 1700 block of Vine. </doc> <doc id="2337182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337182" title="New Zealand Patriot Party"> New Zealand Patriot Party The New Zealand Patriot Party was a small far-right political party in New Zealand. It was founded by Sid Wilson, formerly the secretary and Auckland regional leader of the New Zealand National Front. Wilson failed to convince any other NZNF officials to join him, and Wilson subsequently returned to the National Front. </doc> <doc id="2337203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337203" title="Richard L. Cox"> Richard L. Cox Richard Cox is an American author. He has published four novels: "Thomas World" (2011) with Night Shade Books, "Rift" (2004), "The God Particle" (2005), and "The Boys of Summer" (2016) with The Random House Publishing Group. He currently resides in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Cox was born in Odessa, Texas in 1970. He spent most of his youth in Texas, and also lived for a short time in Williston, North Dakota and New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1992 he graduated from Texas A&M University in College Station. Cox began writing short stories at the age of eleven and started work on his first novel in 1993. Over the course of eight years he collected more than seventy rejections from literary agents before one finally agreed to represent "Lightspeed" in 2002. "Lightspeed" was eventually renamed "Rift" before being published in 2004, and his second novel, "The God Particle", was published in 2005. "Thomas World" was published in 2011 and "The Boys of Summer" was published in 2016. Cox's novels are genre-bending stories that blend the mainstream thriller with speculative and science fiction. </doc> <doc id="2337207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337207" title="Roazhon Park"> Roazhon Park The Roazhon Park, until 2015 named "Stade de la Route de Lorient", is a football stadium in Rennes, Brittany, France. Roazhon means Rennes in Breton. The stadium was inaugurated on 15 September 1912. It is located at 111 route de Lorient, in west-central Rennes. Rebuilt in 2001 and able to seat 29,778, the stadium is currently the home of Stade Rennais. The stadium has hosted France men's and women's national football team matches. On 19–20 June 2016 it hosted the semifinals of the Top 14 rugby union tournament. It has also been selected as a venue for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, in which it will host six matches—four in the group stage, one in the round of 16, and one semifinal. The record attendance of 29,490 spectators was set 20 August 2005 for a Rennes – Marseille Ligue 1 match. </doc> <doc id="2337212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337212" title="Bangabhumi"> Bangabhumi Bangabhumi (, meaning the land of Bengal) also known as Bir Bongo (), is a separatist movement to create a Hindu country in southwestern Bangladesh, envisioned by Banga Sena. The movement was founded in 1973 in India soon after the independence of Bangladesh to support the Hindu refugees from Bangladesh, who were targeted by the Pakistan Army in the 1971 Bangladesh atrocities. However, this movement did not receive much support at that time. In an interview with BBC News in 2001, Chittaranjan Sutar, one of the alleged organisers of the movement, denied supporting the creation of a new nation. The movement openly became active again on 4 February 2003 when it declared the independence of Hindu Republic of Bangabhumi. </doc> <doc id="2337213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337213" title="Ladakhi"> Ladakhi Ladakhi can mean: </doc> <doc id="2337217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337217" title="Cross of Fire"> Cross of Fire Cross of Fire is a 1989 American television miniseries based on the horrific rape and murder of Madge Oberholtzer by D. C. Stephenson, a highly successful leader of the Indiana branch of Ku Klux Klan. It stars John Heard as Stephenson and Mel Harris as Oberholtzer. Lloyd Bridges is also in the cast. It was originally shown in two parts (2 hours each night). In syndication, it is shown as a television movie. Emmy Award for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Drama Miniseries or a Special-for Part 1 </doc> <doc id="2337220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337220" title="The Heart of Jade"> The Heart of Jade The Heart of Jade () is a novel by Spanish author Salvador de Madariaga, first published in 1942. It is widely regarded as an exceptional example of modern Spanish-language literature. The book is a work of historical fiction set in the late pre-Columbian age in Mexico City and depicts the daily life of the ancient Aztec people, both the commoners (servants, traders and warriors) and the upper classes (priests, nobles, and government officials). The "Mexican" section contains a great deal of Mexican symbolism, geographical, political and religious references and historical data took from various authors like Bernal Díaz del Castillo and his book "Verdadera Historia de la Conquista de la Nueva España" (in English, "True History of the Conquest of New Spain"). The novel also recounts the history and development of the Manriques, a family of Spanish nobles, and details aspects of life in 15th century Spain. The Manrique family lives through major historical events, such as the reconquest of Spain by Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile, the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492, the reception of Christopher Columbus twice at Torremala (the Family Settlement), news of the discovery of the Americas and the relationship between the family of Hernán Cortés and the Manriques. The two stories eventually merge with the meeting of the two main characters, Alonso Manrique and Xuchitl (the daughter of King Nezahualpilli of Texcoco, one of the three allied kingdoms that Cortés found at the time of his arrival). As Cortés approaches the great city of Tenochtitlan, the Mexican natives line the city's main causeway. Xuchitl is among the gathered crowds, and sees Alonso Manrique there for the first time. The Mexican set of characters struggles with love, pain, pride and hate with the Spanish group of characters during the conquest of Mexico (1519-1521) by Hernán Cortés, the fall and complete destruction of Tenochtitlan and its satellite kingdoms, and the emergence of a new nation, New Spain (now modern Mexico) out of the meeting of two great cultures: the Spanish heritage (with old Visigoth, Jewish, Moorish and Catholic roots) and the ancient native Mexican traditions (like the Olmecs, Mayans, and Toltecs). The novel deals with the "conflict between two worlds": Christian Europe and Aztec America. Both civilizations are represented by equally-committed proponents: Alonso Manrique (Europe) and Itzcauatzin (America). Both characters are soldiers and priests (symbolizing nationalism and faith). Alonso started as a priest and later became a warrior; Itzcauatzin entered an academy (Calmecac) that prepared him for both. Caught in between is Xuchitl, the Aztec princess. Whoever wins her wins the future of the Aztec civilization. Xuchitl identifies the winner by giving him the Aztec talisman known as "el corazon de piedra verde" ("the green stone heart"). This talisman was worn by her father and represents the mystic powers of the Aztec religion. Alonso won, signifying the beginning of the Christianization of Mexico. Itzcauatzin gives his life as a human sacrifice vainly trying to add enough power to the traditional religion to overcome the Europeans. In the end, Alonso and Xuchitl have a son and return to Mexico from Spain. They bring the jade heart with them, but with the Virgin Mary etched on it to counteract the stone's original powers. The novel was the first of an intended five novels —each covering a century (16th to 20th)— tracking the creation of modern Mexico through the descendants of Alonso and Xuchitl. However, only four novels were finished before Salvador de Madariaga died. </doc> <doc id="2337222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337222" title="Sybil Danning"> Sybil Danning Sybil Danning (born Sybille Johanna Danninger; May 24, 1952) is an Austrian American actress, model, and film producer. She is best known for her frequent appearances in B movies during the 1970s and 1980s. Born in Wels, Austria, Danning spent most of her childhood on military bases and traveling with her family around the world. After their return to Austria, she landed a job as a dental hygienist to support her family following her parents' divorce. At the age of sixteen, Danning left her home and relocated to Salzburg, where she enrolled at a school of cosmetology. Working as a cosmetician, Danning was soon offered fashion shows and photo layouts. She made her screen debut in the German comedy, "Komm nur, mein liebstes Vögelein" (1968), followed by the role of Kriemhild in the erotic action film, "The Long Swift Sword of Siegfried" (1971). She continued receiving small parts in films mostly based on her sex symbol image. In 1978, Danning moved to Hollywood to further her career. Her first film role was in Roger Corman's science fiction cult classic, "Battle Beyond the Stars" (1980), which helped to established her as a B-movie actress. She appeared in a number of films during the 1980s: "Chained Heat" (1983), "Hercules" (1983), "Malibu Express" (1985), "" (1985), and "Reform School Girls"' (1986). In 1990, her acting career was delayed after having an accident while rehearsing a film stunt. Suffering from a spinal disc herniation, Danning went on a hiatus from the film industry. In 2003 Danning was invited by Kevin Clemens of the Chiller Theatre, New Jersey, to meet her long-time fans. She went and was overwhelmed by fans who told her they wanted to see her on the big screen again. Chiller Theater prominently featured Danning in her first appearance after her hiatus, in its 2004 documentary, "UnConventional". The year 2007 marked Danning's return to the big screen, in a faux trailer directed by Rob Zombie titled "Werewolf Women of the SS" for Quentin Tarantino's "Grindhouse", and again in 2007 for Rob Zombie's remake of John Carpenter's original "Halloween". Danning returned to Austria in 2008 to play Patrick Swayze's witness Anna Gruber in the Philippe Halsman biopic "Jump!". She also appeared in 5 episodes of the cable TV series "The Lair" as a sinister vampire out for revenge. In 2010, Danning appeared in the horror film "Virus X". In 2011, she starred in and produced a horror music video for heavy metal/rock band The Last Vegas. From 2002 to 2003, Danning was a shareholder of the German ice hockey club SC Riessersee. As the first ever female co-owner of a German hockey team, Danning brought in three American players to the team, and saw the team return to the Vice Championship. Danning is currently looking to buy and turn around an English Football club. </doc> <doc id="2337229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337229" title="Comparative military ranks of Korea"> Comparative military ranks of Korea The Comparative military ranks of Korea are the military insignia used by the two nations on the Korean Peninsula, those being the Republic of Korea Armed Forces (South Korea) and the Korean People's Army of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea). The United States Forces Korea personnel wear the ranks and insignia used by other service personnel of the United States Armed Forces in the territories of the United States. In the South Korean armed forces, ranks fall into one of four categories: commissioned officer, warrant officer, non-commissioned officer, and enlisted, in decreasing order of authority. Commissioned officer ranks are subdivided into ""Janggwan""-level (general) officers, ""Yeonggwan""-level (field-grade) officers, and ""Wi-gwan""-level (company-grade) officers. The ranks of all three branches (the Army, Navy, and Air Force) of the South Korean Armed Forces share the same titles in Hangul. Most ranks of South and North Korea are identical, with some exceptions such as the supreme North Korean ranks. The following table lists the comparative ranks of the militaries in Korea, including their rank titles and insignia. In this table, the North Korean military rank insignia shown is that of their Army field uniform shoulder boards; their parade uniforms and uniforms of other branches use alternative color schemes with the same basic design. The South Korean likewise have subdued versions of their insignia in each of their branches. These ranks are honorary ranks and are not considered part of the main rank scheme. The shoulder boards and sleeve stripes of South Korean ranks apply only to their navies. The ROK Marine Corps does not maintains a five star "General" rank. North Korea's People's Army does not maintain a separate marine corps or naval infantry branch as part of their armed forces, although it does maintain two "Amphibious Sniper Brigades" as part of the North Korean Special Operation Force (NKSOF). North Korean insignia follow the Soviet pattern, while South Korean insignia follow a mix of United States and British rank insignia traditions. Both North Korea and South Korea share the same enlisted rank structure among all of their military branches. They also have enlisted ranks called "Corporal" and "Sergeant" in English, but they are not considered non-commissioned officer ranks, though they are treated as one if they hold an NCO position. All branches of the South Korean armed forces maintain a single Warrant Officer rank known as "Junwi". Warrant Officers fall in between non-commissioned and commissioned officers. The rank is denoted by a gold-colored "Sowi" insignia and, in the case of the South Korean Navy, a single broken sleeve stripe. The North Korean military does not maintain any equivalent Warrant Officer positions. Enlisted rank insignia differ however: The ROKAF uses a mix of American, British, and French practice while the KPA's insignia follow Soviet practice. </doc> <doc id="2337231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337231" title="Giovane scuola"> Giovane scuola The giovane scuola ("young school") refers to a group of Italian composers (mostly operatic) who succeeded Verdi and flourished in the late 19th and early 20th century. The group all had close connections with the Milan Conservatory and included Puccini, Mascagni, Leoncavallo, Giordano, Cilea, Catalani and Franchetti as well as non-operatic composers, such as Don Lorenzo Perosi, who wrote almost exclusively sacred music. Most of the operatic composers of the "giovane scuola" were also members of the verismo movement. Although they also wrote more mainstream operas, many of their works focused on "the rawness of life" and the effect of poverty on society and were characterized by an emotional rhetoric influenced by Wagner and Massenet. </doc> <doc id="2337238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337238" title="Sahib"> Sahib Sahib or Saheb (, ; Punjabi: ਸਾਹਿਬ ) is a word of Arabic origin meaning "Friend". As a loanword, it has passed into several languages, including Persian, Urdu, Hindi, Punjabi, Pashto, Bengali, Gujarati, Marathi and Somali. In English, it is especially associated with British rule in India. It can be used as a term of address, either as an official title or an honorific. Sahibzada is a princely style or title equivalent to, or referring to a young prince. This derivation using the Persian suffix "-zada(h)", literally "'born from" (or further male/female descendant; compare Shahzada) a Sahib', was also (part of) the formal style for some princes of the blood of Muslim dynasties in the Indian sub-continent, e.g.: This could be further combined, e.g.: "Sahib" means "owner" in Arabic and was commonly used in the Indian Sub-continent as a courteous term in the way that "Mister" (also derived from the word "master") and "Mrs." (derived from the word "mistress") is used in the English language. It is still used today in the Sub-continent just as "Mister" and "Mrs.", and continues to be used today by English language speakers as a polite form of address. In the British Indian Army, a British officer would address a Viceroy's commissioned officer (i.e., a native Indian officer) as "<rank> sahib" or "<name> sahib". The term "sahib" was applied indiscriminately to any person whether Indian or Non-Indian. This included Europeans who arrived in the Sub-continent as traders in the 16th Century and hence the first mention of the word in European records is in 1673. "Pukka sahib" was also a term used to signify genuine and legitimate authority, with "pukka" meaning "absolutely genuine". "Sahiba" is the authentic form of address to be used for a female. Under the British Raj, however, the word used for female members of the establishment was adapted to "memsahib", a variation of the English word "ma'am" having been added to the word "sahib". The same word is also appended to the names of Sikh gurus. The term sahib (normally pronounced "saab") was used on P&O vessels which had Indian and/or Pakistani crew to refer to officers, and in particular senior officers. On P&O Cruises and Princess Cruises vessels the term continued to be used by non-Indian/non-Pakistani junior officers to refer to the senior deck and engine officers for many years, even when no Indian or Pakistani crew featured in the ship's company. The term is used throughout the children's novel "A Little Princess" by Frances Hodgson Burnett. In Herman Cyril McNeile's 1920 novel "Bulldog Drummond", an Indian magician was performing tricks in front of a crowd and drew attention to a mysterious box. E.M. Forster also employed the term in his 1924 novel "A Passage to India". His Anglo-Indian characters refer to the Collector as Burra Sahib, implying the respect felt for him. The following dialogue in Dorothy Sayers's 1926 novel "Clouds of Witness" shows what the term implied in British society at the time. It is noteworthy that the character referred to had never been in India and had no connection with India. Jim Davis uses the term in a 1983 Garfield comic strip in which Garfield refers to Jon Arbuckle as "sahib" after Jon asks Garfield to retrieve his newspaper, and again in a 1989 strip after Jon asks Garfield to go outside and see if it's still raining. This title (pl. "musāhibān"), etymologically the active part. of to associate, or consort (with), means originally companion, associate, friend (the abstract term is "musāhabat"); not unlike the Hellenistic Greek "Philos" and the Latin "Comes" in the Roman empire, it became a title for a favourite (of a Sahib, especially a prince), and such 'personally close' positions as "aide-de-camp", in some princely states even a Minister. </doc> <doc id="2337248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337248" title="Cilea"> Cilea Cilea or CILEA may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337249" title="Gilbert Highet"> Gilbert Highet Gilbert Arthur Highet (June 22, 1906 – January 20, 1978) was a Scottish-American classicist, academic, writer, intellectual, critic and literary historian. Born in Glasgow, Scotland, Gilbert Highet is best known as a mid-20th-century teacher of the humanities in the United States. He attended Hillhead High School, Glasgow, Glasgow University and, on both a Snell and a Jenkyns Exhibition, Balliol College, Oxford. His Oxford career was distinguished by a First in Classical Moderations, 1930, an Ireland and Craven Scholarship, 1930, the Chancellor's Prize for Latin Verse, 1931, and a First in Literae Humaniores ('Greats', philosopher and ancient history) in 1932. He was appointed a fellow of St John's College, Oxford in 1932 and remained at the college until 1938 when he moved to Columbia University. He had met his wife, the well-known novelist Helen MacInnes, while they were fellow-students at Glasgow, and they married in 1932. In 1938 he was appointed to the chair of Latin & Greek at Columbia University. He stayed at Columbia until 1971 (except for British Army service during World War II). He became an American citizen in 1951, following his appointment as Anthon Professor of Latin Language and Literature in 1950. See his obituary in The Times, January 26, 1978. Highet devoted most of his energy to teaching, but he also aspired to raise the level of mass culture and achieved a broader influence by publishing essays and books, hosting his own radio program, acting as a judge for the Book-of-the-Month Club, and serving on the editorial board of "Horizon" magazine. Highet died in New York City. Like others teaching at Columbia at this time – Lionel Trilling, Mark Van Doren, Eric Bentley, Ernest Nagel – Gilbert Highet conceived of his work as the fostering of a tradition. "These are not books, lumps of lifeless paper, but 'minds' alive on the shelves," Highet wrote. He believed that "The chief aim of education is to show you, after you make a livelihood, how to enjoy living; and you can live longest and best and most rewardingly by attaining and preserving the happiness of learning." As a scholar in an era in which democracy, communism, and fascism vied for supremacy, he believed it was the duty of the intellectual to support freedom and defend pluralism. "The aim of those who try to control thought is always the same," he wrote. "They find one single explanation of the world, one system of thought and action that will (they believe) cover everything; and then they try to impose that on all thinking people." Above all, he was devoted to learning from the past. "History is a strange experience," he wrote in the introduction to an essay on Byzantium. "The world is quite small now; but history is large and deep. Sometimes you can go much farther by sitting in your own home and reading a book of history, than by getting onto a ship or an airplane and traveling a thousand miles. When you go to Mexico City through space, you find it a sort of cross between modern Madrid and modern Chicago, with additions of its own; but if you go to Mexico City through history, back only 500 years, you will find it as distant as though it were on another planet: inhabited by cultivated barbarians, sensitive and cruel, highly organized and still in the Copper Age, a collection of startling, of unbelievable contrasts." Despite this, as Highet showed above all in his masterpiece "The Classical Tradition", it was possible to discover in the past a great humanizing river of learning which connected the present to the Biblical and especially the Greek and Roman civilizations, and through his marvelously evocative, graceful prose to make one feel at home in that flow of past lives, and to long for it. Highet tended to be critical of contemporary literature, attributing to it decadent qualities. He himself was a great teacher. Robert J. Ball, in an appreciation under the heading Living Legacies published in 2001 in the "Columbia University Alumni Magazine," wrote: "When Gilbert Highet entered the classroom, one felt as though the curtain were going up on a Broadway play, with a living legend in the lead. He reminded students (not surprisingly) of a British Army officer— of the kind portrayed by Jack Hawkins in motion pictures—tall, erect, handsome, clean-shaven, and impeccably dressed. He consistently gave his audience a commanding performance, whether he spoke or sang or stood or walked, with a presence comparable to that of Laurence Olivier or John Houseman. ... With his powerful and speculative mind, he gave his students an extraordinary intellectual experience, capped by a showmanship perhaps unparalleled in the American college classroom." Highet wrote voluminously. He is remembered today for: Highet contributed a satirical essay, 'Motherhood', to "Red Rags : Essays of Hate from Oxford", ed. R.C. Carr, London : Chapman & Hall, 1933, 77-85. </doc> <doc id="2337252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337252" title="Blessed Rainy Day"> Blessed Rainy Day Blessed Rainy Day is the holiday marking the end of the monsoon season in Bhutan. On this day all natural water resources in the country are considered to be sanctifying and citizens are encouraged to take an outdoor bath to be cleansed of "bad deeds, obstructions and defilements" and accumulated bad karma. Families traditionally gather for a meal of "thup" (porridge) at breakfast time. The holiday also marks the end of the farming season and the beginning of the harvest season. Government offices, schools, and institutions are closed for the day. The most auspicious hour for the ablution is determined by astrologers in the service of the Je Khenpo, the chief abbot of the country. They refer to the Bhutanese lunar calendar (essentially the Tibetan lunar calendar), but the exact method of their calculations have not been disclosed. In 2004, they determined the preferred time to be 4:00 p.m., September 22. Citizens who are unable to bathe at the exact hour instead often rise before dawn for a brisk morning splash. Variant romanizations of the Dzongkha name of the holiday include "Thrue-Bab", "Thrie-Bab", and "Thri-Bab". The holiday was dropped from public holiday list in 2007. The Bhutan home minister restored the holiday in 2008. People would still take the day off even when its status was non-official. The 2017 date is September 22. </doc> <doc id="2337255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337255" title="John George Dodson, 1st Baron Monk Bretton"> John George Dodson, 1st Baron Monk Bretton John George Dodson, 1st Baron Monk Bretton, PC (18 October 1825 – 25 May 1897), known before 1884 as John George Dodson, was a British Liberal politician. He was Chairman of Ways and Means (Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons) between 1865 and 1872 and later held office under William Ewart Gladstone as Financial Secretary to the Treasury, President of the Local Government Board and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. In 1884 he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Monk Bretton. Dodson was the only son of the lawyer and judge Sir John Dodson, Dean of the Arches, of St. George's Hanover Square, London, and his wife Frances Priscilla, daughter of George Pearson, MD, FRS. He was educated at Eton (1837–1842), where he won HRH the Prince Consort's Prize for French and Italian in 1842, and came second for French and German in 1841 and 1842, and was later a Fellow (1876–1880). He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 9 June 1843, (BA 1847, MA 1851), got a First, and was called to the Bar, Lincoln's Inn, in 1853. His exact contemporaries at Eton included William George Mount and the Earl of Kimberley. Dodson unsuccessfully contested East Sussex in 1852 (he came third with 1637 votes, behind Augustus Eliott Fuller with 2155 and Charles Hay Frewen with 1974) and March 1857, but was elected for the constituency in April 1857. He would hold this seat until 1874. He served as Chairman of Ways and Means (Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons) from February 1865 to April 1872 and was admitted to the Privy Council in 1872. In 1873 he was appointed Financial Secretary to the Treasury in the Liberal administration of William Ewart Gladstone, a post he held until the government fell the following year. In 1874 Dodson was elected to parliament for Chester, and served as Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee from 1874 to 1876. In 1880 he was again elected for Chester and appointed President of the Local Government Board, with a seat in the cabinet, in Gladstone's second administration. According to the rules at the time, he was then forced to contest his constituency again. Dodson was duly elected, but shortly after the original election was declared void on petition. This caused him to seek re-election for another constituency. In July he was returned for Scarborough, a seat he would hold until 1884. Dodson remained President of the Local Government Board until 1882, and then served as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 1882 to 1884. On 4 November 1884 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Monk Bretton, of Conyboro and Hurstpierpoint in the County of Sussex. Lord Monk Bretton later disagreed with Gladstone over Home Rule. He was also active in local politics, and served as the first Chairman of the East Sussex County Council from 1889 to 1892. He was a long serving director and trustee of the Rock Life Assurance Company and a director of Brill's Brighton Baths Company. He was a member of the University, Reform, and Brooks's Clubs. Late in life he became concerned about the fate of the African elephant, whose salvation he mooted, in letters to "The Times", could come through domestication. Lord Monk Bretton married Caroline-Florence, second daughter of William John Campion of Danny, Hurstpierpoint, Sussex, by Harriet Kemp (daughter of Thomas Read Kemp) in 1856. They had one son and three daughters. They lived at 6, Seamore Place in Mayfair, and at Conyboro', near Lewes, Sussex. In 1878 Edward Walford described Seamore Place as follows: "Seamore Place is the name of a row of handsome but somewhat old-fashioned mansions, which occupy a sort of cul de sac at the western end of Curzon Street. They are only nine in number, and their chief fronts look westward over Hyde Park". Lord Monk Bretton died in May 1897, aged 71, and was succeeded in the barony by his only son John William Dodson. </doc> <doc id="2337258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337258" title="Mežakla"> Mežakla Mežakla () is a long undulating plateau about long in the foothills of the Julian Alps above the town of Jesenice in northwestern Slovenia. It ranges from approximately to high. It is mostly covered with spruce and beech trees. There are many pastures and clear streams on the plateau. Mežakla is part of Triglav National Park but tourism is underdeveloped. The name "Mežakla" was first attested in written sources as "Moshägkhlä" in 1579 (and as "Musakhla" in 1609 and "Meſaqua" in 1744). The name is derived from the dialect word "mežek" 'juvenile bear'. </doc> <doc id="2337261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337261" title="Terry Sanders"> Terry Sanders Terry Sanders (born December 20, 1931) is an American filmmaker having produced and/or directed more than 70 dramatic features, televisions specials, documentaries and portrait films. He co-heads the American Film Foundation and has produced and photographed the Oscar-winning dramatic short "A Time Out of War". He also received an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for "". He also produced and co-directed "Crime & Punishment, USA" with his brother Denis Sanders. The debuting actors in "War Hunt" are Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, and Tom Skerritt, which he also produced with Denis Sanders. Currently in development is a dramatic feature film, "Tokyo Rose/American Patriot", a World War II true-life story of Iva Ikuko Toguri who was wrongly convicted of treason. The moving image collection of Terry Sanders is housed at the Academy Film Archive. </doc> <doc id="2337274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337274" title="Dina Eastwood"> Dina Eastwood Dina Eastwood (born Dina Marie Ruiz; July 11, 1965) is an American reporter, TV news anchor, and actress. She is the ex-wife of actor/director Clint Eastwood. In 2012, she starred in a reality television series about her life, "Mrs. Eastwood & Company", on the E! network. Dina Marie Ruiz was born in Castro Valley, California, the daughter of Michael Ruiz, who had been adopted by a Portuguese/Puerto Rican couple as an infant and his wife, Mary Lou Ruiz, who is of English, Irish and German descent. Michael Ruiz's biological mother, Lilian, was Hawaiian and Japanese and his biological father, Marcus Grant, was African American and Native Hawaiian. Dina grew up in Fremont, California, with her father teaching school in Fresno. After graduating from Mission San Jose High School in Fremont, she attended several colleges beginning with Ohlone College, a community college in her hometown, in 1983. While a student at Ohlone, she anchored Newsline for . She briefly attended Arizona State University in Tempe, and in 1988, graduated from San Francisco State University with a degree in Broadcast Communications. In 1990, she was hired as a reporter for KNAZ-TV in Flagstaff, Arizona, and eventually became news anchor. About a year later, she was hired at KSBW in the Monterey-Salinas, California market as a news anchor. She retired in 1997. She met Clint Eastwood when she interviewed him for a newscast. In 1998, as Dina Ruiz Eastwood, she was host of the television show "A Quest for Excellence", produced by the California Teachers Association and featuring students, teachers, and administrators and their daily challenges, as well as celebrity interviews. Beginning February 8, 2011, announced as Dina Ruiz-Eastwood, and billed on-air as Dina Eastwood, she "guest-anchored for KSBW" the 5 p.m. newscast with weeknight anchor Dan Green. She returned to anchor the 5 p.m newscast for two weeks starting November 11, 2013. Ruiz Eastwood was featured in the San Francisco State University's 2009 "Alumni Hot Shots" list. She is a former co-host of the television show "Candid Camera". She discovered the South African a cappella band Overtone during the filming of her husband's film "Invictus". The band then recorded songs that were used in the Malpaso Productions soundtrack. Eastwood made brief appearances as a reporter in two of her husband's films, "True Crime" (1999) and "Blood Work" (2002). In 2012, she played the role of Vanessa Reeve in "The Forger" alongside her stepson, Scott Eastwood. Eastwood joined The California Museum for History, Women and the Arts Board of Trustees and is a past chair. She met actor-director Clint Eastwood in 1992, when she interviewed him for KSBW-TV. As Clint Eastwood recalled in 2007, They married on March 31, 1996. The couple has one daughter, Morgan Eastwood (born December 12, 1996). In April 2013, Dina Eastwood entered rehab for depression and anxiety. In August 2013, she stated that she and Clint Eastwood had been living separately for an undisclosed length of time. Dina Eastwood filed for divorce on October 22, 2013. In July 2016, Dina Eastwood married basketball coach Scott Fisher. </doc> <doc id="2337281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337281" title="Fast Company (1979 film)"> Fast Company (1979 film) Fast Company is a 1979 Canadian action film directed by David Cronenberg and starring William Smith, John Saxon, Claudia Jennings and Nicholas Campbell. It was written by Phil Savath, Courtney Smith, Alan Treen and Cronenberg. It was primarily filmed at Edmonton International Speedway, in addition to other locations in Edmonton, Alberta, and Western Canada. At a racetrack, aging drag racing star Lonnie "Lucky Man" Johnson (Smith) makes engine refinements to his car, which is sponsored by the international oil company Fast Company. On its first test run it blows up, but Lonnie escapes unhurt. Fast Co. team boss Phil Adamson (Saxon) is not impressed, telling the head mechanic, Elder (Don Francks), that the team can't afford to win if it breaks the budget. The real business is that the car remains competitive and helps sell Fast Company oil products. In the "Funny Car class", Lonnie's protégé Billy "The Kid" Brooker (Campbell) gives top dog Gary "The Blacksmith" Black (Cedric Smith) a close run. On the road to Big Sky, Montana, Lonnie phones his girlfriend Sammy (Jennings), who is living in Spokane, saying he misses her. When the Fast Co. rig blows a tire, Black, jealous of Fiasco's money and Lonnie's popularity, refuses to help change the tire. Adamson flies in his private plane with Candy Ellison (Judy Foster) the pretty new Fast Co. ad girl. At the Big Sky meet, Adamson takes a backhander from the organizer. He says that the fans come to see Lonnie, so while the dragster is being repaired he will replace Billy in the Funny Car. Lonnie doesn't like the idea. Billy likes it less, blaming Lonnie's ego. Lonnie's first ever Funny Car run is against Black, who is angry at the driver switch, especially when he loses the race. Billy finds some compensation in the attractive presence of Candy. En route to a next race in Spokane, Lonnie calls the dragster mechanic with a few ideas, but is told that Adamson cancelled the repair work. At the meet, Lonnie is less than complimentary on his Fast Co. TV spot. Adamson is incensed and calls the company to say he's bringing in Gary Black. Candy overhears the phone call, and when she refuses to have sex with the TV interviewer as damage control, Adamson fires her. He offers Black the Fast Co ride. At the same time, Candy and Billy go and "get it on" inside Lonnie's trailer. Sammy shows up and interrupts them. She furiously assumes that it's Lonnie in the bed, until he appears in the doorway. Reunited, Lonnie and Sammy kick out Billy and Candy, and they resume making love and he talks about quitting racing. Adamson walks in without knocking, causing Lonnie to punch him to the floor. He says they're finished, but Lonnie assures him the car will race. Outside the trailer, Adamson gives Black and the surly mechanic, named Meatball, a job. While on another test run, the Funny Car's engine blows, but Lonnie controls the situation using the cockpit safety gear. Billy angrily accuses Black of sabotage, but Lonnie intervenes on Black's behalf. In the pit, Adamson announces that Black is the new Fast Co driver and the whole team is fired. Lonnie goes for him but is slugged with a tire iron by Meatball. Billy is deponent, but Lonnie insists they'll still race at Edmonton next weekend (they will steal back the car). Billy and P.J. (Robert Haley) visit the local motor show and are amazed that Adamson has the car on display. That night, Billy and Candy create an amorous diversion for the security guard while Lonnie drives the car away. Working overtime, Lonnie, Billy, P.J. get it in shape for the race. At the Edmonton racetrack, there is a night meet. Lonnie's surprise independent entry is announced. Adamson is worried that Black will be beaten, but Meatball says he will win as long as he is in the left lane. Lonnie gives an ecstatic Billy the ride. At the toss up for the lane choice, Billy wins and chooses left. Adamson ensures a last minute change, and Billy's complaint is ignored. As the driver's wait on the starting line, Black watches Meatball slope away, carrying two large cans of oil. At the green light, Billy gets a fast start, but Black surges alongside and then swerves, seemingly trying to run him off the road. Black takes the lead, then cuts into Billy's lane and hits the oil that Meatball has poured on the track. His car explodes in a huge fireball. Billy goes for Meatball at the side of the track and in the struggle, Meatball's overalls catch fire. Billy uses his cockpit extinguisher to save his life. The team arrives on the scene. Adamson panics and takes to his plane. As it taxis down the runway strip, Lonnie jumps in the Funny Car and hits the throttle. He catches up just as the plane takes off, clipping the end off a wing. Adamson fights for control but the plane dives into a parked Fast Co oil truck, producing the second inferno of the night. The next morning, the team members discuss the future. Lonnie promises he'll have new funding in place soon, but first he and Sammy are going to share some quality time. Billy and Candy like the sound of that and go off somewhere to have sex too, but Elder and P.J. are left by themselves with a car to prepare. The film is the first of his feature films for which Cronenberg did not originate the screenplay. The production of "Fast Company" brought Cronenberg into contact with cinematographer Mark Irwin, art director Carol Spier, sound editor Bryan Day, and film editor Ronald Sanders, all of whom became regular crew members on his films. Actor Nicholas Campbell, who plays William Smith's young sidekick, also went on to appear in three more Cronenberg films, "The Brood", "The Dead Zone", and "Naked Lunch". Although "Fast Company" - an all-action, non-horror, non-psychological B-movie - remains an anomaly in Cronenberg's filmography, it has never lost its place in the affections of its director, who is an enthusiast of cars and their machinery ("which I get very metaphysical and boring about") and sometime racer. This was the final film for Claudia Jennings before she was killed in a car accident later that year, several months after the film's release. "Fast Company" received generally positive reviews. It holds a 88% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 6.6/10. </doc> <doc id="2337285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337285" title="Birger Sjöberg"> Birger Sjöberg Birger Sjöberg (1885–1929) was a Swedish poet, novelist and songwriter, whose best-known works include the song collection "Fridas Bok" (Frida's Book) and the novel "Kvartetten Som Sprängdes" (The Quartet That Split Up). Originally a journalist, Sjöberg wrote songs in his spare time. His debuted as a serious writer with the 1922 publication of "Fridas Bok" (Frida's Book), which was both a critical and popular success. Following a series of concert tours, he withdrew from public life and focused on his writing. After his death in 1929, a new series of songs and a selection of poems were published. Prose and poetry by Birger Sjöberg: Swedish English Translations </doc> <doc id="2337298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337298" title="Kathy Garver"> Kathy Garver Kathleen Marie Garver (born December 13, 1945) is an American stage, film, television, and voice-over actress most remembered for having portrayed the teenage niece, Catherine "Cissy" Davis, to series character Uncle Bill Davis, played by Brian Keith, on the popular 1960s CBS sitcom, "Family Affair". Before that, she was cast by Cecil B DeMille in the film "The Ten Commandments" (1956). She is also known as the voice of Firestar in the animated television series "Spider-Man and his Amazing Friends". Garver authored "The Family Affair Cookbook" (2009), "Surviving Cissy: My Family Affair of Life in Hollywood" (2015), and "X Child Stars: Where are They Now?" (2016). Garver was born in Long Beach, California, the daughter of Rosemary and Hayes Garver. She was raised Roman Catholic and attended a Catholic primary school. When she was nine, she tried her hand at acting and was cast in "I'll Cry Tomorrow", but her most famous movie role was that of one of the young slaves in "The Ten Commandments". Between the mid-1950s and mid-1960s, the young actress worked with, in addition to her association with Brian Keith, such actors as Marvin Miller, Chuck Connors, Peter Graves, Scott Forbes, Dan O'Herlihy, Kurt Russell, Fess Parker, Vince Edwards, Richard Chamberlain, Patty Duke, Anne Lockhart, and James Franciscus. In 1960, Garver released a Christmas song called "Lem, The Orphan Reindeer" on the Aquarian label, distributed by Bell Records. The song was written by Tommy Boyce, Bobby Hart, and E. Justin, and arranged by Jimmie Haskell. Garver later moved to San Bernardino, California, where she entered Pacific High School in 1960 and remained there until graduation in 1964. After high school, she entered UCLA, majoring in speech and drama, until her graduation in 1968. Garver was a member of Pi Beta Phi Fraternity for Women at UCLA. In 1965, Garver played a youthful Isadora Duncan, with June Lockhart as librarian Ina Coolbrith, the first poet laureate of California, and Sean McClory as the poet Joaquin Miller, in the episode "Magic Locket" of the syndicated western television series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Ronald Reagan. In the story line, Coolbrith develops a tenuous friendship with the teen-aged free spirit, "Dorita Duncan". The two have identical portions of a broken locket. In 1966, while studying at UCLA, she auditioned for, and won, the role of "Cissy" Davis, the eldest of the three siblings on "Family Affair". Garver had been a fan of Keith since she was ten years old and had guest-starred on his earlier CBS series about the Cold War, "Crusader". "Family Affair" lasted for five seasons and Garver would play the role of "Cissy" throughout its run. Appeared as Laura Hayden in "The Big Valley" (S4E16, "The Royal Road", 1969 Mar 3). Today, Ms. Garver is an accomplished actress, author and speaker, appearing in such movies as "Princess Diaries," "Unleashed," and "Helen's Last Love," and as guest star in such MOWs as "Hercules Save Christmas" and "FBI Murders." Her stage plays include "Voice of the Turtle," "Vanities," "Under the Yum Yum Tree," "Sunday in New York," "Star Spangled Girl," "Romeo and Juliet" with musicals "My Fair Lady," "River Song: The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" and "Summer Magic." Garver provided the voice of Firestar on the Saturday morning cartoon "Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends". She voiced Storm, as well as other female guest characters. In the 1990s "Spider-Man" cartoon series, she played the voice of Miss America. Garver was the voice of Alice Mitchell in the "Dennis the Menace" cartoon special "Mayday for Mother" and Pepper in "". Her other voice roles included the television series "Fonz and the Happy Days Gang", "The Tom & Jerry Kids Show", "Droopy, Master Detective", "The New Yogi Bear Show", "The Richie Rich/Scooby-Doo Show" and "The All-New Super Friends Hour", the cartoon special "Marvin: Baby of the Year" and the anime film "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". In addition to her television work, Garver has lent her voice talents to numerous commercials, toys, and audiobooks. Her voice has been heard in the films "Apollo 13", "Ransom", and "Backdraft" which were all directed by Ron Howard, and "Jingle All the Way" directed by Brian Levant. She appeared as a cable car tourist in the film "The Princess Diaries". Garver has produced, narrated, written lyrics, and composed the music for eight audio Beatrix Potter tales and eight Mother Goose based audiotapes for Smarty Pants, Inc. Her Beatrix Potter tapes have sold over two million copies and have won numerous awards. She has recorded books for Brilliance Audio, Dove, Audible, and Listen and Live. From 2008-2012 she co-hosted the Comcast television talk show "Backstage! With Barry & Kathy". Ms Garver's latest plays include "Absolutely Dead" and "Dinner at Five" the latter written and directed by Lloyd Schwartz, also starring Fred Grandy, Christopher Knight and Caryn Richman. As a noted speaker, Ms Garver gives presentations on "The Power of Perseverance" among other topics. Garver lives in Hillsborough, California, with her husband, David Travis, and son, Reid. She kept in touch with and visited her "Family Affair" co-star Brian Keith until his death on June 24, 1997, and attended his funeral. Garver appeared in the Christmas episode of the 2002–2003 "Family Affair" WB series, which was a remake of the original. On June 26, 2008, she attended the Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony when Brian Keith was awarded a star posthumously; Garver gave a speech on his behalf. On March 19, 2011, Garver made a guest appearance at the 21st annual "Festival of the West" in Scottsdale, Arizona, promoting her best-selling book, "The Family Affair Cookbook" (published in 2009). She has appeared on the autograph convention circuit at such festivals as Western Legends Roundup in Kanab, Comic Con San Diego Wonder Con Anaheim, Chiller, Mid Atlantic Nostalgia Convention, Western Film Fair, among many others. On September 15, 2015, Amazon Books published her autobiography, "Surviving Cissy: My Family Affair Of Life In Hollywood". In 1995, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California Walk of Stars was dedicated to her. Garver has won two Audie Awards, one for her narration of "The World's Shortest Stories", the other in 2004 for her direction of Amy Tan in "The Opposite of Fate" read by the author. In 2010, Garver was honored by the Young Artist Foundation with its Former Child Star "Lifetime Achievement" Award for her role in "Family Affair". The Southern California Motion Picture Council bestowed the honor of the Golden Halo Lifetime Achievement Award in Entertainment to Ms. Garver in 2016. </doc> <doc id="2337300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337300" title="Martha Root"> Martha Root Martha Louise Root (August 10, 1872 – September 28, 1939) was a prominent traveling teacher of the Bahá'í Faith in the late 19th and early 20th century. Shoghi Effendi, then head of the Bahá'í Faith, called her "the foremost travel teacher in the first Bahá'í Century", and named her a Hand of the Cause posthumously. Known by her numerous visits with Heads of State and other public figures, of special importance was her efforts with Queen Marie of Romania, considered the first royal to accept Bahá'u'lláh. Martha Root was born on August 10, 1872 to Timothy and Nancy Root in Richwood, Ohio. She had two older brothers, Clarence and Claude. Shortly after her birth, the family moved to Cambridge Springs, Pennsylvania, where her father ran a dairy farm. Martha, known as Mattie, was not a typical girl, since her interest lay in books rather than the usual domestic pursuits, and when she was 14 she earned enough money from writing to pay for a trip to Niagara Falls. She distinguished herself in high school and college, attending Oberlin College, where she designed her own program; she then continued to the University of Chicago and earned her degree in 1895. While she started teaching after her degree, she gave that up to start writing for different newspapers. In the summer of 1900 she worked at the Pittsburgh "Chronicle Telegraph" as the society editor, and then in the fall she worked for the "Pittsburgh Dispatch". She then started writing about automobiles, which took her to France and then back to Pittsburgh. In 1909 she met Roy C. Wilhelm who introduced her to the Bahá'í Faith by giving her some literature. While researching the religion for several months she met several members of the Bahá'í community, including Thornton Chase and Arthur Agnew in Chicago, and she, later in that year, declared her faith in the Bahá'í teachings. During this time, she kept on writing and in 1909 she wrote a detailed article for the "Pittsburgh Post" about the history and teachings of the Bahá'í Faith. She also participated in the first annual Bahá'í convention, which took place in Chicago in 1911. During 1911 and 1912, `Abdu'l-Bahá, the son of the founder of the Bahá'í Faith, visited the United States and Canada. Martha Root attended many of `Abdu'l-Bahá's talks, and arranged his talk in Pittsburgh. During this time Martha Root developed breast cancer, but it went into remission for many years. After meeting with `Abdu'l-Bahá, Martha Root began a world trip where she would spread the teachings of the Bahá'í Faith. She left the United States on January 30, 1915, and after visiting some countries in Europe, she wanted to visit Palestine to visit the Bahá'í holy places, but she could not go due to the First World War. So instead, she travelled to Egypt, and stayed there for six months. During that time she wrote newspaper articles. She then travelled to Bombay, Rangoon, Japan, and Hawaii. She arrived back in the continental United States when she reached San Francisco on August 29, 1915. After staying in the United States for five years, she then travelled to Canada in 1920, visiting Saint John, Montreal, London and Saint Thomas where she arranged teaching programs. She then travelled to Mexico and then Guatemala where she was going to meet with the president, but due to a political revolution, the meeting never happened. By 1921, her breast cancer had spread and she was in frequent pain; her father's health was also failing, and thus her travels become more limited. After her father's death on November 3, 1922, Martha started her travels once again at the age of 50. She travelled to many parts of the United States, Canada, Japan and China to spread the teachings of Bahá'u'lláh, and the Bahá'í Faith. She then travelled to Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, and Hong Kong, and helped Bahá'í pioneers to teach about the Bahá'í Faith. She then travelled to South Africa, and went on several radio broadcasts. She also studied Esperanto, and met Lidia Zamenhof, the daughter of Ludwig Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, who would later become a Bahá'í. In 1923 she arrived in Bucharest and sent the Queen a copy of the book "Bahá'u'lláh and the New Era." Two days after the Queen received the book she granted Martha Root an audience in the palace. The first of eight successive audiences with Queen Marie of Romania took place in January 1926 in Controceni Palace in Bucharest. The second, in 1927 in Pelisor Palace in Sinaia, was followed by a visit in January 1928 at the royal palace in Belgrade. A fourth visit took place in October 1929, at the Queen's summer palace "Tehna Yuva," at Balcic, on the Black Sea. In August 1932 and February 1933, Martha Root was received at the home of Princess Ileana (then Arch-Duchess Anton of Austria) at Mödling, near Vienna. In February 1934 and February 1936, audiences were granted at Controceni Palace. Bahá'í sources state that Marie was the first member of a royal family to become a Bahá'í, The biographer Hannah Pakula noted Marie had an intense connection with the religion in her personal life but "…continued to attend the Protestant Church" though she "…prayed 'better at home with my Baha-u-llah books and teachings…'." In 1976, William McElwee Miller published a book about the Bahá'í Faith that included a letter written in 1970 by Marie's daughter Ileana who denied any such conversion had taken place. In 1925 Martha Root travelled to the Bahá'í holy land, and met Bahíyyih Khánum and Shoghi Effendi. She then travelled to the United Kingdom, Germany, Greece, Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia, once again teaching the Bahá'í Faith. She then travelled to Iran, even though Shoghi Effendi recommended not doing so. She hoped to meet with the Sháh, Reza Khan Pahlavi, but did not do so. In 1930 she wanted to meet with Emperor Hirohito of Japan, but US officials blocked her access. Instead she sent the Emperor some Bahá'í books and some other gifts. She continued to teach, even while she was in ill-health travelling in 1937 to Hawaii, China and India. She returned to Hawaii in 1938 where she died on September 28, 1939. </doc> <doc id="2337302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337302" title="Latin for All Occasions"> Latin for All Occasions Latin for All Occasions ("Lingua Latina Occasionibus Omnibus") is a 1990 book by Henry Beard, and Latin for Even More Occasions ("Lingua Latina Multo Pluribus Occasionibus") is a 1991 sequel. Both contain translations of modern English phrases into mostly literal Latin equivalents. Beard is known as a humorist but studied Latin for eight years at Harvard. He wrote the Latin himself, but had it checked and polished by scholars Mark Sugars and Winifred Lewellen. The idea for the books was from John Boswell. The illustrations are by Mikhail Ivenitsky and both books were published by Villard Books, a division of Random House. The translations are mostly direct, so an English expression like "Get your ducks in a row" is translated as "Anates tuas in acie instrue". The significance of having ducks lined up would presumably be a mystery to an ancient Roman, or indeed to a non-American. Some of the phrases are not even intended to be helpful, and are included instead purely for the purposes of comedy: </doc> <doc id="2337303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337303" title="Dragon's Kiss"> Dragon's Kiss Dragon's Kiss is the first studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman, released on August 8, 1988 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe). In a contemporary review, Holger Stratmann of "Rock Hard" did not recommend the album, but considered it as "quite good" in mixing "speed and folkloric influences from his old days in Hawaii" with "the typical and probably indispensable nature of the Shrapnel horde." Andy Hinds of AllMusic considered "Dragon's Kiss" an excellent album, and wrote that it "may be the most definitive sampling of Friedman's talents available." Martin Popoff in his "Collector's Guide to Heavy Metal" described "Dragon's Kiss" as "a structured album of artful instrumental rock that kills all that came before" and "ushered in a new classy, mature era in shred records." </doc> <doc id="2337313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337313" title="Brian Jones (disambiguation)"> Brian Jones (disambiguation) Brian Jones (1942–1969) was a multi-instrumentalist and founder of The Rolling Stones. Brian Jones may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337319" title="HMS Prince of Wales (1860)"> HMS Prince of Wales (1860) HMS "Prince of Wales" was one of six 121-gun screw-propelled first-rate three-decker line-of-battle ships of the Royal Navy. She was launched on 25 January 1860. In 1869 she was renamed HMS "Britannia" and under that name served at Dartmouth as a cadet training ship until 1905. The "Prince of Wales" was originally a 3,186 ton 120 gun design by John Edye and Isaac Watts for a modified "Queen"-class sailing line-of-battle ship. She was laid down at Portsmouth on 10 June 1848, though she was not formally ordered until 29 June, and the design was approved on 28 July 1848. In 1849, the Royal Navy started ordering screw line-of-battle ships starting with the "Agamemnon". It is possible that construction of "Prince of Wales" was suspended, as screw line-of-battle ships laid down after her, were completed before her. "Prince of Wales" was reordered to complete as a 121 gun screw line-of-battle ship on 9 April 1856, conversion work started on 27 October 1856. Her half-sisters "Duke of Wellington" and "Royal Sovereign" were lengthened with an extra 23 ft amidships and 8 ft in the run, and originally it was intended that "Marlborough" and "Prince of Wales" would be converted to the same plans, but they were further lengthened during construction. Her engines were 800 nhp Penn two-cylinder (82 inch diameter, 4 ft stroke) horizontal single expansion trunk engines. She was launched on 25 January 1860, and did her trials at sea in Stokes Bay on 31 October 1860 unrigged. She made an average of 12.569 knots (23.293 km/h ). "Prince of Wales" was completed towards the end of the unarmoured phase of a naval arms race between Britain and France. In 1860 the Royal Navy had more wooden steam line-of-battle ships than it needed to man in peacetime. The Royal Navy's first armoured line-of-battle ship, "Warrior" was commissioned in 1861. Unarmoured screw line-of-battle ships were still of value in the early to mid-1860s, and several new screw line-of-battle ships were commissioned in the 1860s. In 1867, the "Prince of Wales"s engines were removed so they could be installed in the ironclad "Repulse". In 1869 she was renamed "Britannia" and began service as a cadet training ship at Dartmouth, replacing the previous "Britannia" in that role. As "Britannia", she was a hulk, and only had her foremast. Among those starting their naval careers on her were, in 1877, the future Admiral and First Sea Lord Rosslyn Wemyss, Prince Albert Victor, and his younger brother, the future King George V. A shore-based college at Dartmouth was opened in September 1905 and this was named "Royal Naval College, Dartmouth". The "Britannia" training establishment was closed at the same time. A new "King Edward VII"-class battleship called "Britannia" was launched in December 1904. The former "Prince of Wales" was officially hulked in September 1909, sold to Garnham on 23 September 1914, then resold to Hughes Bolckow arriving at Blyth in July 1916 for breaking up. In 1917 her "wreck" was etched by Frank Brangwyn, a print of which can be seen in Bruges' Groeningemuseum today. </doc> <doc id="2337323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337323" title="BFGoodrich"> BFGoodrich BFGoodrich is an American tire company. Originally part of the industrial conglomerate Goodrich Corporation, it was acquired in 1990 (along with Uniroyal, then The Uniroyal Goodrich Tire Company) by the French tire maker Michelin. Prior to the sale, BFGoodrich was the first American tire manufacturer to make radial tires. It made tires for the then new Winton car from Winton Motor Carriage Company. BFGoodrich tires have been fitted to several noteworthy historical vehicles: BFGoodrich has been involved in several competitions and enjoyed success with 28 overall victories at the Baja California Competitions and 13 times winner of the Paris–Dakar Rally. Founded by Dr. Benjamin Franklin Goodrich in 1870, the B.F. Goodrich Company, later known as BFGoodrich, was among the first rubber tire manufacturers to be located west of the Appalachian mountain range. In the previous year, Goodrich had purchased the Hudson River Rubber Company. Based in Akron, Ohio, the BFGoodrich Company began as a manufacturer of rubberized hoses, which were sold mostly as firehoses. The company also produced rubberized belts, similar to those used on modern vehicles as serpentine belts (fan belt). As the company grew, it began to manufacture pneumatic bicycle tires, eventually leading to the production of pneumatic automobile tires in 1896, making BFGoodrich the first company in the United States to manufacture this type of tire. BFGoodrich was not the only tire manufacturer in the United States at the turn of the 20th Century. Among its competitors were Goodyear, Firestone, General and Uniroyal. Due to extensive research and scientific methods, such as tire wear evaluation and longevity testing, BFGoodrich was at the leading edge of the industry. Ford Motor Company, then owned by Henry Ford, chose BFGoodrich tires to be fitted in the new Model A Ford in 1903. That same year, the Model A, equipped with the tires, became the first car to cross the United States from east to west. This event made BFGoodrich a household name. Michelin North America., Inc., makes B.F. Goodrich tires. The Goodrich Corporation, formerly called B.F. Goodrich Company, stopped making tires in 1988 and sold the business and the B.F. Goodrich name to Michelin. Aside from being the first company in the United States to manufacture pneumatic automobile tires, BFGoodrich is also credited for introducing the rubber-wound golf ball, the first pressurized space suit and the use of synthetic rubber. Although significant, these innovations are not as well known as the company’s contributions to the tire industry. In 1947, BFGoodrich developed the first tubeless tire in the United States. The tubeless tire eliminate the need for an inner tube, which improves performance and safety, as well as enhanced comfort for the car's occupants. BFGoodrich produced the first radial tires in the United States in 1965. This innovation made tires even safer as radial tires have longer tread life and permit better absorption of road bumps. The company patented an early sort of run-flat tire two years later, in 1967. This technology enables the vehicle to continue to be driven in emergencies by avoiding that the tire becomes flat instantly. BF Goodrich also developed the PF flyer shoe in 1933. In 1909, BFGoodrich tires were fitted on a Curtiss airplane, thus marking BFGoodrich's entry in the aviation tire market. In this particular event, the plane, fitted with BFGoodrich tires, set a speed record of 75 kilometers per hour in Reims at the first international air race. BFGoodrich tires were also fitted to Charles Lindbergh’s plane, "Spirit of St. Louis", when he completed the first non-stop transatlantic flight. In 1934, BFGoodrich produced a prototype for a pressure suit to be worn by airplane pilot Wiley Post at high altitudes. This first prototype was made mostly of rubber, with the exception being the metal helmet and waist strap. The prototype suit was pressurized in an initial test, but it did not hold pressure as it was expected to. With improvements to the concept, a second prototype was made, using the same helmet, which successfully maintained pressurization. The second suit was successful, at least in holding pressure. The suit had shrunk around Post's body and was removed by cutting the suit apart. One year later, in 1935, another prototype was produced and is said to be the first practical pressure suit in the United States. Piloting his plane, the “Winnie Mae”, Post was able to fly to an altitude of approximately 50,000 feet, where he discovered the jet stream, paving the way for modern flight procedures. From this point forward, the suit created by BFGoodrich served as pattern for modern pressurized space suits. BFGoodrich is also known for their performance and racing developments and achievements. Its roots in racing can be traced as far back as 1914, when BFGoodrich tires were used by the winning car of the Indianapolis 500. This was just the beginning of victories in several competitions including the Paris-Dakar Rally, World Rally Championships, Baja 1000, and many other prestigious racing competitions. BFGoodrich developed and markets its flagship All-Terrain T/A and Mud-Terrain T/A tires. Due to its unique tread design and known raised white letters on the tire sidewall, the tire consolidated a loyal customer base, especially among off-roading enthusiasts, its main application is light trucks and SUVs. </doc> <doc id="2337328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337328" title="Vincent Dowling"> Vincent Dowling Vincent Gerard Dowling (7 September 1929 – 9 May 2013) was an Irish actor and director. Dowling was born in Dublin and educated at St Mary's College and Rathmines College of Commerce. He came to prominence in the 1950s for his role as Christy Kennedy in the long-running radio soap opera, "The Kennedys of Castleross" and as a member of the Abbey Theatre company. He returned to the Abbey as artistic director from 1987 to 1990. Dowling emigrated to the United States and was Artistic and Producing Director of The Great Lakes Shakespeare Festival (GLSF; now the Great Lakes Theater Festival) in Cleveland, Ohio from 1976 to 1984. where he directed, produced and acted in many classical works, by Shakespeare and others. He is credited with discovering actor Tom Hanks. Dowling received an Ohio Valley local Emmy for the 1983 PBS broadcast of his 1982 GLSF production of "The Playboy of the Western World". He was visiting professor at The College of Wooster in Ohio during the 1986-87 academic year. He founded the Miniature Theatre of Chester (now the Chester Theatre Company), in Chester, Massachusetts, in 1990. Dowling married actress Brenda Doyle in 1952; they he had four daughters, including actress Bairbre Dowling, before divorcing. Politician Richard Boyd Barrett was the natural son of Dowling and actress Sinéad Cusack from a 1966 relationship while both were at the Abbey; Boyd Barrett was adopted as an infant and made contact shortly before Dowling's death. In the United States Dowling married Olwen O'Herlihy, with whom he had a son. Dowling published an autobiography in 2000. His papers, from 1976 onward, are housed at the Kent State University and John Carroll University libraries. Great Lakes Theater Festival </doc> <doc id="2337332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337332" title="KTHX"> KTHX KTHX may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337338" title="Prosecutor General of Ukraine"> Prosecutor General of Ukraine The Prosecutor General of Ukraine (also Attorney General of Ukraine, ) heads the system of official prosecution in courts known as the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine (). The term of authority of the Prosecutor is six years. She or he is appointed and dismissed by the president with parliamentary consent. Parliament can force the Prosecutor General to resign after a "vote of no-confidence". The current Prosecutor General is Yuriy Lutsenko (since 12 May 2016). There are seven more additional deputies to the Prosecutor General. The Office of the Prosecutor General is entrusted with: The Prosecutor General is appointed to office by the President of Ukraine with the consent of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament). The Prosecutor is dismissed from office by the President. The Verkhovna Rada may express no confidence in the Prosecutor which will results, after a required number of votes is achieved, in their resignation from office. Both in theory and in practice, the Prosecutor General and their office wield considerable power. (For instance, only the Prosecutor General and the Chairman of the Supreme Court of Ukraine may file requests to the Verkhovna Rada to withhold the immunity of deputies from detainment or arrest.) This is a legacy of the Soviet Union state prosecutor’s office founded in 1937 of which the current Prosecutor General office is the successor. After Ukraine's independence in 1991 many of the Prosecutor General office functions were expanded. In 2016 the powers of the Prosecutor General office were decreased and (starting in January 2017) limited to: On annual basis the Prosecutor General has to report to the Verkhovna Rada about the legal situation in the country. The Prosecutor General creates a collegiate council consisting out of the Prosecutor General, their first and other deputies, the Prosecutor of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, and other leaders of prosecution agencies. The independent agency "General Inspectorate" oversees "the legality of actions undertaken by prosecutors and investigators of the whole prosecution system". In the early years of the Ukrainian SSR, the office of Prosecutor General was merged with the Minister of Justice until spring 1936. From 1937 to 1991 the republican prosecution office of Ukraine was subordinated to the Prosecutor General of the USSR. Until 1937 the Prosecutor General of Ukraine was appointed by the higher bodies of state power of Ukraine. This list shows prosecutors of independent Ukraine. In the absence of the Prosecutor General, the office is headed by their First Deputy as the acting Prosecutor General. Prior to January 2017 the term of authority of the Prosecutor was five years. Since January 2017 this was increased to six years. Legend: Notes: </doc> <doc id="2337346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337346" title="Bairbre Dowling"> Bairbre Dowling Bairbre Dowling (27 March 1953 – 20 January 2016) was an Irish actress. She was born in Dublin as Barbara Patricia Dowling, the daughter of actor Vincent Dowling and actress Brenda Doyle, who died in a car crash in 2016. She had three sisters, Louise, Valerie and Rachel, and a half-brother, Cian. Between 1982 and 1994 she was married to actor Colm Meaney, with whom she had a daughter, Brenda, in 1984. Dowling acted with her husband in the PBS television film "Playboy of the Western World" in 1983, in John Huston's 1987 film "The Dead", and in the 1994 drama "War of the Buttons". In 1970 she was part of the company at the Abbey Theatre, where she appeared in "The Becauseway" (1970) and "Rites" (1973). In 2011 she appeared in a play by Irish playwright Teresa Deevy, "Temporal Powers"; this was a Mint Theatre production presented as part of the Teresa Deevy project. Bairbre was a member of The California Artists Radio Theatre ensemble and performed in over 30 of their live radio plays. </doc> <doc id="2337347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337347" title="Kellee"> Kellee Kellee Warren (born 1971), or just simply known as Kellee, is a female electronica/house artist from Chicago, Illinois. She scored two hits on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: "My Love," which peaked at #5 in 1995, and "This Man," which went all the way to #1 in 1997. She graduated from the Soma Institute of Clinical Massage Therapy in 2005. She also received her Associate's degree from Prairie State College in 2010. She is currently working on an EP and is working on her Undergraduate degree at the University of Illinois at Chicago. "My Love" was remade in 2005 by the American House music act 8Ball presenting Pool Players, using the vocals from the original. </doc> <doc id="2337353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337353" title="Cosmos (Gombrowicz novel)"> Cosmos (Gombrowicz novel) Kosmos is a 1965 novel by the Polish author Witold Gombrowicz. The narrative revolves around two young men who seek the solitude of the country; their peace is disturbed when a set of random occurrences suggest to their susceptible minds a pattern with sinister meanings. The humour arises, as it often does in Gombrowicz's work, in the extremity of paranoia and confusion exhibited by the protagonist. Themes appearing in this work that are also common in the author's oeuvre are the search for form and meaning in a chaotic existence, and the fragile nature of the human mind. The novel was awarded the 1967 International Prize for Literature. The 1967 English translation was from the French and German translations rather than the Polish original. In 2004 Danuta Borchardt received a National Endowment for the Arts grant to enable her to prepare a revised translation directly from the Polish, a translation published by Yale University Press in 2005 and praised for its better renderings of Gombrowicz's complex language. A film adaptation with the same title directed by Andrzej Żuławski won the Best Director award at the 68th Locarno Film Festival in Switzerland in 2015. </doc> <doc id="2337354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337354" title="Fast Company (magazine)"> Fast Company (magazine) Fast Company is a monthly American business magazine published in print and online that focuses on technology, business, and design. It publishes eight print issues per year. "Fast Company" was launched in November 1995 by Alan Webber and Bill Taylor, two former "Harvard Business Review" editors, and publisher Mortimer Zuckerman. The publication's early competitors included "Red Herring", "Business 2.0" and "The Industry Standard". In 1997, "Fast Company" created an online social network, the "Company of Friends" which spawned a number of groups that began meeting in person. At one point the Company of Friends had over 40,000 members in 120 cities, although by 2003 that number had declined to 8,000. In 2000, Zuckerman sold "Fast Company" to Gruner + Jahr, majority owned by media giant Bertelsmann, for $550 million. Just as the sale was completed, the collapse of the dot-com bubble occurred and led to significant losses and a decline in circulation. Webber and Taylor left the magazine two years later in 2002, and John A. Byrne, previously a senior writer and former management editor with BusinessWeek, was brought in as the new editor. Under Byrne, the magazine won its first Gerald Loeb Award, the most prestigious honor in business journalism. . But the magazine could not reverse its financial decline in the wake of the dot-com bust. Although the magazine was not specifically about Internet commerce, advertising pages continued to drop until they were one-third the 2000 numbers. In 2005, Gruner + Jahr put the magazine, as well as "Inc. magazine", up for sale. Through a contact, Byrne contacted entrepreneur Joe Mansueto and helped guide him through the sale. A bidding war ultimately ensued, pitting The Economist against Mansueto's company Mansueto Ventures. Mansueto, the only bidder who promised to keep Fast Company alive, ultimately won the contest, buying both magazine titles for $35 million. Under former editor-in-chief Robert Safian, "Fast Company" was named by the American Society of Magazine Editors as the magazine of the year in 2014. Stephanie Mehta was named editor-in-chief in February 2018, having previously worked at "Vanity Fair", "Bloomberg", "Fortune", and "The Wall Street Journal". "Fast Company" is owned by Mansueto Ventures and is headquartered in New York, New York. Launched in 1995, FastCompany.com covers leadership and innovation in business, environmental and social issues, entertainment and marketing, and, through its Co.Design site, the intersection of business and design, from architecture to electronics, consumer products to fashion. "Fast Company" also previously operated sites called Co.Labs, Co.Exist, and Co.Create. Co.Exist and Co.Create were rebranded as Ideas and Entertainment sections in 2017. Co.Labs was shut down in early 2015. "Fast Company" currently operates a number of franchises such as "Most Innovative Companies", "World Changing Ideas", "Innovation By Design", and "Most Creative People". For their Most Innovative Companies feature, "Fast Company" assesses thousands of businesses to create a list of 50 companies it considers the most innovative. The Most Creative People in Business is a list of 100 people from different industries. The Fast Company Innovation Festival is an event hosted in New York City each year since 2015. In 2017, 10,000 attendees attended keynotes, workshops, and Fast Tracks hosted in corporate offices centered on design, technology, social good, leadership, entrepreneurship, and creativity. </doc> <doc id="2337355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337355" title="Trigatron"> Trigatron A trigatron is a type of triggerable spark gap switch designed for high current and high voltage, (usually 10-100 kV and 20-100 kA, though devices in the mega-ampere range exist as well). It has very simple construction and in many cases is the lowest cost high energy switching option. It may operate in open air, it may be sealed, or it may be filled with a dielectric gas other than air or a liquid dielectric. The dielectric gas may be pressurized, or a liquid dielectric (e.g. mineral oil) may be substituted to further extend the operating voltage. Trigatrons may be rated for repeated use (over 10,000 switching cycles), or they may be single-shot, destroyed in a single use. A trigatron has three electrodes. The heavy main electrodes are for the high current switching path, and a smaller third electrode serves as the trigger. During normal operation, the voltage between the main electrodes is somewhat lower than the breakdown voltage corresponding to their distance and the dielectric between them (usually air, argon-oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen, or sulfur hexafluoride). To switch the device, a high voltage pulse is delivered to the triggering electrode. This ionizes the medium between it and one of the main electrodes, creating a spark which shortens the thickness of non-ionized medium between the electrodes. The triggering spark also generates ultraviolet light and free electrons in the main gap. These lead to the rapid electrical breakdown of the main gap, culminating in a low resistance electric arc between the main electrodes. The arc will continue to conduct until current flow drops sufficiently to extinguish it. The triggering electrode is most often mounted through a hole in the center of the positive main electrode. The undrilled main electrode is the negative electrode. When switching high currents, the electrodes undergo considerable heat stress, as they are directly involved in the electric arc. This causes the surfaces to undergo gradual vaporization, so some designs incorporate methods to easily adjust the distance between the electrodes or to actually replace the electrodes. The main electrodes are typically fabricated from brass, or alloys of copper and tungsten for longer electrode life. Glass trigatrons are often enclosed in a woven wire mesh, to provide protection from fragmentation if the device explodes due to internal overpressure. Trigatrons find many different uses in pulsed power applications. For example, they were used in early radar modulators to feed the high-power pulses into the magnetrons, for use with slapper detonators, or for triggering a Marx generator. </doc> <doc id="2337360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337360" title="Ciarán McMenamin"> Ciarán McMenamin Ciarán McMenamin (born 1 October 1975) is a Northern Irish author and actor. McMenamin was born in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland In 1998 he graduted from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow with a BA Honours in acting and the Gold Medal for performance from his year. He now works as an Author. Novelist McMenamin previously worked as an actor for 20 years. He appeared on Stage at the National theatres of Ireland and England as well as the Royal Court and Old Vic in london and the Lyric thatre in Belfast amongst others. His extensive televison credits include, Primeval, David Copperflied, The young persons guide to becoming a Rock star, The Last Confession of Alexander pearce, Save the Titianic, The Sinking of the Laconia, A rap at the door, Pulling moves, Silent witness, Miss marple, Johnatahn Creek, Death in Paradise, Jericho, The Golden hour, Midsommer Murders, Rab C Nesbitt, The Fixer, Paula, Lewis, The psycopath next door, Watermelon, Young James, 32 Brinkburn street, Demons, Messiah, True Dare Kiss, The private Life of Samule Pepys, Strange, Any time now, Birthday girl and Jimmy McGoverns Sunday. His film credits include, Jump, To End all wars, Titianic town, In View, Made in Belfast, Outcast and 100 Mornings. In 2017, Penguin published McMenamins debut novel, Skintown to critical acclaim in the UK, Commonwealth and Ireland and he sold the film rights before publication. Skintown is currently being developed for film by McMenamin in conjucniton with Blinder films, Screen Northern Ireland and the Irish film board. His second novel 'The Sunken Road' is eagerly anticipated. </doc> <doc id="2337362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337362" title="Big Stone Lake"> Big Stone Lake Big Stone Lake is a long, narrow freshwater lake and reservoir forming the border between western Minnesota and northeastern South Dakota in the United States. The lake covers of surface area, stretching from end to end and averaging around wide, and at an elevation of is the lowest point in South Dakota. Big Stone Lake is the source of the Minnesota River, which flows to the Mississippi River. Flow from the lake to the Minnesota River is regulated by the Big Stone Lake Dam, built in 1937 and located at the southern end of the lake. Although modest, the dam controls a maximum capacity of 205,000 acre-feet. The dam is owned and operated by the state of Minnesota. The lake is fed by the Little Minnesota River at its north end, which flows through the Traverse Gap. Big Stone was formed at the end of the last ice age when glacial Lake Agassiz drained through the gap into Glacial River Warren. The valley of that river now holds Big Stone Lake. Big Stone Lake is shown on the 1757 edition of Mitchell Map as "L. Tinton", referring to the Lakota people, also known as "Tetonwan" ("dwellers of the prairie"). Big Stone Lake was named for nearby rock outcroppings. Two state parks are located at the lake: Big Stone Lake State Park in Minnesota and Hartford Beach State Park in South Dakota. The two parks provide picnic, boat launching, trail, and camping facilities. An educational center at the lake is part of the Minnesota state park. Several vacation resorts are located along the shores of Big Stone Lake as well. Visitors are attracted to the lake especially for its fishing: walleye, northern pike, and bluegills are all popular game fish with anglers, and the lake contains over 30 other species. There are 12 public accesses for fishing use. The lake is stocked once every two years with 7,000,000 walleye fry. The communities of Ortonville, Minnesota, and Big Stone City, South Dakota, are located at the southern tip of the lake; Browns Valley, Minnesota, is located at the northern tip. </doc> <doc id="2337363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337363" title="USS Isherwood (DD-520)"> USS Isherwood (DD-520) USS "Isherwood" (DD-520), a "Fletcher"-class destroyer, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral Benjamin F. Isherwood (1822–1915). "Isherwood" was launched by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Co., Staten Island, N.Y., 24 November 1942, sponsored by Mrs. A. J. Kerwin, granddaughter of Rear Admiral Isherwood; and commissioned 12 April 1943 at New York Navy Yard, Commander R. E. Gadrow in command. The new destroyer conducted her shakedown training in Casco Bay, Maine, and off Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, through April and May. During the next 2 months she operated with a patrol and escort group out of NS Argentia, Newfoundland, and on 5 August 1943 departed for England with troop ship RMS "Queen Mary". "Isherwood" arrived Scapa Flow 19 August to carry out combined operations with the British Home Fleet, including a search toward Spitzbergen for German battleship "Tirpitz". Sailing 14 September, the destroyer returned to Boston with a convoy 29 September 1943. "Isherwood" was subsequently reassigned to the Pacific, sailing from Boston 14 November for San Francisco. From there she steamed to Pearl Harbor and sailed 11 December to join Task Force 94 (TF 94) in the Aleutians. For the next eight months, "Isherwood" carried out antisubmarine sweeps of the cold Alaskan waters. In June she took part in bombardments of the Kurile Islands, finally arriving San Francisco for repairs 15 August 1944. "Isherwood" sailed for Pearl Harbor 26 August 1944 to take part in the long-awaited invasion of the Philippines, scheduled for October. She arrived at Manus on 4 October and steamed into Leyte Gulf with the assault force 20 October, carrying out escort and patrol duties during the first days of the operation. She also provided gunfire support and night illumination fire. "Isherwood" remained in the assault area during the giant four-part Battle for Leyte Gulf 23–26 October, in which the Japanese surface fleet was all but annihilated. During November the ship escorted convoys from advance bases to the Philippines in support of the buildup there. The next major invasion of the Philippines campaign was to be at Lingayen Gulf. "Isherwood" joined Vice Admiral Theodore S. Wilkinson's Lingayen Attack Force at Manus, sailing 27 December. During the voyage through the islands from Leyte to Lingayen, the transport groups and carrier task groups were attacked incessantly by kamikazes, but even these desperate attacks could not stop the invasion. "Isherwood" shot down at least one suicide plane and assisted in splashing others before arriving the assault area 9 January 1945. She screened a landing craft group during the landing, sailing for Leyte with a returning group 11 January. During the last days of the month, specifically 29 and 30 January, the ship returned to Luzon to support the unopposed landings at San Antonio and Subic Bay, as ground units moved on Manila. "Isherwood" remained in the Philippines providing antisubmarine protection and patrolling until mid-March. "Isherwood" sailed for the Okinawa operation 21 March 1945; and, after her arrival 5 days later, took part in the landings on Kerama Retto preparatory to the main assault on Okinawa. Troops from the main task force stormed ashore 1 April in the biggest amphibious operation of the Pacific war, and 2 days later "Isherwood" moved to a position off the beaches for fire support missions. This continued until 16 April, when the ship was sent to aid stricken destroyers (DD-477) and "Laffey" (DD-724) off Ie Shima. That afternoon she took over "Laffey"'s duties as fighter director ship on picket station. The days that followed found "Isherwood" in numerous heavy air raids, as the Japanese made a desperate attempt to drive off the invasion fleet with suicide planes. While on station 22 April a kamikaze made a dusk attack on the destroyer and crashed No. 3 gun mount. One veteran described the kamikaze pilot as: "a jockey riding in on a horse." Many fires were started by the D3A1 "Val" dive bomber and his 500-pound bomb, but all were quickly extinguished except the one in the depth charge rack aft. After 25 minutes of dangerous fire-fighting, the charge exploded, causing great damage in the after engine room. "Isherwood" arrived Kerama Retto with over 80 men killed, wounded, or missing. "Isherwood" arrived Ulithi for repairs 9 May 1945 and steamed into San Francisco Bay 3 June. She finished her overhaul just as the Pacific war ended; and, after training exercises, sailed 3 October for New York. After taking part in the Navy Day Presidential Review, the ship steamed to Charleston, where she decommissioned 1 February 1946 and was placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet. "Isherwood" recommissioned at Charleston 5 April 1951, and after shakedown and training in the Caribbean steamed into Newport, her new home port, 6 August. Plane guard duty off Jacksonville and operations in Narragansett Bay occupied her through the end of 1951. She then sailed for a cruise with the 6th Fleet in the Mediterranean, departing 22 April 1952, and, for the next 6 months, visited various ports supporting the important peace-keeping operations of the fleet. She returned to her home port 17 October 1952. "Isherwood" made another 6th Fleet cruise 22 April – 26 October 1953, after which she took part in maneuvers and plane guard duty off the East Coast. In June 1954 the ship underwent refresher training out of Guantanamo Bay, and sailed from Newport 30 November 1954 to join the Pacific Fleet. The veteran ship arrived San Diego via the Panama Canal 15 December 1954, and got underway for the Far East 4 January 1955. During this cruise she operated mainly in the Philippines, with a period on Taiwan Patrol in April and May 1955. Her part in these important 7th Fleet operations ended in June and she arrived San Diego the 19th for additional training and readiness steaming. 1956, however, brought "Isherwood" back to these troubled waters, as she spent the period January–July on operations off Taiwan, Malaya, and Japan. The destroyer returned to the Far East in 1957, making stops in Sydney, Perth and Darwin, Australia with the three other destroyers of DesDiv 211, DesRon 21. This was the first US Navy visit to an Australian port, and the country welcomed the ships by opening a national park in Sidney, commemorating the Battle of Coral Sea. During the 1958, she steamed off Taiwan during the tense Quemoy-Matsu crisis, when American forces afloat helped prevent a flareup between Nationalist and Communist China. The ship returned to her home port of San Diego on 7 December 1958, and spent the first 6 months of 1959 on maneuvers and training exercises after refitting in Mare Island (Vallejo) Navy Yard. "Isherwood" then sailed for her fifth 7th Fleet cruise 1 August 1959. During the next months she operated with carrier "Lexington" (CV-16) in the South China Sea, helping to limit the fighting in Laos and lending strength to United Nations efforts to find a solution. After additional flight operations and fleet exercises, the ship sailed for San Diego 29 November 1959. In 1960 "Isherwood" took part in training operations, including a summer NROTC midshipmen training cruise, until sailing again for 7th Fleet duty 18 October. She served on Taiwan Patrol and took part in an amphibious exercise on Okinawa before arriving San Diego 27 March 1961. "Isherwood" engaged in training off California until decommissioning 11 September 1961. She was loaned to Peru 8 October 1961, but was never returned. The Peruvian Navy renamed the ship BAP "Almirante Guise" (DD-72). The ship was stricken and scrapped in 1981. "Isherwood" received five battle stars for World War II service. </doc> <doc id="2337370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337370" title="The Specialist"> The Specialist The Specialist is a 1994 American action thriller spy film directed by Luis Llosa and starring Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone, James Woods, Eric Roberts and Rod Steiger. It is loosely based on "The Specialist" series of novels by John Shirley. In 1984, Captain Ray Quick (Stallone) and Colonel Ned Trent (Woods), explosives experts working for the CIA, are on a mission to blow up a car transporting a South American drug dealer. But when the car appears, a little girl is inside with the dealer. Ray insists they abort the mission, but Ned intends to see it through and allows the explosion to happen, resulting in the deaths of both the drug dealer and the child. Furious by the girl's wrongful death, Ray savagely beats Ned and flees, effectively resigning from the CIA. Years later, in Miami, Ray works as a freelance hit man. Desperate people contact him via an Internet bulletin board and he takes the cases that interest him. Ray specializes in "shaping" his explosions, building and planting bombs that blow up only the intended target while leaving innocent bystanders unharmed. He answers ads placed by a woman named May Munro (Stone) and speaks to her often to decide if he should take the job or not. During the talks he becomes intrigued by her story, coupled with the fact that he sees how attractive she is while following her. She is the only child of parents who were killed by Tomas Leon (Roberts) and his men. Against his better judgment, and pushed by her insistence that she will infiltrate the gang with or without him, Ray is persuaded to accept the job. Even though he has agreed, May ingratiates herself into Tomas' world as Adrian Hastings. Ned now works for Joe Leon (Steiger), Tomas' father and director of their mafia organization. Once the hits on their lower level guys begin, they contact the chief of police to place Ned in their bomb squad. May tolerates Tomas and plays along as his girlfriend so she can watch the hits one by one. It is revealed after the second target is killed that May has actually been forced into a partnership with Ned, whose goal was to coax Ray out of hiding. After the job in South America went wrong, Ned was dismissed from the CIA and is intent on revenge. When the trap for Tomas is set, May is in the room; the resulting explosion appears to kill them both. When Ned goes to Joe to pay his respects, he is left alive only so he can find Ray and bring him to Joe before Tomas is buried. Both Ray and Ned believe that May is dead, yet Ray discovers that bulletin board messages are still being posted. He responds to one, quickly realizing that it is a trap set by Ned and the bomb squad, and baits Ned into an explosive tirade. When he goes to the funeral of Adrian Hastings, Ray finds that May is alive. She went to the funeral to see if Ray would attend. They go to the Fontainebleau Hotel where they have sex, after which she leaves. Meanwhile, Ned has gone to the cathedral and learns that the person in the casket is not May. She runs into Ned in the hotel lobby and makes an excuse as to why she did not tell him that she was alive. A henchman is ordered to take her to the car and on the way she asks to use the restroom. Once there, she uses a cell phone to warn Ray. He rigs the hotel room to explode, and when Ned's henchmen enter the room it detonates, breaking the entire room off into the ocean. In a final showdown, Ray and May are cornered in Ray's own booby-trapped warehouse. Ned pursues them, but is done in by his own hubris when he steps on a bomb. After the entire warehouse goes up due to the chain of bombs exploding, it appears that all inside have been killed. The next day Joe reads about the incident at the warehouse. He then opens the mail brought to him and finds a necklace. It contains a picture of May's parents, which then explodes. After hearing the blast and knowing all responsible for her parents' death are dead, Ray asks how she feels, to which she responds, "Better." Despite being a box office hit, critical reception was overwhelmingly negative as it has a 7% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 28 reviews. Roger Ebert gave it two stars out of four, stating that ""The Specialist" is one of those films that forces the characters through torturous mazes of dialogue and action, to explain a plot that is so unlikely it's not worth the effort. You know a movie's in trouble when the people in line at the parking garage afterward are trying to figure out what the heroine's motivations were." The film is listed in Golden Raspberry Award founder John Wilson's book "The Official Razzie Movie Guide" as one of "The 100 Most Enjoyably Bad Movies Ever Made". "The Specialist" opened in the U.S. on October 7, 1994 and was one of Stallone's few box office hits in the 1990s. It opened to $14,317,765 in its opening weekend and ended up making back its budget with $57,362,582 at the domestic box office while making another $113,000,000 overseas, giving it a worldwide gross of $170,362,582. It was Stallone's third highest-grossing movie at the box office in the 1990s and the second highest overall gross next to "Cliffhanger". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B-" on an A+ to F scale. At the 15th Golden Raspberry Awards, the film was nominated in five categories and won two of them. At the 17th Stinkers Bad Movie Awards, the film was nominated in four categories and won one of them. </doc> <doc id="2337371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337371" title="Eduard Jan Dijksterhuis"> Eduard Jan Dijksterhuis Eduard Jan Dijksterhuis (28 October 1892 in Tilburg – 18 May 1965 in De Bilt) was a Dutch historian of science. He studied mathematics at the University of Groningen from 1911 to 1918 and titled his Ph.D. thesis "A Contribution to the Knowledge of the Flat Helicoid." From 1916 to 1953 he was a professor and taught mathematics, physics and cosmography. He wrote about Archimedes in the late 1930s and early 1940s. He advocated changes in the way mathematics was taught to reinforce the formal characteristics of the discipline. In 1950, he was appointed as a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 1953, he was appointed to teach the history of mathematics and the nature of science at Utrecht University and in 1955 at Leiden University. In 1962 he was awarded the Sarton Medal by the History of Science Society. </doc> <doc id="2337372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337372" title="Ennal's Point"> Ennal's Point Ennal's Point is a novel by Alun Richards, first published in 1977. The story concerns the crew of a south Wales lifeboat, loosely modelled on the Swansea-based Mumbles lifeboat. In 1982, the novel was adapted by BBC Wales for the BBC2 network and starred Philip Madoc as lifeboat coxswain Jack Tustin, with a crew that included Glyn Owen. Veteran actress Rachel Thomas also appeared in the series, which used an instrumental segment of Hazel O'Connor's hit, "Will You?", as its theme. </doc> <doc id="2337376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337376" title="Hanka Bielicka"> Hanka Bielicka Anna Weronika Bielicka (9 November 1915 – 9 March 2006) was a Polish singer and actress who was known by the name Hanna and its affectionate diminutive Hanka. Hanka Bielicka was born in 1915 in Konovka near Poltava (then part of the Russian Empire, now Ukraine). After the First World War she moved to Łomża, where she lived until the beginning of World War II, after that she was still very fond of the town and had big influence on its culture. In 1939 she completed her degree in Warsaw, after which she started to work as an actress. During World War II she worked closely with Polish Theater "Pohulanka" in Vilnius; after 1945 she played in many Polish theaters: Dramatic in Białystok, Cameral in Łódź and others. In 1977 she retired but continued to appear on stage and on TV. Her first cabaret turned out to be her breakthrough, it is where she met Bogdan Brzeziński, who decided to write something especially for her. After A couple of years of planning he created a character of Dziunia Pietruńska who commented on reality in a unique and unforgettable way. The part was so beloved by the people that it could be heard on Polish radio for 25 years on podcast called“ Podwieczorek przy mikrofonie“ ( “Afternoon tea with the microphone.” ) The most recognized feature of Bielicka was her voice which, by her friends, was often called " the most beautiful hoarseness of the Word" She was also famous for many extravagant hats ( unchangeable despite the years ) which she wore during her performances. She also appeared in more than 20 cinematic and television movies. Because her voice was considered to be not appropriate for film she was usually cast in secondary roles. She died on the 9th of March 2006 after undergoing aortic aneurysm operation after which she didn’t regain consciousness. After her death she was burried in Powązki Cemetery in her family tomb. wam pokażę!" (2006) </doc> <doc id="2337410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337410" title="Redouan al-Issar"> Redouan al-Issar Redouan al Issar (also known as Abu Khaled or simply "The Syrian") was born in Syria in the late fifties or early sixties. He is by profession a geologist and a terrorist. He was the oldest member of the Dutch-based terrorist group, Hofstadgroep or Hofstad Network. He is considered to be the spiritual leader of the group. </doc> <doc id="2337418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337418" title="Duke (musician)"> Duke (musician) Duke (born Mark Carson Adams) is a British singer, songwriter and producer. He had two Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: his deep house version of "So In Love With You," which was his biggest hit, reaching #1 in 1997, and his follow-up "Greater," which peaked at #9 in 1998. Mark Adams was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, North East of England. </doc> <doc id="2337426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337426" title="Michael Gelman"> Michael Gelman Michael Seth Gelman (born August 4, 1961) is the executive producer of "Live with Kelly and Ryan". He also occasionally takes small roles on television, appearing in two episodes of Kelly Ripa's ABC sitcom "Hope and Faith". Gelman grew up in the Chicago suburb of Highland Park, Illinois. While earning a degree in broadcast production management from the University of Colorado School of Journalism, Gelman worked for the U.S. Ski Association covering pre-Olympic trials all over the country as a cameraman, field producer and editor. Gelman's most important internship came during the summer of his junior year at WABC-TV in New York, the station that would later produce "Live! with Kelly and Ryan". In the 1980s he became a production assistant on Regis Philbin's local talk show, "The Morning Show". Gelman worked his way to Executive Producer on "The Morning Show" which would eventually become "Live!". Gelman has been parodied on "The Dana Carvey Show" by Stephen Colbert, and on "Saturday Night Live" by Chris Kattan and Rachel Dratch as a flamboyant, ambiguously gay character. In 2000, he married Laurie Hibberd, a television personality from Canada. They have two daughters, Jamie and Misha, and live in Manhattan. </doc> <doc id="2337430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337430" title="William D. Berry"> William D. Berry William D. Berry or Bill Berry (May 20, 1926 – 1979) was an influential Alaskan artist known for his wildlife sketches, cartoons, and paintings. He was born May 20, 1926 in San Mateo, California. He met and married Elizabeth, and they had two sons, Mark (b. 1959) and Paul (b. 1962). The family moved to Fairbanks, Alaska in 1965. One of his last works was a mural for the children's room in the Noel Wien Public Library in Fairbanks. He was shot and killed before he was able to complete the mural. His mural, "An Alaskan Fairytale," was completed by illustrator and Caldecott Medal winner Trina Schart Hyman. </doc> <doc id="2337432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337432" title="Xerardo Fernández Albor"> Xerardo Fernández Albor Xerardo Fernández Albor (7 September 1917 – 12 July 2018) was a Spanish physician and president of the autonomous community of Galicia. He lost a motion of no confidence in 1987. He was a member of the People's Party. Albor died in Santiago de Compostela on 12 July 2018, at the age of 100. </doc> <doc id="2337458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337458" title="Lorraine Gary"> Lorraine Gary Lorraine Gary (born August 16, 1937) is a retired American actress, best known for her role as Ellen Brody in "Jaws", "Jaws 2", and "". She also appeared in "1941" and "Car Wash". Gary was born as Lorraine Gottfried in Forest Hills, Queens, to Betty and George Gottfried, an entertainment business manager. At an early age, she moved with her family to Los Angeles, California, where she was raised. At age 16, she won a best actress award in a competition at the prestigious Pasadena Playhouse. She was offered a scholarship to enroll at the Pasadena Playhouse, but declined and attended Columbia University as a political science major instead. A life member of the Actors Studio, Gary began her acting career in the late 1960s doing guest appearances on several popular TV shows. These include "Night Gallery", "Dragnet 1968", in an episode entitled ""The Big Shipment"", "McCloud", "The Marcus-Nelson Murders" (the pilot for "Kojak"), and "The F.B.I.". She began her first major acting role when she was a guest star on seven episodes of the TV series "Ironside", among them "Tom Dayton Is Loose Among Us", in which she played the substitute librarian Miss Kirk, who pushes the unstable Tom Dayton too hard, and "In Search of an Artist", as a woman with a drinking problem who may have been involved in a murder. In addition to her work as an actress, Gary owned New Hope Productions, a company that produced television programs. Gary is a member of the Human Rights Watch Women's Rights Advisory Committee, for whom she produced and directed a series of fourteen educational videotapes, and an Advisory Board Member of Ms. Magazine and Girls Learn International. In 1995, together with her husband, Gary received the Simon Wiesenthal Center's Humanitarian Award. Gary married entertainment industry executive Sidney Sheinberg on August 19, 1956 at the age of 19, with whom she has two sons named Jonathan J. and William David. She retired from acting after her appearance in the film "1941" (1979). She came out of retirement to reprise her role as Ellen Brody for the third time in "", released in 1987. Her sons, Bill Sheinberg and Jonathan Sheinberg, are both film producers. </doc> <doc id="2337462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337462" title="Alnus subcordata"> Alnus subcordata Alnus subcordata, Caucasian Alder, is a species in the family Betulaceae, native to temperate areas of Iran and the Caucasus. It is a deciduous tree growing to 15–25 m tall, closely related to the Italian Alder ("A. cordata"), with similar glossy green cordate leaves 5–15 cm long. The flowers are catkins, the male catkins very slender, 8–15 cm long, the female catkins small, maturing into a woody cone-like fruit 2–3 cm long containing numerous small winged seeds. Its wood is employed in paper production. It has a calorific value of about 4.6 cal/g. Shayanmehr, F., JalaliI, S., Hosseinzadeh Colagar, A., Yousefzadeh, H., & Zare, H. (2015). Pollen morphology of the genus "Alnus" mill. In hyrcanian forests, north of iran. Applied ecology and environmental research, "13"(3), 833-847. https://doi.org/10.15666/aeer/1303_833847 Rahimi, D., Kartoolinejad, D., Nourmohammadi, K., & Naghdi, R. (2016). Increasing drought resistance of Alnus subcordata CA Mey. seeds using a nano priming technique with multi-walled carbon nanotubes. "Journal of Forest Science", "62"(6), 269-278. http://www.agriculturejournals.cz/web/jfs/?s=rahimi&x=0&y=0 Colagar, A. H., Yousefzadeh, H., Shayanmehr, F., Jalali, S. G., Zare, H., & Tippery, N. P. (2016). Molecular taxonomy of Hyrcanian Alnus using nuclear ribosomal ITS and chloroplast trnH-psbA DNA barcode markers. "Systematics and biodiversity", "14"(1), 88-101. http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/14772000.2015.1102172 </doc> <doc id="2337467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337467" title="Pryce Pryce-Jones"> Pryce Pryce-Jones Sir Pryce Pryce-Jones (16 October 1834 – 11 January 1920) was a Welsh entrepreneur who was one of the first to succeed in the mail order business. Pryce-Jones was born in Llanllwchaiarn, just outside Newtown, Montgomeryshire. He was apprenticed to a local draper, John Davies, and took over Davies's business in 1856. In the same year he married Eleanor Rowley Morris of Newtown. Pryce-Jones started with his own little shop selling drapery just off Broad Street. Renamed the Royal Welsh Warehouse, the business flourished. Newtown had always had a woollen industry and it was the local Welsh flannel which formed the mainstay of Pryce-Jones' business. Post Office reforms and the arrival of the railways in Newtown helped turn the small rural concern into a company with customers around the globe. Pryce-Jones was one of the first to sell by mail order on a large scale, dispatching his goods by post and train. It was an ideal way of meeting the needs of customers in isolated rural locations who were either too busy or unable to get into Newtown to shop. It was Britain's first large scale mail order business. The further expansion of the railways in the years that followed allowed Pryce Jones to take orders from further afield and his business grew rapidly. He built up an impressive list of customers – among them Florence Nightingale as well as Queen Victoria, the Princess of Wales and royal households across Europe. He also began selling Welsh flannel from Newtown to America and even Australia. Pryce-Jones is credited with the invention of the sleeping bag, patented in 1876 under the name of the Euklisia Rug. Several times, he was forced to re-locate to bigger premises. In 1879, he built the Royal Welsh Warehouse, a tall red brick building in the centre of Newtown which still stands today and which remained home to a mail order company until 2011, albeit not the original Pryce-Jones company. By 1880, he had more than 100,000 customers and his success was acknowledged by Queen Victoria in 1887 with a knighthood, when he became Sir Pryce Pryce-Jones. He was also elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament for Montgomery from 1885 to 1886, and from 1892 to 1895. In 1891, Pryce-Jones became the High Sheriff of Montgomeryshire. Pryce-Jones died in 1920 at the age of 85. The company he had built up over decades was hit badly by the depression of the 1920s and 1930s, being taken over by Lewis's of Liverpool in 1938. </doc> <doc id="2337478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337478" title="List of Presidents of the Regional Government of Galicia"> List of Presidents of the Regional Government of Galicia Under the Galician Statute of Autonomy, the President of the Regional Government of Galicia is the head of the government of the Spanish autonomous community of Galicia. Namely, he/she is the president of the executive body of the Galician government, the Xunta de Galicia. As in other parliamentary democracies the President is actually appointed by the Parliament which is, on the other hand, directly voted in by the citizens. The democratic period in Galicia starts in 1977 with the end of the Francoist dictatorship. Before that Galicia had last enjoyed self-government in the Middle Ages, in addition to a short period when the "Xunta Suprema de Galicia" was established during the Peninsular War (1808-1813). Technically speaking, the first two presidents up to 1981 were presidents of a non-autonomous Galicia, since the actual Statute of Autonomy was only passed in April 1981. Nonetheless, they played an important role in setting up the institution. </doc> <doc id="2337480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337480" title="Rachid Belkacem"> Rachid Belkacem Rachid Belkacem (1973 - July 5, 2006) was a Dutch national, and a suspected member of the terrorist organisation Hofstad Network. He was never convicted in court. His nickname was Abu Fadel, he was a friend of Mohammed Bouyeri, the murderer of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh. Belkacem was arrested in Whitechapel, London on 22 June 2005 on request of the Dutch authorities. Belkacems name arose in an investigation about people smuggling in the Dutch province of Zeeland. He was extradited on 2 August 2005. He was charged with being a member of a terrorist organisation. In addition he was charged with recruiting for armed struggle, several firearms offences and forging documents. Belkacem allegedly helped Redouan al-Issar, spiritual leader of the Hofstad Network, flee the Netherlands on the day of the murder of Theo van Gogh. Belkacem was released provisionally in March 2006, because the public prosecutor deemed an eventual conviction for membership of a terrorist organisation highly unlikely. In April he was acquitted of the illegal possession of a firearm. In July 2006, Belkacem was found dead in his house in Zierikzee. Friends and family claimed he was poisoned. Police investigated the circumstances of his death. </doc> <doc id="2337481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337481" title="Patrick Malahide"> Patrick Malahide Patrick Gerald Duggan (born on 24 March 1945), known professionally as Patrick Malahide, is a British actor, known for his roles as Detective Sergeant Albert Chisholm in the TV series "Minder" and Balon Greyjoy in the TV series "Game of Thrones". Malahide was born in Reading, Berkshire, the son of Irish immigrants, his mother, a cook and father, a school secretary. He was educated at Douai School, Woolhampton, Berkshire. He made his television debut in 1976, in an episode of "The Flight of the Heron", then in single episodes of "Sutherland's Law" and "The New Avengers" (1976) and "ITV Playhouse" (1977). He was then in an adaptation of "The Eagle of the Ninth", and his first film was "Sweeney 2" in the following year. In 1979 he began a nine-year stint as Detective Sergeant Albert "Cheerful Charlie" Chisholm in the popular TV series "Minder". His television appearances have included dramas such as "The Singing Detective" (1986) and "Middlemarch" (1994), and he played Ngaio Marsh's Inspector Roderick Alleyn in a "1993–94 series". His films include "Comfort and Joy" (1984), "A Month in the Country" (1987) and "Captain Corelli's Mandolin" (2001). In 1999, he made a small appearance in the introduction to the James Bond film "The World Is Not Enough" as a Swiss banker named Lachaise working in Bilbao. He played Mr. Ryder in the 2008 film adaptation of "Brideshead Revisited", and from 2012 to 2016 portrayed Balon Greyjoy, the father of Theon Greyjoy, in the TV series "Game of Thrones". He is portraying Magnus Crowe in the "Mortal Engines". </doc> <doc id="2337486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337486" title="Dead End (Angel)"> Dead End (Angel) "Dead End" is episode 18 of season 2 in the television show "Angel". Written by David Greenwalt and directed by James A. Contner, it was originally broadcast on April 24, 2001 on the WB television network. In "Dead End", Lindsey receives a new hand from Wolfram & Hart, which appears to have an evil agenda of its own. Angel and Lindsey independently discover that Wolfram & Hart forcefully removes limbs from people to obtain transplants, and work together to destroy the clinic responsible. Disillusioned, Lindsey leaves Los Angeles. Lindsey McDonald wakes up and goes about his daily routine of getting washed, affixing his prosthetic hand and getting ready for work. As he removes a shirt with a pre-knotted tie from his wardrobe he cannot help but look at his guitar, now lonely and unplayed. Meanwhile a man and his family go about their morning business before the wife and kids rush off to their destinations. The man follows moments later, picks up a large kitchen knife and jolts about violently. Cordelia gets a nasty vision about the man that sends her flying about the hotel, landing on the floor in tears. After she recovers, she says she saw a man who stabbed himself in the eye. The team splits up to call hospitals, check out morgues and the streets for any information on the guy from Cordy's vision. Lindsey and Lilah speak with their boss, Nathan Reed, about their upcoming reevaluation. Later, Nathan privately tells Lindsey that he made a surprise doctor's appointment for him. At the Fairfield Clinic, Lindsey learns from the doctor that Wolfram & Hart has arranged for him to get a new, live hand. During the procedure, a Pockla demon is brought in to perform a brief ritual and complete the attachment of the hand to Lindsey, leaving only a little scar. The next day, Lindsey wakes up, enjoying his new hand. While getting ready, he notices his guitar again, but this time picks it up and plays. Later at the office, Lilah notices Lindsey's new hand and grows very nervous about her job since Wolfram & Hart spent so much money on her "partner." At the office, Angel has a wide assortment of food delivered as he wanted to get food for Cordelia but didn't want to bother her by asking what she wanted. She appreciates it and as she leaves, she remembers from her vision that the man was happy about his eye before he stabbed it. Wesley and Gunn discover the man, Joseph Kramer, was transferred overseas. Having reached a dead end, the gang is forced to go to Caritas. On stage, they are shocked and impressed to find Lindsey singing and playing guitar with the audience completely mesmerized by his musical ability. The Host informs them that Lindsey and Angel need to work together to solve the case, but Angel and Lindsey are completely opposed to the idea. Based on the fact that Lindsey got a new hand and Kramer a new eye, it's concluded that somewhere body part transplants are being done. At Wolfram & Hart, Lindsey sneaks into Nathan's office to look up information on Fairfield Clinic, where he got the transplant. He later spots Lilah stealing files. Angel discovers information on Lindsey's hand, finding that it belonged to a Bradley Scott, an employee of Wolfram & Hart. Lindsey visits a parole officer for information about the clinic, but the man gets violent when Lindsey doesn't know the code. Before the man can shoot Lindsey in the head, Angel arrives and saves him. Holding the officer by a rope around his neck, Angel demands information. Wesley and Gunn worry about Cordelia as she seems to be suffering from the visions for as long as the problem remains. Angel and Lindsey head for a building as Angel confirms their location with the parole officer tied up in the trunk. Angel and Lindsey take care of the security guards inside then they head downstairs through a trap door to the place where the body parts are harvested. Lindsey spots Bradley Scott (the former owner of Lindsey's new hand) muttering 'kill'. Lindsey asks who he wants him to kill, and Bradley responds with a simple "kill me". It's decided to save those still fully intact and kill the rest before the building is blown up. At Wolfram & Hart, Lindsey takes full advantage of his new "evil" hand. He knows he was the one chosen to take over, but he suggests Lilah take the job as he's got other issues to deal with. Lindsey encounters Angel outside by his truck and reluctantly talks to him, telling Angel he's leaving Los Angeles. Christian Kane recalls the scene in which he and Angel are driving to the Wolfram & Hart clinic as another of his favorite moments from his time on the series. "When we're driving in the car, it was five o'clock in the morning, the sun was getting ready to come up and it was the last shot of the day and it's colder than shit," he jokingly recalls. "We're in a convertible car and it was so easy. It's very easy to act with him and it's really not a big scene but it was just me and David. Five o'clock, very tired, very cold and we're driving in this car and we got it done. There was a lot of dialogue and there were a lot of emotions going on in that time and it was very simple." "L.A. Song", the song Lindsey sings at Caritas, was written by actor Christian Kane and producer David Greenwalt. The guitar was recorded with Steve Carlson playing, but Kane is actually singing. </doc> <doc id="2337487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337487" title="Bogusław Schaeffer"> Bogusław Schaeffer Bogusław Julien Schaeffer (also Schäffer) (born June 6, 1929, in Lwów) (now Lviv, Ukraine) is a Polish composer, musicologist, and graphic artist, a member of the avantgarde "Cracow Group" of Polish composers alongside Krzysztof Penderecki and others. After studying violin in Opole and graduating in musical composition under Zdzisław Jachimecki in 1953 at the Academy of Music in Kraków, Schaeffer has been an active composer and musical theoretician. From 1963, he was a lecturer on composition at the Kraków Academy, and he was a professor at the Hochschule für Music in Salzburg from the mid-1980s to 2000. Konstancja Kochaniec was one of his students. Schaeffer's 'Klavier Konzert' was used on the soundtrack of David Lynch's 2006 film Inland Empire. </doc> <doc id="2337488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337488" title="Edward Benlowes"> Edward Benlowes Edward Benlowes (July 12, 1603 – December 18, 1676) was an English poet. The son of Andrew Benlowes of Brent Hall, Essex, he matriculated at St Johns College, Cambridge, on 8 April 1620. On leaving the university he travelled with a tutor on the continent, visiting seven courts of princes. Wood says that he returned tinged with Romanism; but according to Cole he had been bred in the Roman Catholic religion from his earliest years. On the death of his father he became possessed of the estate of Brent Hall, but being a man of a very liberal disposition he contrived 'to squander it mostly away on poets, flatterers (which he loved), in buying of curiosities (which some called baubles), on musicians, buffoons, &c.' (Wood). He often gave his bond for the payment of debts contracted by his friends, and on one occasion, being unable to meet the obligation he had incurred, was committed to prison at Oxford. To his niece at her marriage, he granted a handsome portion, and many poor scholars experienced his bounty. When he left Cambridge he made a valuable donation of books to St. John's College. Among his friends, he numbered many distinguished men. In 1638, Phineas Fletcher dedicated to him "The Purple Island." Sir William Davenant, Francis Quarles, Payne Fisher, and others, dedicated works to him or complimented him in epigrams. Benlowes spent the last eight years of his life at Oxford, studying much in the Bodleian Library, and enjoying 'conversation with ingenious.' He died after, he marched off in a cold season, on 18 December 1676, at eight o'clock at night. Benlowes' chief work is entitled "Theophila, or Love's Sacrifice, a divine poem. Written by E. B. Esq. Several parts thereof set to fit aires, by Mr. J. Jenkins," 1652, fol. The poem is divided into thirteen cantos, most of which are preceded by large plates of Hollar and others. Prefixed to the first canto, which is entitled the "Prelibation to the Sacrifice," is an engraving of a full-length figure (presumably the author) seated at a writing-table. The volume is greatly valued for the engravings. A reader who is not dismayed by the author's conceits and extravagances will be rewarded by finding passages where subtlety of thought is joined to felicity of diction. Later writers were exceedingly severe on Benlowes's poetry. </doc> <doc id="2337490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337490" title="Agnelli &amp; Nelson"> Agnelli &amp; Nelson Agnelli & Nelson is the collective name of Northern Irish music producers Christoper James Agnew and Robert Frederick Nelson, writers and producers of dance music who have worked in the genre of trance since 1997. They also produce music under the names Afterburn, Cortez, Green Atlas, Quincey & Sonance and The A&N Project. Since 1997, Agnew and Nelson have been writing and producing dance music, including their hits "El Nino" and "Everyday". They have to date produced five Top 40 hits in the United Kingdom, and countless remixes, from Armin van Buuren to U2. The pair have collaborated with other major artists, including Matt Darey, Jon the Dentist, Scott Bond, Solarstone, and Chicane. They have also appeared on BBC Radio 1 six times. They produced music for Xtravaganza, and labels such as Tsunami Records and ID&T. Their remix of John O'Callaghan's "Big Sky" was voted the number one trance production on A State Of Trance in 2007, the radio show hosted by Armin Van Buuren. </doc> <doc id="2337491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337491" title="Borys Paton"> Borys Paton Borys Yevhenovych Paton () (born November 27, 1918) is the long-term chairman of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He was appointed to this post in 1962. Paton was re-appointed for another term in office in 2015. He was born in Kiev in the family of scientist and founder of Paton Institute of Electric Welding in Kiev, Professor Evgeny Oscarovich Paton. His mother was a housewife. In 1941, he completed Kyiv Polytechnic Institute and became an engineer. Paton joined the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine on November 18, 1958 and is the first person to have been awarded the title of the Hero of Ukraine. He holds a doctoral degree in technical sciences and is known for his works in electric welding. Paton's father, Evgeny Paton, was also famous for his works in electric welding. The first welded bridge in Kiev, constructed under the supervision of Evgeny Paton, bears his name. In the early 1970s and 1980s Paton had advised the Soviet authorities not to build the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant. </doc> <doc id="2337495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337495" title="Généralité"> Généralité Recettes générales, commonly known as généralités (), were the administrative divisions of France under the Ancien Régime and are often considered to prefigure the current "préfectures". At the time of the French Revolution, there were thirty-six "généralités". Among the multiple divisions utilised for various purposes by the kings' administrators, "généralités" emerged gradually from the 14th to the 16th centuries. Initially fiscal, their role steadily increased to become by the late 17th century — under the authority of an "intendant" (reporting to the Controller-General of Finances) — the very framework of royal administration and centralisation. Before the 14th century, oversight of the collection of royal taxes fell generally to the "baillis" and "sénéchaux" in their circumscriptions. Reforms in the 14th and 15th centuries saw France's royal financial administration run by two financial boards which worked in a collegial manner: the four "généraux des finances" (also called "général conseiller" or "receveur général" ) oversaw the collection of taxes ("taille", "aides", "gabelle", etc.) and the four "trésoriers de France" (treasurers) oversaw revenues from royal lands (the "domaine royal"). Together they were often referred to as "messieurs des finances". The four members of each board were divided by geographical circumscriptions (although the term "généralité" is not found before the end of the 15th century); the areas were named Languedoïl (center and southwest of the country), Languedoc (Languedoc, Lyonnais, Forez, Beaujolais), Outre-Seine-et-Yonne (Île-de-France, Champagne), and Normandy (the latter was created in 1449; the other three were created earlier), with the directors of the Languedoïl region typically having an honorific preeminence. By 1484, the number of "généralités" had increased to six. In the 16th century, the kings of France, in an effort to exert a more direct control over royal finances and to circumvent the double-board (accused of poor oversight), instituted numerous administrative reforms, including the restructuring of the financial administration and an increase in the number of "généralités". On December 7, 1542, by edict of Francis I, France was divided into sixteen "généralités". The number increased to twenty-one at the end of the 16th century, and to thirty-six by the time of the French Revolution. The last two were created in 1784. The administration of the "généralités" of the early modern period went through a variety of reforms. In 1577 Henry III established five treasurers ("trésoriers généraux") in each "généralité" who would form a bureau of finances. In the 17th century, oversight of the "généralités" was subsumed by the "intendants of finance, justice and police", and the expression "généralité" and "intendance" became roughly synonymous. </doc> <doc id="2337511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337511" title="Great Rail Journeys"> Great Rail Journeys Great Rail Journeys, based in York, United Kingdom, is a tour operator that offers escorted worldwide rail tour holidays. The company is Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) and Air Travel Organisers' Licensing (ATOL)-bonded and is a member of the Association of Independent Tour Operators (AITO). </doc> <doc id="2337515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337515" title="Afterburn"> Afterburn Afterburn may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337516" title="Scotch College, Melbourne"> Scotch College, Melbourne Scotch College is an independent Presbyterian day and boarding school for boys, located in Hawthorn, an inner-eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Studies have found that Scotch had more alumni mentioned in "Who's Who in Australia" (a listing of notable Australians) than any other school. It is one of the wealthiest schools in Australia. In 2010 "The Age" reported that Scotch College "has educated more of Australia's most honoured and influential citizens than any other school in the nation", based on research that revealed its alumni had received more top Order of Australia honours than any other school. The college was established in 1851 as The Melbourne Academy in a house in Spring Street, Melbourne, by the Rev. James Forbes of the Free Presbyterian Church of Victoria. It is the oldest extant secondary school in Victoria and celebrated its sesquicentenary in 2001. Scotch is a founding member of the Associated Public Schools of Victoria (APS), and is affiliated with the International Coalition of Boys' Schools, the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA), the Australian Boarding Schools' Association (ABSA), the Association of Independent Schools of Victoria (AISV), and the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. The School is a former member of the G20 Schools Group and a current member of the Global Alliance of Leading-Edge Schools. Scotch College is the oldest surviving secondary school in Victoria. Its foundation was due to the initiative of the Rev. James Forbes, of the Free Presbyterian Church, who arrived in 1838 as the first settled Christian minister in what became the colony of Victoria in 1851. It is "the outcome of the old Scottish ideal of education", in which church and school were inextricably connected. The school opened on 6 October 1851, under the name of the Melbourne Academy in a small house in Spring Street, with Robert Lawson, a Scot from Edinburgh University, as the first principal. The house was soon outgrown, as was a larger one on the northwest corner of Spring and Little Collins Streets (later the Ulster Family Hotel) and the Church applied to the government for a grant of land. Two acres were reserved for the school on Eastern Hill and substantial new buildings were erected there in 1853. The cost was met partly by a government grant and partly from funds raised by the friends of the school. Lawson resigned in 1856. Under his successor, Alexander Morrison, the school grew and prospered; it came under the oversight of the newly formed Presbyterian Church of Victoria in 1859. Morrison had been Rector of Hamilton Academy and remained at Scotch for 46 years. William Still Littlejohn, who took over the school in 1904, served for 29 years, and his successor, Colin Macdonald Gilray, for 19. So, when the school became the first in Victoria to celebrate its centenary, Gilray was only the fourth principal. Gilray was succeeded in 1953 by R. Selby Smith, an Old Rugbeian who had served in the Royal Navy during the war and was at the time of his appointment Deputy Director of Education for Warwickshire. Smith resigned in 1964 to become the Foundation Dean of Education at Monash University. C. O. Healey, who had been Headmaster of Sydney Grammar School since 1951, succeeded Smith. Healey retired in January 1975. In the following May, P. A. V. Roff, formerly Headmaster of Scotch College, Adelaide, was installed as the seventh principal of the college. Roff's tenure, though a brief seven years, was characterised by an expanding voice for staff in the day-to-day management of the school, the establishment of a Foundation Office at the School under the direction of a Development Officer and the widening of the House System to provide greater depth in pastoral care. His last few years saw the school in dispute over ownership and, for the principal and his school community, it was a time of stress. In 1980 the decision was made to incorporate the school and a new Council was appointed, with representatives from the Presbyterian Church, the Old Scotch Collegians' Association and the community at large. F. G. Donaldson, a vice principal from Wallace High School (Northern Ireland), with a Ph.D. in atomic physics from Queens University Belfast, succeeded Roff in 1983. Under his principalship there was a significant building program that created new facilities for the education of boys, the development of ICT for administrative and educational purposes, and enhanced pastoral care of students. I. Tom Batty was appointed as the ninth principal of Scotch and installed into office on 14 July 2008. Prior to his appointment he was Housemaster of Villiers House, Eton College in the UK. The early years of Batty's tenure have seen the introduction of a new House-based pastoral care structure in the Upper School, which began at the start of the 2011 school year. The School was originally called ""The Melbourne Academy"", after its location, when it opened in 1851. In its early years it was also known as For a while all of these names were used concurrently until in the 1860s the usage settled on ""The Scotch College"", which was later shortened to be simply ""Scotch College"". The School's coat-of-arms (shown above, right) features the following elements: The motto of the School, shown in Scottish heraldic style in a scroll above the coat-of-arms, is Latin: ""Deo Patriae Litteris"". Its meaning in English is "For God, For Country, For Learning". F. G. Donaldson AM retired as principal at the conclusion of 2007, having served 25 years, and was succeeded by I. T. Batty who commenced his term in 2008. Batty is only the ninth principal in the school's 165-year history. Scotch is an incorporated body governed by a Council made up of three groups; Five persons (usually Old Boys) nominated by the Old Scotch Collegians' Association (Group B), Five Presbyterian Church of Victoria nominees (Group A) and seven persons nominated by Council from the community at large (Group C), usually with some connection with the School and the Christian church. Chairmen of the Council have included Sir Arthur Robinson, Sir Archibald Glenn, Sir James Balderstone, David Crawford AO Michael B Robinson AO and The Hon. David A. Kemp. In 1977, most congregations of the Australian Presbyterian church merged with the Methodist and Congregationalist churches in Australia to form the Uniting Church in Australia. The Presbyterian Church of Australia continued with the remaining congregations. In the split, Scotch College, Melbourne was allocated to the Presbyterian Church of Australia by the Property Commission of the Presbyterian Church, which included an even number of representatives from the Uniting Church and the continuing Presbyterian Church as well as independent commissioners. At the time the Scotch Council unsuccessfully appealed this decision. Scotch has been a boarding school since its foundation. Today the School caters for 160 boarders of whom around 70% are drawn from around Australia and 30% are from overseas. The boarding precinct is on "The Hill" which overlooks the Senior School at the main Hawthorn campus. There are three boarding houses: "School House", "McMeckan House" and "Arthur Robinson House". Both "School House" and "McMeckan House" were built as the gift of Anthony Mackie, and his brother and sisters, in memory of their uncle Captain James McMeckan. "Arthur Robinson House" is named after a Chairman of the School Council, Sir Arthur Robinson. Scotch students study towards the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE), which is the main secondary student assessment program in Victoria which ranks students with an Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) for university entrance purposes. Some extra-curricular groups and activities at Scotch are: Scotch College competes in the Associated Public Schools of Victoria (APS) league in Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Cricket, Cross Country, Australian Rules Football, Hockey, Rowing, Rugby, Soccer, Squash, Swimming and Diving, Table Tennis, Tennis, Volleyball and Water Polo. In 2015 the first eight won the its sixth consecutive Head of the River, with the School having won eleven out of the previous twelve Heads of the River The school has won the Head of the River event more than any other competing school. As well as claiming the Victorian State title the 2010 first eight was the first interstate school to win the NSW State Championship title in both the Schoolboy 8+ and Men's Under 21 8+ as well as claiming Australian Championship title, with that crew being the most successful Australian schoolboy crew in history. The first eight also represented Australia in the 2013 World Rowing Junior Championships, placing fifth in the A final. In 2017, the 1st VIII went to Henley after a fantastic season winning the head of the river and Australian Championships. They managed to beat Radley in the final to claim the Princess Elizabeth Challenge cup, the first Victorian crew ever to win it and the 3rd Australian crew. Previously it was last won in 2001. This crew is known as the greatest Scotch crew ever. In addition to the APS competition, Scotch competes in a number of competitions with specific schools, including: Alumni of Scotch College are known as "Old Boys" or "Old Collegians", and automatically become members of the School's alumni association, the Old Scotch Collegians' Association (OSCA). Studies over the years have found that Scotch College had more alumni mentioned in "Who's Who in Australia" (a listing of notable Australians) than any other school, and its alumni had received more top Order of Australia honours than any other school. Alumni of Scotch College include </doc> <doc id="2337524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337524" title="Xosé Quiroga Suárez"> Xosé Quiroga Suárez Xosé Quiroga Suárez (4 July 1920 in Petín, Galicia − 18 October 2006 in A Rúa, Galicia) was a Spanish politician and the second president of the pre-autonomic community of Galicia before reaching its Statute of Autonomy in 1981. </doc> <doc id="2337546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337546" title="Air Link International Airways"> Air Link International Airways Air Link International Airways is an airline based in Pasay, Metro Manila, Philippines. It operates charter services and a flying school. Its main base is the Ninoy Aquino International Airport. The airline was established on 10 October 1983 and started operations in 1984. The airline has one NAMC YS-11. The aircraft was substantially damaged in a landing accident in 2006. On November 16, 2006, an aircraft chartered by the Central Bank of The Philippines operating the route Tacloban-Manila was severely damaged after veering off the runway at Manila. All 9 passengers and crew evacuated safely. </doc> <doc id="2337549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337549" title="Stary Sącz"> Stary Sącz Stary Sącz - is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland, seat of the municipality Stary Sącz. It is one of the oldest towns in Poland, founded in the 13th century. Stary Sącz is located in bottom of the valley called Kotlina Sądecka, between two rivers - Dunajec and Poprad, at an altitude of above sea level. The history of the town dates back to the early Middle Ages when Duchess Kinga (Kinga of Poland) the daughter of the King Béla IV of Hungary and the wife of Duke Bolesław V the Chaste, received the land called Sącz, together with surrounding villages, from her husband in the year 1257. It is assumed to be the date of the town foundation. Indeed, the Duchess must have loved the mountains very much, since she founded a Convent of the Poor Clares there in 1280 and she became its duchess herself. Almost at the same time, on the opposite slope of the Sącz hill, the seat of a Franciscan order was established also by Duchess Kinga. In the year 1358 the town received a privilege of the Magdeburg law, confirmed by King Casimir III the Great. An extremely advantageous location, on a very busy trade route to Hungary, fostered the town’s rapid development. However the town was often damaged by disasters, of which fires were the most harmful. The town also did not manage to escape floods, plagues and wars. During the biggest fire, in 1795, almost all the town has burned down. Visitors in Stary Sącz are provided not only with the town’s rich history, unique medieval architecture and many monuments of ecclesiastical buildings. At the fork of the rivers Dunajec and Poprad is a recreation area with a few ponds. (Their overall surface is 14 ha). These ponds contain plenty of fish. There are carp, trout and sanders among them. There are even rainbow trout in a special fishery. These fish attract many anglers. Miejska Góra (The town’s Mountain) encourages hiking and cycling in beautiful wildlife surroundings. Stary Sącz, situated in the lag of the Poprad Landscape Park is also the seat of the Park Service. One of Poland’s biggest landscape parks stretches all over the range of the mountains Radziejowa and Jaworzyna in the Beskid Sądecki region. There are many trails waiting for keen hikers. Some of them start in Stary Sącz. The most attractive are: - The Yellow Route – from the railway station in Stary Sącz via Moszczenica, Przysietnica into the Radziejowa range, where, on the Przehyba summit (1175 m), it joins The Red Route heading towards Krościenko. - The Blue Route – begins at the railway station in Barcice and via Wola Krogulecka climbs the Makowica summit (948 m). A very popular bike route goes from Stary Sącz to the Przehyba summit via Gołkowice and Skrudzina. Stary Sącz is a place for many sporting events. Some of the most well attended are: - The Polish Volleyball Championship of Forest-Schools with competitors from Denmark and Slovakia - The Open Mountain Cycling Youth Competition - The International Motorbike Rally - The Mayor’s Cup Street Race - The All-Polish Ecological Rally - The New Year’s Eve Race from Stary Sącz to Nowy Sącz <br> </doc> <doc id="2337554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337554" title="National Museum of Science and Technology"> National Museum of Science and Technology National Museum of Science and Technology may refer to: National Museum of Science may refer to National Science and Technology Museum may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337558" title="Dat Oven"> Dat Oven Dat Oven is a dance/electronica duo based in New York City. The act consists of Jeffery Gratton (from Worcester, Massachusetts) and Shunji Moriwaki (from Oita, Japan). The act has had three entries on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: The name "Dat Oven" refers to new ideas arising from friction, for example the clash of opinions that a creative duo might impose on each other; or the conflict between art and commerce. Friction generates heat; heat comes from the "Oven"; D.igital A.udio T.echnology is Dat Oven's medium (DAT). In 2014, sister labels Night Slugs (UK) and Fade to Mind (US) put out a joint re-release of "Icy Lake", including several remixes by artists on both labels. </doc> <doc id="2337559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337559" title="Ramzi Mohammed"> Ramzi Mohammed Ramzi Mohammed () (born 18 August 1981) is a Somali national convicted of involvement in the attempted London bombing of 21 July 2005. Ramzi is currently serving a minimum of 40 years for conspiracy to murder on the Oval Underground station train. He was arrested sharing an apartment with Muktar Said Ibrahim on 29 July 2005, amid allegations that he was the so-called 'bus bomber'. During the arrest, which reportedly culminated in Ramzi and Ibrahim standing near-naked on their balcony to avoid tear gas that police had used, Ramzi is reported to have repeatedly shouted "I have rights, I have rights!" to the media covering the event. Later, it was discovered that Ramzi had tried to have the local imam at Muslim Cultural Heritage Centre in North Kensington removed over religious disagreements. Together with his brother Whabi Mohammad, Ramzi used to set up a table with Islamic literature at local football games. His brother Whabi Mohammad was also arrested in a separate raid outside Notting Hill In February 2007 he stood trial along with 5 others for his part in the bombings. On 24 January, the court released dramatic video of Ramzi Mohammed attempting to detonate his device. The carriage quickly emptied, apart from one man who stayed behind to reason with him, an off-duty fireman named Angus Campbell. On 9 July 2007 Ramzi Mohammed was found guilty at Woolwich Crown Court of conspiracy to murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of forty years. April 2008 the court of appeal judges dismissed a challenge by Ibrahim, Omar, Mohammed and Osman to their convictions. In December 2014, an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights lodged in 2008 by the bombers claiming that their rights were breached in the 'safety interviews' after their arrests was rejected. </doc> <doc id="2337560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337560" title="Timberlands West Coast Limited"> Timberlands West Coast Limited Timberlands West Coast Limited was a New Zealand state-owned enterprise based on the West Coast. It was formed to manage the native and exotic forests on the West Coast of the defunct New Zealand Forest Service. A large quantity of internal documents relating to the operation of its secret Public Relations campaign to support its logging operations in the 1990s against environmental groups was published in the book "Secrets and Lies" in 1999. In 2001, 130,000 ha of indigenous forests were transferred to the Department of Conservation. In February 2008, Trevor Mallard the State owned Enterprises Minister, announced that the assets of Timberlands will transfer to Crown Forestry (division of MAF) since the company has had poor financial results. The company ceased trading on 31 December 2008 and once the transfer of forests was completed the company was wound up. </doc> <doc id="2337565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337565" title="Pushpaka"> Pushpaka Pushpaka is a caste of Hindu temple servant of Kerala. In Malayalam language, this caste is also referred to as Pushpakan (in singular) or Pushpakar (in plural / to show respect). They are a part of the Ambalavasi community in Kerala and they are one of the major sects of Pushpaka Brahmins. They follow patrilineal system (makkathayam) of inheritance. The male members of this caste generally use the title or surname Unni with their name and hence this caste is sometimes called Pushpaka Unni or Pushpakanunni. They also use the surnames Nampi (also written as Nambi) and Sarma (also written as Sharma). The pushpakas who have adopted the title Nampi (or Nambi) are often referred to as Poonampi (or Poonambi). Pushpakas carry out the various activities of the temple like teaching of Sanskrit language and sacred texts in the Pathasalas associated with temples, bringing flowers for pooja, garland making, lightening the lamps, carry the lamp when idols are taken round in procession, distribution of prasadam and flowers, serving of consecrated water, preparation of food to be offered to deity, etc. They also perform actual priestly activities of the temple on behalf of the main priest. Pushpaka woman, known as Atheramma or Pushpakathi, use the title Amma or Devi. They carry out temple services like making of garlands, bringing flowers for pooja, cleaning the temple lamps and vessels etc. The house of a pushpakan is known as Madom or Veedu. There is a phrase in Malayalam "പുഷ്പകൻ മാല കൊരുക്കുന്നതുപോലെ" (puṣpakan māla korukkunnatu pōle) meaning "as a Pushpaka makes a garland". This phrase is used mainly while appreciating eloquent speeches, presentation of ideas in literature works etc. </doc> <doc id="2337566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337566" title="Joey Heatherton"> Joey Heatherton Davenie Johanna "Joey" Heatherton (born September 14, 1944) is an American actress, dancer, and singer. A sex symbol of the 1960s and 1970s, she is best known for her many television appearances during that time, particularly as a frequent variety show performer, although she also appeared in acting roles. She performed for over a decade on USO tours presented by Bob Hope, and starred in several feature films including "My Blood Runs Cold" (1965) and "The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington" (1977). Davenie Johanna Heatherton was born and raised in Rockville Centre, New York, a suburb of New York City. She was nicknamed "Joey" as a child, a combination of her first name Davenie and her middle name Johanna. Her father, Ray Heatherton, was a Broadway star ("Babes in Arms") and television pioneer. Her mother, also named Davenie, was a dancer who met Ray Heatherton when both were performing in "Babes in Arms". Heatherton has a brother, Dick (born October 19, 1943), who later became a disc jockey. Heatherton attended Saint Agnes Academy, a Catholic grade and high school. At the age of six, she began studying ballet, including four years of study under George Balanchine, and went on to study modern jazz dance, voice, and dramatics. Heatherton began her career as a child actress. She first appeared on television on her father's show, "The Merry Mailman", a popular children's show in New York. In 1959, when she was 15, she became a member of the ensemble and an understudy in the original Broadway production of "The Sound of Music", and received her first sustained national exposure that same year as a semi-regular on "The Perry Como Show" (later called "Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall"), playing an exuberant teenager with a perpetual crush on Perry Como. She also released her first single that year, entitled "That's How It Goes"/ "I'll Be Seeing You", but failed to have a hit with it, or with the three additional singles she released over the next few years.