West Germany. Assignment to their respective country was accomplished using the database of Deutsche Gesellschaft für Leichtathletik-Dokumentation 1990 e.V. </doc> <doc id="2341292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341292" title="1966 European Athletics Championships"> 1966 European Athletics Championships The 8th European Athletics Championships were held from 30 August to 4 September 1966 in the Nép Stadium in Budapest, Hungary. Contemporaneous reports on the event were given in the Glasgow Herald. A new IAAF ruling was applied for the first time making gender verification for female events mandatory. As a consequence, all women competitors were forced to have a sex check. Several of the greatest women athletes missed this year's championships, among them world record holders Iolanda Balaș (high jump) from Romania, as well as Tamara Press (shot put) and Tatyana Shchelkanova (long jump), both from the Soviet Union. Complete results were published. According to an unofficial count, 770 athletes from 29 countries participated in the event, one athletes more than the official number of 769 and one country less than the official number of 30 as published. </doc> <doc id="2341298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341298" title="Reynolds Center"> Reynolds Center Donald W. Reynolds Center is an 8,355-seat multi-purpose arena in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The arena opened in 1998 and is named for Donald W. Reynolds. It is home to the University of Tulsa Golden Hurricane basketball and volleyball teams. The facility's first basketball game took place on December 29, 1998 when the Tulsa Golden Hurricane faced the Cleveland State Vikings. The home team came away with a 79–51 victory in front of a sellout crowd. The Hurricane men’s team proceeded to sell-out six of the next seven games played in the Reynolds Center and posted an overall 7–1 record in their inaugural season. In 14 seasons, Tulsa basketball has compiled a 182–53 record at the Reynolds Center for a .774 winning percentage through the 2012–2013. Tulsa has played in front of 41 sellout crowds. In the first season of Golden Hurricane basketball at the arena, Tulsa averaged 8,282 fans for eight games. Tulsa’s next highest home attendance average came in 2002–2003 when, the Hurricane played in front of an average of 8,250 fans for 14 regular season home games. The Reynolds Center played host to the 2001–2002 and 2002–2003 Western Athletic Conference men's basketball tournaments. Since opening, the Reynolds Center has hosted a Reba McIntyre concert, NAIA national basketball tournament and a Bob Newhart concert. Imagine Dragons performed at the facility on March 26, 2013. </doc> <doc id="2341320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341320" title="L. C. Greenwood"> L. C. Greenwood L. C. Henderson Greenwood (September 8, 1946 – September 29, 2013) was an American football defensive end for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). Greenwood was born in Canton, Mississippi. He graduated from Arkansas AM&N (now University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff), where he became a member of the Beta Theta Chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He was also named the 1968 "Ebony" All-American defensive lineman in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC). Greenwood was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1969 in the 10th round. In , he became the starting left defensive end. One of the four members of Pittsburgh's famous Steel Curtain, he remained there until retirement in . Greenwood, who was 6 feet 6 inches tall and weighed 245 pounds, was a six-time Pro Bowl player and was named to NFL All-Pro teams in 1974 and 1975. He was named All-AFC five times. He also led the Steelers six times in sacks with a career total of 73½ (sacks were an unofficial stat at the time). According to records kept by the Steelers, Greenwood's highest single-season sack total was 11, which he attained in 1974. He further had 14 fumble recoveries in his career, including five in 1971, which tied for the NFL lead. He had 4.7 in the 40-yard dash, and that speed allowed him to dominate his position. In Super Bowl IX against the Minnesota Vikings, Greenwood batted down two passes from Fran Tarkenton. In Super Bowl X against the Dallas Cowboys, he sacked Roger Staubach four times. Greenwood played in all four of the Steelers Super Bowl victories in the 1970s. Unofficially, Greenwood had five sacks in the four Super Bowl appearances. Greenwood was known for wearing gold-colored shoes on the football field to help announcers distinguish him from the higher-profile Joe Greene. Greenwood was called "Hollywood Bags" because of his desire to become an actor after retiring from football. He was a finalist in the 2005 Pro Football Hall of Fame voting but did not get elected. He was again a finalist in 2006, but was not elected. Greenwood has stated that while he would be honored if he were to be inducted into the Hall of Fame, he would not be upset if he were not elected, feeling that the Steelers already in the Hall (in particular, "Mean Joe" Greene) represent the entire team's accomplishments. In 1991, Greenwood was named to the Super Bowl Silver Anniversary Team and in 2007 he was named to the Steelers All-Time team. In 2012, the Professional Football Researchers Association named Greenwood to the PRFA Hall of Very Good Class of 2012. Greenwood died of kidney failure on September 29, 2013. He was 67 years old. He was buried at the Priestley Chapel Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery in Canton, Mississippi. </doc> <doc id="2341339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341339" title="George Parsons (shipbuilder)"> George Parsons (shipbuilder) George Parsons (baptised 21 September 1729 – 16 April 1812) was an English shipbuilder. He was born in Poole, the son of George Parsons. His father moved to Portsmouth to take up a position as a shipwright in the Royal Dockyard in 1740. George junior began as a Quarter Boy entering 18 June 1744. He continued in the Royal Dockyard until, as a 2nd shipwright he was discharged 6 April 1763. His move to Bursledon therefore probably occurred later that year and certainly by 1764. His first employer there was a shipowner, Thomas Cooper, and a few years later, Philemon Ewer, a descendant of the pre-eminent local shipbuilder of the previous generation. He almost certainly moved into his own yard by 1774 at Bursledon Point on the Hamble, though the advertisement in 1776 for "a good burthensome well built Sloop, about 30 tons, just finished" suggested this might have been built in partnership with Ewer. By late 1778 he was ready to build on his own account when a Navy Board letter of 19 December refers to an offer from him to build 'a Ship of 32 guns'. The warships he built there were: In addition to the above was launched at Northam in 1795. The original contractor, Thomas Raymond went bankrupt in 1793 and Parsons took it over for which he received £3000 from the Admiralty. "Quebec" and "Ardent" were built in partnership with Robert Stares. He leased his yard with William Raingecroft from William Allen Thackthwaite, the lease falling due for renewal at the end of 1807. For whatever reason the new lease went to Raingecroft and Richard Stiles Blake. However, ample notice must have been given as he acquired another site downstream and on the opposite shore at Warsash. With the assistance of his son John, and his grandson John Rubie he moved his entire yard including demolishing and re-erecting the large graving shed and mould loft. Two elm launchways were built as were seven houses to help accommodate his men, plus a blacksmith's shop and an inn. Warship building resumed after an inevitable hiatus and the following ships were built there: He was one of the original shareholders in the company formed in 1797 to build a road bridge between Bursledon and Swanwick. When the construction was in danger of collapse he won the contract in 1809 for the reconstruction to the improved design of John Rennie and this lasted until a modern bridge replaced it in the 1930s. He died on 16 April 1812, three days after the launching of "Nymphe", at Salterns, his home in Bursledon. A contemporary obituary remarked that "He has left a high character for inflexible, undeviating integrity, and, the punctuality and uprightness with which he performed his Contracts with Government, in the building of ships of war for the Navy, gained him the esteem of the Navy Board, and render his death a public loss." He is remembered especially for which became, by chance, Nelson's flagship at the Battle of Copenhagen when Nelson transferred his flag from the 98-gun as "Elephant"s shallower draught made her more suitable for the shallow waters around Copenhagen. It was therefore on the deck of "Elephant" that the legend of Nelson putting the telescope to his blind eye arose. The postcard of the monument to George Parsons in St Leonard's, Bursledon dates from around 1930 and is believed to have been annotated by his great-great-grandson John Denham Parsons who was a regular visitor to the village and local historian before the II World War. He gives "Elephant"s dimensions as Gun Deck 168 ft, Length of Keel 139 ft 10in, breadth 47 ft, depth 19 ft 9in and tonnage 1617. Gunnery is given as 28 guns of 3 1/2 tons each of 6-inch bore on the lower deck, 28 guns of 5" bore on the main deck and 18 9 pounders with a 4" bore on the poop with carronades as well. Two thousand oak trees are said to have been used in the construction. The full complement was 600 officers and men. The frigate which was launched at Warsash three days before his death went, almost immediately, across the Atlantic to assist the naval effort during the War of 1812. This plaque commemorates one action undertaken by "Nymphe" in October 1812 at Rockport, Mass. The citation reads 'OLD STONE FORT Site of fort erected by public subscription as a protection against British warships during war of 1812, captured in a sneak attack and dismantled by frigate NYMPH. Ammunition gone, all nine seafencibles taken prisoner, the townsmen hurled rocks, using their stockings as slings.' </doc> <doc id="2341342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341342" title="Lisa Jardine"> Lisa Jardine Lisa Anne Jardine (née Bronowski; 12 April 1944 – 25 October 2015) was a British historian of the early modern period. From 1990 to 2011, she was Centenary Professor of Renaissance Studies and Director of the Centre for Editing Lives and Letters at Queen Mary University of London. From 2008 to January 2014 she was Chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA). Jardine was a Member of Council of the Royal Institution, until 2009. On 1 September 2012, she relocated with her research centre and staff to University College London (UCL) to become founding director of its Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in the Humanities. Jardine was born on 12 April 1944 in Oxford, the eldest of four daughters of mathematician and polymath, Jacob Bronowski, and the sculptor, Rita Coblentz. Bronowski, who died in 1974 and was known for his 13-part television series, "The Ascent of Man" (1973), was the subject of Jardine's Conway Memorial Lecture, "Things I Never Knew About My Father", delivered at the Conway Hall Ethical Society on 26 June 2014. An avid reader with an interest in history from a very young age, Jardine won a mathematics scholarship to Cheltenham Ladies' College and later attended Newnham College, Cambridge, and the University of Essex. For two years she took the Cambridge Mathematical Tripos before, in her final year and under the influence of Raymond Williams, she read English. Fluent in eight languages (including Greek and Latin), she studied for an MA in the Literary Theory of Translation with Professor Donald Davie at the University of Essex. She was awarded a PhD from the University of Cambridge with a dissertation on "Francis Bacon: Discovery and the Art of Discourse" (subsequently published by Cambridge University Press). In striking out on her own career path Jardine recalled that she initially found her father's celebrity something of a burden, noting that she was "very, very conscious" of being his daughter. When in 1969 she married Cambridge historian and philosopher of science, Nicholas Jardine, she was relieved to assume her husband's surname, which she continued to use after the couples divorce in 1979. The couple had a son and a daughter. "Until 1999, the name Bronowski never occurred in cuttings about me, and it was broadly unknown that I was his daughter", she later stated. In 1982, she married architect John Hare, with whom she had one son. She was reported to have said that her greatest achievement was her three "well-balanced children". Jardine had been raised in a secular Jewish household, but when appointed new chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority, Britain’s fertility regulator, she expressed her loyalty to her observant grandparents' Orthodox faith, which she described as going back "all the way back to whenever – Abraham", and her reluctance to clash with the Catholic Church on embryology. Jardine was Professor of Renaissance Studies at University College, London, where she was Director of the Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in the Humanities and Director of the Centre for Editing Lives and Letters. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, and a Fellow and Honorary Fellow of King's College and Jesus College, Cambridge. She was a Trustee of the Victoria and Albert Museum for eight years, and was for five years a member of the Council of the Royal Institution in London. She was Patron of the Archives and Records Association and the Orange Prize. For the academic year 2007–2008 she was seconded to the Royal Society in London as Expert Advisor to its Collections. She was a Trustee of the Chelsea Physic Garden. From 2008–2014, she served as Chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority – the UK government regulator for assisted reproduction. In December 2011 she was appointed a Director of The National Archives. Jardine published more than 50 scholarly articles in peer reviewed journals and books, and 17 full-length books, both for an academic and for a general readership, a number of them in co-authorship with others (including Professor Anthony Grafton, Professor Alan Stewart and Professor Julia Swindells). She was the author of many books, both scholarly and general, including "The Curious Life of Robert Hooke: The Man Who Measured London", "Ingenious Pursuits: Building the Scientific Revolution" and biographies of Robert Hooke, and Sir Christopher Wren ("On a Grander Scale: the Outstanding Career of Sir Christopher Wren"). Her 2008 book "Going Dutch", on Anglo-Dutch reciprocal influence in the 17th century, won the 2009 Cundill Prize in History at McGill University, the world's premier history book prize worth $75,000. Jardine wrote and reviewed widely for the media, and presented and appeared regularly on arts, history and current affairs programmes for TV and radio. She was a regular writer and presenter of "A Point of View" on BBC Radio 4; a book of the first two series of her talks was published by Preface Publishing in March 2008 and a second in 2009. She judged the Novel category of the 1996 Whitbread Book Awards, the 1999 Guardian First Book Award, the 2000 Orwell Prize and was Chair of Judges for the 1997 Orange Prize for Fiction and the 2002 Man Booker Prize. During the first semester of the 2008–2009 academic year, Jardine was Distinguished Visiting Professor at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study in the Humanities and Social Sciences, jointly sponsored by NIAS and the Royal Library in The Hague. In 2009–2010, she was a Scaliger Visiting Fellow at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands, and held the Sarton Chair and received the Sarton Medal at Ghent University in Belgium. She sat for several years on the Apeldoorn British Dutch Conference Steering Board, and was a member of the Recommendation Committee Stichting Huygens Tentoonstelling Foundation, set up to oversee the Constantijn and Christian Huygens Exhibition in the Grote Kerk in The Hague in 2013. In June 2015 she was the guest on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs". Her musical choices included "Why" by Annie Lennox, "A Hard Rain's a-Gonna Fall" by Bob Dylan, and "Once in a Lifetime" by Talking Heads. Her book choice was the full 12 volumes of P.S. Allen’s "Latin Letters of Erasmus of Rotterdam". On 26 January 2011, Jardine appeared in a BBC documentary investigating her father's life and the history of science in the 20th century. She was known for her cross-disciplinary approach to intellectual history and has been called "the pre-eminent historian of the scientific method." Jardine was President of the Antiquarian Horological Society, a learned society focused on matters relating to the art and history of time measurement. Jardine was a former chairman of the governing body at Westminster City School for Boys in London (which her younger son attended), and a former Chair of the Curriculum Committee on the governing body of St Marylebone Church of England School for Girls also in London. In 2012, she was awarded the President's Medal by the British Academy. She was elected an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2015. Her certificate of election reads: Jardine held honorary doctorates of Letters from the University of St Andrews, Sheffield Hallam University and the Open University, and an honorary doctorate of Science from the University of Aberdeen. In November 2011, she was made an Honorary Bencher of the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple. She was awarded the Francis Bacon Award in the History of Science by the California Institute of Technology in 2012, and collected the Bacon Medal for this award at the annual History of Science Society meeting in San Diego in September 2012. In November 2012 she received the British Academy President's Medal. In 2013–2014 she served as President of the British Science Association, which in 2012 made her an Honorary Fellow. Jardine died of cancer on 25 October 2015, aged 71. In the tributes which followed, she was remembered for her commitment to her students, and "her deep empathy for outsiders of all kinds—rebels, misfits and migrants." </doc> <doc id="2341352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341352" title="Carsten Schatz"> Carsten Schatz Carsten Schatz (born 10 January 1970) is a historian and a member of the Left Party in Germany. He lives in Berlin, and joined the Socialist Unity Party in 1988. He has been the local manager of the Left Party in Berlin since 2001, and a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin, the state parliament of Berlin, since 2013. He is out as gay, and is the first openly HIV-positive person to hold political office in Germany. Personal Web page </doc> <doc id="2341363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341363" title="Michael Angarano"> Michael Angarano Michael Anthony Angarano (born December 3, 1987) is an American actor. Angarano was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Michael and Doreen Angarano; he has two sisters and a younger brother. He is of Italian descent. His family owns and operates the dance studio Reflections in Dance in Canoga Park, California. Angarano graduated from Crespi Carmelite High School. In the late 1990s, Angarano was one of the finalists for the role of young Anakin Skywalker in "", but lost to Jake Lloyd. Angarano played the 11-year-old version of William Miller in Cameron Crowe's semi-autobiographical film "Almost Famous" in 2000. In 2000, 12-year-old Angarano acted in "". The following year, he landed his first major film role in "Little Secrets", opposite Evan Rachel Wood and David Gallagher. Three years later, he starred in the Nickelodeon TV-movie "Maniac Magee". He played the lead role in 2005's "Sky High". Other film roles include parts in "The Bondage", "Black Irish", "Man in the Chair", "Snow Angels", "The Final Season", "One Last Thing...", "The Forbidden Kingdom", "Ceremony", "The Brass Teapot" and "Red State". On television, from 2001 to 2006, he had a recurring role on "Will & Grace" as Elliott, the son of Jack McFarland, a role he reprised in an episode of the show's 2017 reboot. In 2007, he appeared in four episodes of the show "24" as Scott Wallace, a teenager taken hostage by a terrorist. From 2014 to 2015, he played Dr. Bertram "Bertie" Chickering, Jr. on Cinemax's period drama "The Knick". Angarano has also played Eddie Zeidel on the Showtime series "I'm Dying Up Here". In 2008, Kristen Stewart said she and Angarano were in a relationship. During 2014, he was living in Los Feliz, Los Angeles, with his then-girlfriend, actress Juno Temple, whom he met in 2012 during production of their film. "The Brass Teapot". As of 2016, they are no longer together. </doc> <doc id="2341364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341364" title="Hu Sanniang"> Hu Sanniang Hu Sanniang (literally "Third Sister Hu") is a fictional character in "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels in Chinese literature. Nicknamed "Ten Feet of Blue", she ranks 59th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 23rd among the 72 Earthly Fiends. Hu Sanniang is the daughter of Squire Hu, the master of the Hu Family Village (扈家莊) on Lone Dragon Ridge (獨龍崗), where two other villages also stand – the Li Family Village (李家莊) and Zhu Family Village (祝家莊). The ridge is in Yunzhou (鄆州), Zhongshan Prefecture (中山府), which is around present-day Dongping County, Shandong. A highly skilled warrior, Hu Sanniang is capable of taking on several opponents at the same time. She dons a suit of armour over a red robe, a golden helmet, and a silk belt when she goes to battle. Her weapons of choice are a pair of sabres and a lasso, which she uses to catch and pull opponents off their horses. Hu Sanniang is originally engaged to Zhu Biao, the third son of Zhu Chaofeng, the master of the Zhu Family Village. The Zhus have been taunting and provoking the outlaws of Liangshan Marsh for some time. After the Zhus capture Liangshan's Shi Qian, the outlaws come to attack the village to save Shi Qian and teach the Zhus a lesson. The Zhus seek help from their neighbours, the Hus, who send Hu Sanniang to aid them. Hu Sanniang rides into battle and challenges the outlaw chieftains to a one-on-one duel. Aroused at the sight of a lady warrior, Liangshan's Wang Ying eagerly accepts the challenge and tries to flirt with Hu Sanniang and capture her. However, Wang Ying underestimates Hu Sanniang, who uses her lasso to pull him off horseback and throw him to the ground; the Zhu forces then rush forward and capture Wang Ying. After defeating Wang Ying, Hu Sanniang shows no sign of weariness as she continues to take on Liangshan's Ou Peng and Ma Lin and hold them off. When Liangshan's leader Song Jiang is retreating, Hu Sanniang pursues him with the intention of capturing him and gaining the top credit for victory. The chase leads her to Liangshan's Lin Chong, who easily defeats and captures her. She is bound and sent as a captive back to Liangshan, where she is placed under the watch of Song Jiang's father. When Hu Sanniang's brother, Hu Cheng, pleads with the Liangshan outlaws to release his sister, Song Jiang agrees on the condition that Hu Cheng captures one of the Zhu brothers and bring him to them. When the outlaws finally defeat the Zhu forces and overrun the Zhu Family Village, Zhu Biao flees to the Hu Family Village for shelter. Hu Cheng takes Zhu Biao captive and sends him as a prisoner to the Liangshan camp. Along the way, however, Liangshan's Li Kui intercepts them and kills Zhu Biao while Hu Cheng escapes. Although the Hu family have already made peace with Liangshan, Li Kui nonetheless fights his way into the Hu Family Village and slaughters everyone there. He later receives a severe scolding from Song Jiang for his brash behaviour. Back at Liangshan, Song Jiang convinces Hu Sanniang to join the Liangshan outlaw band, and arranges for her to marry Wang Ying – to fulfil his earlier promise to help Wang Ying find a bride. Although Hu Sanniang is initially reluctant to marry Wang Ying, she eventually agrees to marry him and remains faithful to her husband for the rest of her life. Hu Sanniang becomes one of the leaders of the Liangshan cavalry after the 108 Stars of Destiny come together in what is called the Grand Assembly. She follows the Liangshan heroes on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces on Song territory after they received amnesty from Emperor Huizong. During the campaign against Fang La's rebel forces, Hu Sanniang and Wang Ying are assigned to attack the city of Muzhou (睦州; in present-day Hangzhou, Zhejiang). They encounter Zheng Biao, one of Fang La's generals, who uses his sorcery to confuse Wang Ying and kill him. Hu Sanniang attempts to avenge her husband but ends up being killed by Zheng Biao's magical gold bricks. </doc> <doc id="2341370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341370" title="List of motifs on banknotes"> List of motifs on banknotes This is a list of current motifs on the banknotes of different countries. The customary design of banknotes in most countries is a portrait of a notable citizen on the front (or "obverse") and a different motif on the back (or "reverse") - often something relating to that person. One exception to this is the euro banknotes, where non-existent architectural structures have been chosen to avoid the impression of a national bias. Even though most banknotes have more than one motif on each side, only the main motifs are described here. The official currency of Albania is the Albanian lek (ALL). The motifs used are: The official currency of Argentina is the Argentine peso (ARS). The motifs used are: The official currency of Australia is the Australian dollar (AUD). The motifs used are: The official currency of Brazil is the Brazilian real (BRL). The motifs used are: The official currency of Canada is the Canadian dollar (CAD). The motifs used on the Frontier Series, the most recent banknotes of the Canadian dollar released by the Bank of Canada, are: The official currency of China is the Chinese yuan (CNY). The motifs used are: The official currency of Colombia is the Colombian peso (COP). The motifs used are: The official currency of Croatia is the Croatian kuna (HRK). The motifs used are: The official currency of Czech Republic is the Czech koruna (CZK). The motifs used are: The official currency of Denmark is the Danish krone (DKK). The motifs used are: The official currency of Egypt is the Egyptian pound (EGP). The motifs used are: The former currency of Estonia was the Estonian kroon (EEK). The motifs used are: The official currency of the 19 Eurozone countries (and a number of other territories) is the euro (EUR). The motifs used are: The official currency of Hungary is the Hungarian forint (HUF). The motifs used are: The official currency of Iceland is the Icelandic króna (ISK). The motifs used are: The official currency of India is the Indian rupee (INR). Currently the Reserve Bank of India issues the Mahatma Gandhi series and the Mahatma Gandhi New Series banknotes. The motifs used in it are: The official currency of Indonesia is the Indonesian Rupiah (IDR). The motifs used are: The official currency of Iran is the Iranian rial (IRR). The motifs used are: The official currency of Iraq is the Iraqi Dinar (IQD). The motifs used are: 2003 Series: 2004 Series: 2006 Series: 2008 Series: 2010 Series: 2012 Series: 2013 Series ( 1434 hijry) Islamic calendar : 2013 Series ( 1435 hijry) Islamic calendar : 2015 Series : Table of Iraqi Banknotes according to the years of issue: The official currency of Japan is the Japanese yen (JPY). The motifs used are: 1984 Series (Series D): 2000 Special (Series D): 2004 Series (Series E): Banknotes of the Jersey pound (JEP) are issued in Jersey. The motifs used are: The official currency of South Korea is the South Korean Won (KRW). The motifs used are: The former currency of Lithuania is the Lithuanian litas (LTL). The motifs used are: The official currency of Malaysia is the Malaysian ringgit (MYR). The motifs used are: 2012 version The official currency of New Zealand is the New Zealand Dollar (NZD). The motifs used are: The official currency of Norway is the Norwegian krone (NOK). The motifs used are: The official currency of Pakistan is the Pakistani rupee (PKR). The motifs used are: The official currency of Paraguay is the Paraguayan guaraní (PYG). The motifs used are: The official currency of Peru is the Peruvian nuevo sol (PEN). The motifs used are: The official currency of the Philippines is the Philippine peso (PHP). The motifs used are: The official currency of Poland is the Polish złoty (PLN). The motifs used are: The official currency of Romania is the Romanian leu (RON). The motifs used are: The official currency of Russia is the Russian ruble (RUB). The motifs used are: The official currency of Serbia is the Serbian dinar (RSD). The motifs used are: The official currency of South Africa is the South African rand (ZAR). The motifs used are: The official currency of Sweden is the Swedish krona (SEK). The motifs used are: The official currency of Switzerland is the Swiss franc (CHF). The motifs used are: The official currency of Taiwan is the New Taiwan dollar (TWD). The motifs used are: The official currency of Thailand is the Thai Baht (THB). The motifs used are: The official currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira (TRY). The motifs used are: The official currency of Ukraine is the Ukrainian hryvnia (UAH). The motifs used are: The currency of the UK is the pound sterling, represented by the symbol £. The Bank of England is the central bank, responsible for issuing currency. Banks in Scotland and Northern Ireland retain the right to issue their own notes, subject to retaining enough Bank of England notes in reserve to cover the issue. The official currency of England is the pound sterling (GBP). The motifs used are: The official currency of Scotland is the Pound sterling (GBP). Under Scottish legislation, banknotes are issued by commercial banks not the government. The motifs issued by the Bank of Scotland are: The Royal Bank of Scotland issues: The Clydesdale Bank issues: The official currency of the United States is the United States dollar (USD). The motifs used are: </doc> <doc id="2341373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341373" title="Hunting hypothesis"> Hunting hypothesis In paleoanthropology, the hunting hypothesis is the hypothesis that human evolution was primarily influenced by the activity of hunting for relatively large and fast animals, and that the activity of hunting distinguished human ancestors from other hominins. While it is undisputed that early humans were hunters, the importance of this fact for the final steps in the emergence of the genus "Homo" out of earlier australopithecines, with its bipedalism and production of stone tools (from about 2.5 million years ago), and eventually also control of fire (from about 1.5 million years ago), are emphasized in the "hunting hypothesis", and de-emphasized in scenarios that stress the omnivore status of humans as their recipe for success, and social interaction, including mating behaviour as essential in the emergence of language and culture. Advocates of the hunting hypothesis tend to believe that tool use and toolmaking essential to effective hunting were an extremely important part of human evolution, and trace the origin of language and religion to a hunting context. As societal evidence Buss cites that modern tribal population deploy hunting as their primary way of acquiring food. The Aka pygmies in the Central African Republic spend 56% of their quest for nourishment hunting, 27% gathering, and 17% processing food. Additionally, the !Kung in Botswana retain 40% of their calories from hunting and this percentage varies from 20% to 90% depending on the season. For physical evidence Buss first looks to the guts of humans and apes. The human gut consists mainly of the small intestines, which are responsible for the rapid breakdown of proteins and absorption of nutrients. The ape’s gut is primarily colon, which indicates a vegetarian diet. This structural difference supports the hunting hypothesis in being an evolutionary branching point between modern humans and modern primates. Buss also cites human teeth in that fossilized human teeth have a thin enamel coating with very little heavy wear and tear that would result from a plant diet. The absence of thick enamel also indicates that historically humans have maintained a meat-heavy diet. Buss notes that the bones of animals human ancestors killed found at Olduvai Gorge have cut marks at strategic points on the bones that indicate tool usage and provide evidence for ancestral butchers. According to the hunting hypothesis, women are preoccupied with pregnancy and dependent children and so do not hunt because it is dangerous and less profitable. Gijsbert Stoet highlights the fact that men are more competent in throwing skills, focused attention, and spatial abilities. (Experiments 1 and 2). Another possible explanation for women gathering is their inherent prioritization of rearing offspring, which is difficult to uphold if women were hunting. Buss purports that the hunting hypothesis explains the high level of human male parental investment in offspring as compared to primates. Meat is an economical and condensed food resource in that it can be brought home to feed the young, however it is not efficient to carry low-calorie food across great distances. Thus, the act of hunting and the required transportation of the kill in order to feed offspring is a reasonable explanation for human male provisioning. Buss suggests that the Hunting hypothesis also explains the advent of strong male coalitions. Although chimpanzees form male-male coalitions, they tend to be temporary and opportunistic. Contrastingly, large game hunters require consistent and coordinated cooperation to succeed in large game hunting. Thus male coalitions were the result of working together to succeed in providing meat for the hunters themselves and their families. Kristen Hawkes suggests further that obtaining resources intended for community consumption increases a male’s fitness by appealing to the male’s society and thus being in the good favor of both males and females. The male relationship would improve hunting success and create alliances for future conflict and the female relationship would improve direct reproductive success. Buss proposes alternate explanations of emergence of the strong male coalitions. He suggests that male coalitions may have been the result of group-on-group aggression, defense, and in-group political alliances. This explanation does not support the relationship between male coalitions and hunting. Hawkes proposes that hunters pursue large game and divide the kill across the group. Hunters compete to divvy up the kill to signal courage, power, generosity, prosocial intent, and dedication. By engaging in these activities, hunters receive reproductive benefits and respect. These reproductive benefits lead to greater reproductive success in more skilled hunters. Evidence of these hunting goals that do not only benefit the families of the hunters are in the Ache and Hadza men. Hawkes notes that their hunting techniques are less efficient than alternative methods and are energetically costly, but the men place more importance on displaying their bravery, power, and prosocial intent than on hunting efficiency. This method is different as compared to other societies where hunters retain the control of their kills and signal their intent of sharing. This alternate method aligns with the coalition support hypothesis, in efforts to create and preserve political associations. The meat from successful large game hunts are more than what a single hunter can consume. Further, hunting success varies by week. One week a hunter may succeed in hunting large game and the next may return with no meat. In this situation Buss suggests that there are low costs to giving away meat that cannot be eaten by the individual hunter on his own and large benefits from the expectation of the returned favor in a week where his hunting is not successful. Hawkes calls this sharing “tolerated theft” and purports that the benefits of reciprocal altruism stem from the result that families will experience “lower daily variation and higher daily average” in their resources. Provisioning may actually be a form of sexual competition between males for females. Hawkes suggests that male provisioning is a particularly human behavior, which forges the nuclear family. The structure of familial provisioning determines a form of resource distribution. However, Hawkes does acknowledge inconsistencies across societies and contexts such as the fluctuating time courses dedicated to hunting and gathering, which are not directly correlated with return rates, the fact that nutrition value is often chosen over caloric count, and the fact that meat is a more widely spread resource than other resources. The show-off hypothesis is the concept that more successful men have better mate options. The idea relates back to the fact that meat, the result of hunting expeditions, is a distinct resource in that it comes in large quantities that more often than not the hunter’s own family is not able to consume in a timely manner so that the meat doesn’t go sour. Also the success of hunting is unpredictable whereas berries and fruits, unless there is a drought or a bad bush, are fairly consistent in seasonality. Kristen Hawkes argues that women favor neighbors opting for men who provide the advantageous, yet infrequent meat feasts. These women may profit from alliance and the resulting feasts, especially in times of shortage. Hawkes suggests that it would be beneficial for women to reward men who employ the “show-off strategy” by supporting them in a dispute, caring for their offspring, or providing sexual favors. The benefits women may gain from their alignment lie in favored treatment of the offspring spawned by the show-off from neighbors. Buss echoes and cites Hawke’s thoughts on the show-off’s benefits in sexual access, increased likelihood of having children, and the favorable treatment his children would receive from the other members of the society. Hawkes also suggests that show-offs are more likely to live in large groups and thus be less susceptible to predators. Show-offs gain more benefits from just sharing with their family (classical fitness) in the potential favorable treatment from the community and reciprocal altruism from other members of the community. Hawkes uses the Ache people of Paraguay as evidence for the Show-off hypothesis. Food acquired by men was more widely distributed across the community and inconsistent resources that came in large quantities when acquired were also more widely shared. While this is represented in the Ache according to Hawkes, Buss notes that this trend is contradicted in the Hadza who evenly distribute the meat across all members of their population and whose hunters have very little control over the distribution. In the Hadza the show-off hypothesis does not have to do with the resources that result from hunting, but from the prestige and risk that is involved in big game hunting. There are possible circuitous benefits such as protection and defense. </doc> <doc id="2341385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341385" title="Jimmy Perry"> Jimmy Perry James Perry, OBE (20 September 1923 – 23 October 2016) was an English actor and scriptwriter, best known for devising and co-writing the BBC sitcoms "Dad's Army" (1968–77), "It Ain't Half Hot Mum" (1974–81), "Hi-De-Hi" (1980–88) and "You Rang M'Lord?" (1988–93), all with David Croft. Perry received an Ivor Novello Award from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors for "Who Do You Think You Are Kidding, Mr. Hitler?". Perry was born in Barnes, Surrey. His father, Arthur, was an antiques dealer and he was educated at two independent schools, Colet Court and St Paul's School, which at the time were both based in Hammersmith in West London (now in Barnes). Not academically inclined, he apprenticed at a furniture store. With the outbreak of the Second World War, his family moved to Watford just outside London, where he served in the Home Guard and became involved in amateur dramatics. Perry is credited with the original idea for "Dad's Army", which was based on his experiences in the Home Guard during World War II; he had originally conceived it with the role of Walker in mind for himself. He also collaborated with Croft on "It Ain't Half Hot Mum", "Hi-de-Hi!" and "You Rang, M'Lord?" Many of the sitcoms Perry co-wrote with Croft drew heavily on his personal experience: at 16 he joined the Watford Home Guard ("Dad's Army"); two years later he was called up into the full-time forces, and was sent to Burma with the Royal Artillery, where he joined the Royal Artillery Concert Party and reached the rank of sergeant ("It Ain't Half Hot Mum"). Demobbed and back in the UK, he trained as an actor at RADA, spending his holidays working as a Redcoat in Butlin's Holiday Camps ("Hi De Hi!"). The "Dad's Army" mummy's boy character Private Pike was partly based upon the teenaged Jimmy Perry, who said, "She didn't go so far as making me wear a scarf, but she came pretty near". In an interview with the journalist Neil Clark, Perry said: "It amazes me. I think it’s because it's the thing that all British people savour: we were on our own at that time and we didn’t turn away. "Dad’s Army" reminds us of our finest hour." Perry and Croft continued their collaboration with "It Ain't Half Hot Mum" (1974–81). Inspired by Perry's wartime experience in the Royal Artillery Concert Party, "it was David’s and my favourite", he told Clark who regrets that it "appears to have fallen victim to political correctness". It is not repeated on the terrestrial channels, but was shown on UK Gold. For "Hi-de-Hi!" (1980–88), Perry used his time working as a Butlin's Redcoat as an inspiration. A solo effort, "Room Service", written without Croft for Thames Television in 1979, and "High Street Blues" (1989), co-written with Robin Carr, according to John Oliver writing for the BFI Screenonline website, "remain contenders for the title of worst British sitcom". At the end of the 1970s, Perry became involved as presenter in a BBC series called "Turns", dedicated to films of nearly forgotten music hall acts of the 1930s and 1940s. In the sixth episode of the first series of "Dad's Army", "Shooting Pains", Perry makes a cameo appearance as the entertainer Charlie Cheeseman. "You Rang, M'Lord?" (1988–93) was his last collaboration with David Croft. Perry's grandfather had worked as a butler, and he heard many anecdotes about life "below stairs". In 1994, he worked on a sitcom about the early years of the BBC in the 1920s, "2LO Calling", which was broadcast on radio for four episodes. Although best known for his comedy writing, Perry also experienced musical success, composing the signature tunes to all of the above comedy series. The best known of these, the theme tune for "Dad's Army", "Who Do You Think You Are Kidding, Mr Hitler?", won the Ivor Novello Award in 1971 for Best TV Signature Tune. Starting in the late 1950s, Perry was actor-manager at the Watford Repertory Theatre, a role (perhaps intentionally) emphasised by his penchant for heavy checked tweeds, Inverness cape and deerstalker cap. Perry was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1978. In 1982 he was initiated into the Grand Order of Water Rats fraternity. In 1953, he married actress Gilda Neeltje (born July 1933), younger sister of actress Diane Holland. Gilda collaborated with Perry in running the Watford Palace Theatre. Perry died on 23 October 2016 in London after a short illness, aged 93. He and his wife had one son, Jimmy, who predeceased his parents. He died at age 19 in 1977 in a motorcycle accident. He was survived by his wife Gilda (from whom he was separated) and his long-term partner, costume designer Mary Husband. On 27 October British Labour politician Valerie Vaz paid tribute to Perry in the House of Commons and was joined, with references to Perry's best known comedy lines, by a number of other Members of Parliament. BBC Two repeated two episodes from Series 9 of "Dad's Army" and also one episode of "Hi-de-Hi" in Perry's honour. The series continues to be shown regularly on Saturday nights on BBC2, regularly garnering two million viewers. </doc> <doc id="2341386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341386" title="HMS Fox (1780)"> HMS Fox (1780) HMS "Fox" was a 32-gun "Active"-class fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was launched on 2 June 1780 at Bursledon, Hampshire by George Parsons. "Fox" was sent to the Caribbean in late 1781 and in January the following year under Captain Thomas Windsor captured two Spanish frigates. In March 1783 under Captain George Stoney captured the Spanish frigate "Santa Catalina". In March 1797, near Visakhapatnam, "Fox" captured the French privateer "Modeste", under Jean-Marie Dutertre. Took part in the bloodless Raid on Manila in January 1798. Because "Fox" served in the navy's Egyptian campaign between 8 March 1801 and 2 September, her officers and crew qualified for the clasp "Egypt" to the Naval General Service Medal that the Admiralty issued in 1847 to all surviving claimants. She was broken up in April 1816. </doc> <doc id="2341387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341387" title="Chabot"> Chabot Chabot may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2341422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341422" title="Martinus Gosia"> Martinus Gosia Martinus Gosia was one of the glossators and a 12th-century Italian jurist, counted among the Four Doctors of Bologna, the others being Bulgarus, Hugo de Porta Ravennate and Jacobus de Boragine. Martinus Gosia and Bulgarus were the chiefs of two opposite schools at the University of Bologna, corresponding in many respects to the Proculians and Sabinians of the Roman Empire. Martinus was at the head of a school which accommodated the law to what his opponents styled the equity of the purse ("aequitas bursalis"), whilst Bulgarus adhered more closely to the letter of the law. The school of Bulgarus ultimately prevailed. While the teaching of Bulgarus, became dominant in Bologna, among the "nostri doctores", the followers of Martinus, taught in southern France where they became known as the commentators. </doc> <doc id="2341425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341425" title="The Secret Life of... (TV series)"> The Secret Life of... (TV series) The Secret Life of... is a television show on the Food Network hosted by Jim O'Connor. The ellipsis in the title refers to the food item or style of food which is featured during the 30 minute program. Included in the lineup are: cookies, steak, comfort foods, coffee, tailgating and popcorn. The show combines history segments with recipe segments. The history segments highlight key events in a food's history, usually including where it originated. In the recipe segments, George travels to different parts of America to become an "assistant" in the kitchen of a store or restaurant which specializes in the item featured in the episode. Actor Jim O'Connor hosted the show for the first several years of its existence. During the O'Connor era, the show ended with the "Jim O'Connor Road Show" where Jim highlighted locations and festivals which celebrate food in unique ways. As of April 23, 2007 (April 2 was the date announced in aired promos), George Duran took over hosting duties. George Duran was formerly the host of Food Network's "Ham on the Street", but with his current hosting duties, that show's status is unclear. The series was developed by Sara Hutchison and Kerry Lambert for Greystone Television. Kerry Lambert was the show runner for 7 of its 8 seasons. Writers and Directors on the series include Scott Burgin, Phil Brody, Artemis Fannin, and David Case. </doc> <doc id="2341440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341440" title="Syriac sacral music"> Syriac sacral music Syriac sacral music is music in the Syriac language as used in the liturgy of Syriac Christianity. Historically it is best known from and important for its part in the development of Christian sacred music since Antiquity. The Syriac Churches have a musical system based on ancient principals today known as "maqam", there are eight maqams used in the church and these are known as kadmoyo (maqam bayati, maqam ussak), trayono (maqam huseini), tlithoyo (maqam segah, maqam nahawand, maqam kurd), rbi'oyo (maqam rast), hmishoyo (maqam huzam), shtithoyo (maqam ajam), shbi'oyo (maqam saba) and tminoyo (maqam hijaz) (in order from one to eight). The most predominant works of the Syriac Church's music was collected in an anthology named "Beth Gazo" ("Psalms of the Treasury of Maqams"). There are also musical psalms other than this repertoire of 700 psalms, among them are the Fenqitho of the Syriac Orthodox and Maronite Churches, as well as the Khudra of the Church of the East. To the general considerations on Hymnody and Hymnology must be added some bearing particularly on the structure and liturgical use of hymns ("madrashe"), exclusive of poetical homilies or discourses ("mimre"), which belong to the narrative and epic class, while the hymns are lyrical. The chief basis of Syriac metre is fixed number of syllables of the verses, without distinction of long and short syllables, as in several modern languages. Verses of all lengths from two to twelve are known, but the metres most used in hymnody are "dodecasyllabic" verses of twelve syllables formed of three equal measures (4+4+4), "heptasyllabic" verses of seven syllables formed of two measures (4+3 or 3+4), and "pentasyllabic" verses of five syllables also formed of two measures (2+3 or 3+2). These verses may be employed alone or grouped in strophes, the latter form being most frequent in hymns composed of verses of five and seven syllables. A strophe is generally composed of equal verses, but it sometimes happens that the first of the last verse is in a different measure from the other verses of the strophe. All the strophes of a hymn are usually of the same construction. Besides variety of metre and division into strophes, the Syrians prior to the ninth century knew no other artifice than the arrangement of acrostic poems. The acrostic played an important part, in Syriac hymnody and its use, especially the alphabetic acrostic, seems to have been introduced in imitation of the Psalms and the Lamentations of Jeremias. Sometimes the acrostic is linear, simple when each verse begins successively with one of the twenty-two letters of the Syriac alphabet, multiple, when two, three, or more verses begin with the same letter without, forming strophes; sometimes it is strophic, when each strophe is marked by a letter of the alphabet. This letter may be only at the beginning of the first verse or it may be repeated at the beginning of each verse of the strophe. introduced in imitation of the Psalms and the Lamentations of Jeremias. There may be two or more successive strophes beginning with the same letter, each letter regularly marking the same number of strophes throughout the poem, which thus consists of forty-four strophes, of sixty-six, or of any other multiple of twenty-two. The verbal acrostic is more rare. The name of Jesus Christ, of Mary, or the saint in whose honour the hymn is composed serves to form linear or strophic acrostics. St. Ephraem signed some of his poems with his acrostic. From the ninth century the influence of Arabic poetry made itself felt in Syriac hymnody, especially by the introduction of rhyme, this manner of marking the final stroke of a verse had been hitherto unknown, the rare examples held to have been discovered among older authors being merely voluntary or fortuitous assonances. But the Syrians made varied use of rhyme. There are poems in which all the verses have the same rhyme as in the "Kasida" of the Arabs. In others, and these are more numerous, the verses of each strophe have a single rhyme that is not the same for all the strophes. In others the verses of a strophe rhyme among themselves, with the exception of the last, which repeats the rhyme of the first strophe like a refrain. In acrostic poems the rhyme is sometimes supplied by the corresponding letter of the alphabet; thus the first strophe rhymes with a, the second with b, etc. There may also be a different rhyme for the first two measures and for the last. These are the most frequent combinations, but there are others. Most ancient Syriac hymns, e.g., those of St. Ephraem, Narses and Balai, although composed for one or two choirs, were not originally intended for liturgical use properly so called but addressed as much to the laity as to clerics, and date from a period when the codification of harmony, if we may so speak, was not yet regularly established. The result of adapting these hymns to liturgical offices was that they underwent various modifications: Thus a hymn by St. Ephraem, the acrostic of which forms the name "Jesus Christ", begins with the strophe: "Jesus Our Lord the Christ Has appeared to us from the bosom of His Father; He has come to deliver us from darkness, And to illumine us with his resplendent light. It was preceded by the following distich, which forms the refrain: Light is arisen upon the just And joy for those who are broken-hearted." Likewise a hymn of Narses on the Epiphany begins: "Error like darkness, Was stretched over creatures; The light of Christ is arisen And the world possesses knowledge. Its refrain is the following distich: The light of the appearing of Christ Has rejoiced the earth and the heavens." Syriac Hymns do not occur only in the Office that correspond to the Roman Breviary; the Syrians also made use of them in various Iiturgical functions, such as funeral and marriage celebrations. Simple hymns without refrain are called "teshbuhte" (glorifications); the name "cala" (voice) is given to the hymns in which each is preceded by a sentence (metrical or not) expressing a thought in conformity with that of the strophe. It is in a manner an invitation from the first choir to which the second replies by strophe, e.g.: First choir: "Open to me the gates of justice." Second choir: "Open to us, Lord, the great treasure," (strophe of four verses). First choir: "And I will enter to praise the Lord." Second choir: "At the gate of thy mercies" (etc., strophe of four verses). Sometimes the strophes are interspersed with versicles from the Psalms. The hymns in the Syriac Office, which conclude the part known as sedra and replace the short prayers of the Nestorian Office, are called "ba'utha" (prayer, request). Most hymns of this class are in pentasyllabic verses and are the work of the poet Balai (d. about 450). They show great simplicity of thought and language and consist of two strophes, generally of six verses each, sometimes of four, as for example: "During forty days Moses fasted on the mountain: And with the splendor of its light His countenance shone. During forty days Ninive fasted: And the Lord was appeased, And annulled the sentence." Instead of the "ba'utha" occasionally occurs a metrical composition called "seblata" (stairs), which are factitious arrangements of verses borrowed from various sources and arbitrarily arranged by those who co-ordinated or revised the Offices, and are of no assistance in the study of Syriac hymnody. The sagitha is less frequently replaced by the augitha, a canticle in the form of a dialogue that recalls the "Victimae paschali" of the Roman Missal. All the poems of this kind known to us are of Nestorian origin, and are probably the work of Narses. They are uniformly constructed with an introduction and a dialogue; the introduction is composed of from five to ten strophes of four heptasyllabic verses; the dialogue between two persons or two groups of persons contains forty four strophes (twenty-two for each interlocutor) similar to those in the prologue and forming an alphabetic acrostic. These compositions of rather lively measure are stamped by a certain grace. The subject is adapted to the liturgical feast of the day; thus in the canticle for Christmas, the dialogue is between the Blessed Virgin and the Magi; for the Annunciation, between Gabriel and Mary; for the feast of Syrian Doctors, between Cyril and Nestorius, etc. These three kinds of hymns correspond to the three subjects that form their usual theme, praise, prayer, and instruction, but as has been said the last-named was chiefly imparted by the mimre. Extensive study of Syriac hymnody would show whether there is any relationship between it and Byzantine hymnody, which hypothesis has had as many opponents as defenders; but this study is an undertaking fraught with difficulties, owing to the small number of documents published in satisfactory condition. Indeed the knowledge of hymns supplied by editions of the liturgical books of Catholic Chaldeans, Syrians, or Maronites is inadequate for the reasons indicated above. The works of St. Ephraem, which contain a large number of them (authentic or apocryphal), have not been critically edited. The Nestorian Breviaries, which have most faithfully preserved the ancient texts, have never been printed and manuscripts are rare, while the collections of hymns apart from liturgical books are few and have not been sufficiently studied. Melodies that originated in East-Syriac Rite and West-Syriac Rite rites in the Middle East have survived in Kerala. </doc> <doc id="2341449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341449" title="DDK"> DDK DDK abbreviation may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2341451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341451" title="Joe Gilliam"> Joe Gilliam Joseph Wiley Gilliam, Jr. (December 29, 1950December 25, 2000) was a professional football player, a quarterback with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League for four seasons. Primarily a backup, he started the first six games of the 1974 season. Born in Charleston, West Virginia, Gilliam was the third of four children of Ruth and Joe Gilliam, Sr. He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, and spent many hours on the campus of Tennessee A&I State University (renamed Tennessee State University in 1968), where his father was the defensive coordinator for the Tigers football team. Gilliam displayed his own athletic abilities at a young age, beginning at Washington Junior High School, where he participated in tumbling, track, and basketball. In 1966, he became the starting quarterback at Pearl High School and led the squad when they played in the city’s first season of integrated football. While in high school, Gilliam kept close to the Tigers program as a ball boy for home games. While at Tennessee State, he played under legendary coach John Merritt. He was an All-American his junior and senior seasons. In 1970, the Tigers went 10-0 and played in the now defunct Grantland Rice Bowl played in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Gilliam passed for two touchdowns, and ran for a third, as Tennessee State defeated Southwestern Louisiana 26-25. They were named Black College National Champions. Gilliam's senior season saw a repeat of accolades. He was named All-American, and the Tigers returned to Baton Rouge. With a 8-1 record, the Tigers faced McNeese State. Trailing 16-6, Gilliam threw two touchdown passes to John Holland to take a 19-16 lead. A third touchdown pass to Ollie Smith clinched a 26-23 victory. Gilliam's teammate at Tennessee State was Ed "Too Tall" Jones. Gilliam was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 11th round of the 1972 NFL Draft, the 273rd overall pick. He made is regular season debut on Monday Night Football, during a Week Eight game against the Miami Dolphins Prior to the 1974 regular season, Steelers head coach Chuck Noll stated that the starting quarterback position was "wide open" among Terry Bradshaw, Gilliam, and Terry Hanratty. Gilliam outperformed the other two in the 1974 pre-season and Noll named Gilliam the starting quarterback, the first African American quarterback to start a season opener after the AFL–NFL merger in 1970. After a 30–0 win in the season opener over Baltimore, he was featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated". Although he was 4-1-1 in the first six games, he was benched in late October for his lackluster performance and ignoring team rules and game plans. In particular, Gilliam ran afoul of Chuck Noll for his excessive number of pass plays. During the Week 2 game against Denver Broncos, he threw a record 50 passes and almost totally ignored the run game, leading to a 35-35 tie. In Week 3, Gilliam delivered a terrible performance with only 8 completed passes in 31 attempts and 2 interceptions, leading to the Steelers suffering the humiliation of a home shutout by arch-rival Oakland Raiders. After fans began demanding Terry Bradshaw's return, Gilliam was benched. He also received numerous death threats, some of them racially charged. Bradshaw returned as the starter on Monday night in week 7 and led the team to a win in Super Bowl IX, the first of four Super Bowl championships with him at the helm of the offense. "He gave me my job back," Bradshaw told sportscaster James Brown on a February 2000 edition of "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" on HBO. "It's not like I beat him out." The 1975 season was his last on an NFL roster, as the team repeated as champions in Super Bowl X. Gilliam felt that his demotion was based on racial reasons. In an interview with "The Tennessean" a year before his death, he said "I thought if you played well, you got to play. I guess I didn't understand the significance of being a black quarterback at the time." Wide receiver John Stallworth recalled that Gilliam's demotion was due to his poor on-field performance, disobeying Chuck Noll's game plan, and substance abuse issues and there was no racial motivation whatsoever on the team's part. He noted that Noll was "completely color-blind" as a coach and not racist in any way. Linebacker Andy Russell said that Gilliam was "immensely talented" as a quarterback, but unable to stay off of drugs. During 1975, Gilliam only took a handful of snaps and was cut at the end of the season. He battled heroin, cocaine, and alcohol addiction on and off over the next several years and even ended up living in a cardboard box under a bridge for two years. He was arrested in New Orleans in 1976 for possession of a gun and cocaine. The New Orleans Saints then signed Gilliam, but he was cut in both 1976 and 1977, then played with the semi-pro Pittsburgh Wolf Pak, but quit in August 1978, after playing in just six games. He returned to semi-pro in 1979 with the Baltimore Eagles in the Atlantic Football Conference, but his season would take a couple of bizarre turns: first, an abortive attempt to jump to the Alabama Vulcans of the American Football Association ended when he borrowed the Vulcans' owner's Cadillac and failed to return it. Gilliam went back to Baltimore, only to be the victim of an attack by four men, who dragged him out of his parked car and repeatedly hit him on the head. Gilliam returned to football in 1981, playing quarterback for the semi-pro New Orleans Blue Knights of the Dixie Football League. He played with the Blue Knights for six seasons. When he was playing football, he was working the docks of New Orleans loading and unloading barges. In 1983, Gilliam attempted a comeback to pro football in the new United States Football League, but was cut by the Denver Gold, then picked up by the Washington Federals. The Federals were 0-3 when they signed Gilliam. He played in four games, starting two of them. His only season in the USFL saw him pass for 5 touchdowns and twice as many interceptions. Gilliam was cut early in training camp in January 1984, and retired from the sport for good. In 1986, Joe Gilliam was inducted into the American Football Association's Semi Pro Football Hall of Fame. Gilliam ran a football camp in Nashville from time to time. He earned the nickname "Jefferson Street Joe" for the boulevard that runs by Tennessee State University in Nashville. Gilliam died of a cocaine overdose on Christmas Day, 2000 shortly after watching an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and Tennessee Titans. He was four days away from his 50th birthday. Gilliam was sober for three years prior to his death and able to attend the final Steelers game at Three Rivers Stadium. Gilliam's daughter is R&B singer Joi. His ex son-in-law is rapper Big Gipp of the Goodie Mob. </doc> <doc id="2341454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341454" title="Pulp mill"> Pulp mill A pulp mill is a manufacturing facility that converts wood chips or other plant fibre source into a thick fibre board which can be shipped to a paper mill for further processing. Pulp can be manufactured using mechanical, semi-chemical or fully chemical methods (kraft and sulfite processes). The finished product may be either bleached or non-bleached, depending on the customer requirements. Wood and other plant materials used to make pulp contain three main components (apart from water): cellulose fibres (desired for papermaking), lignin (a three-dimensional polymer that binds the cellulose fibres together) and hemicelluloses, (shorter branched carbohydrate polymers). The aim of pulping is to break down the bulk structure of the fibre source, be it chips, stems or other plant parts, into the constituent fibres. Chemical pulping achieves this by degrading the lignin and hemicellulose into small, water-soluble molecules which can be washed away from the cellulose fibres without depolymerizing the cellulose fibres (chemically depolymerizing the cellulose weakens the fibres). The various mechanical pulping methods, such as groundwood (GW) and refiner mechanical (RMP) pulping, physically tear the cellulose fibres one from another. Much of the lignin remains adhering to the fibres. Strength is impaired because the fibres may be cut. Related hybrid pulping methods use a combination of chemical and thermal treatment to begin an abbreviated chemical pulping process, followed immediately by a mechanical treatment to separate the fibres. These hybrid methods include thermomechanical pulping (TMP) and chemithermomechanical pulping (CTMP). The chemical and thermal treatments reduce the amount of energy subsequently required by the mechanical treatment, and also reduce the amount of strength loss suffered by the fibres. Much of the information about the technology in following subsections is from the book by C.J. Biermann. The chemistry of the various pulping processes can be found in Sjöström's book. The most common fibre source for pulp mills is pulpwood. Other common sources are bagasse and fibre crops. The first step in all mills using wood (trees) as the fibre source is to remove the bark. Bark contains relatively few usable fibres and darkens the pulp. The removed bark is burned, along with other unusable plant material, to generate steam to run the mill. Almost all wood is then chipped before being processed further in order to free the fibres. Removal of the bark is done in a "barker" (or "debarker"). The bark adhesion is about 3–5 kg/cm in the growing season (summer) and 2-3 times higher in the dormant season (winter). The bark of frozen logs is even more difficult to remove. In chemical pulp mills, the bark introduces unwanted contaminants such as calcium, silica and aluminium that cause scaling and give an extra loading for the chemical recovery system. Birch bark contains betulin, a terpenoid that easily creates deposits in a pulp mill. The earliest mills used sandstone grinding rollers to break up small wood logs called "bolts", but the use of natural stone ended in the 1940s with the introduction of manufactured stones with embedded silicon carbide or aluminum oxide. The pulp made by this process is known as "stone groundwood" pulp (SGW). If the wood is ground in a pressurized, sealed grinder the pulp is classified as "pressure groundwood" (PGW) pulp. Most modern mills use chips rather than logs and ridged metal discs called refiner plates instead of grindstones. If the chips are just ground up with the plates, the pulp is called "refiner mechanical" pulp (RMP), if the chips are steamed while being refined the pulp is called "thermomechanical" pulp (TMP). Steam treatment significantly reduces the total energy needed to make the pulp and decreases the damage (cutting) to fibers. Mechanical pulp mills use large amounts of energy, mostly electricity to power motors which turn the grinders. A rough estimate of the electrical energy needed is 10,000 megajoules (MJ) per tonne of pulp (2,750 kWh per tonne) Chemical pulping processes such as the kraft (or sulphate) process and the sulfite process remove much of the hemicelluloses and lignin. The kraft process does less damage to the cellulose fibres than the sulfite process, thereby producing stronger fibres, but the sulfite process makes pulp that is easier to bleach. The chemical pulping processes use a combination of high temperature and alkaline (kraft) or acidic (sulfite) chemicals to break the chemical bonds of the lignin. The material fed into the digester must be small enough to allow the pulping liquor to penetrate the pieces completely. In the case of wood, the logs are chipped and the chips screened so that what is fed to the digester is a uniform size. The oversize chips are rechipped or used as fuel, sawdust is burned. The screened chips or cut plant material (bamboo, kenaf, etc.) goes to the digester where it is mixed with an aqueous solution of the pulping chemicals, then heated with steam. In the kraft process the pulping chemicals are sodium hydroxide and sodium sulphide and the solution is known as white liquor. In the sulfite process the pulping chemical is a mixture of metal (sodium, magnesium, potassium or calcium) and ammonium sulfite or sulphite. After several hours in the digester, the chips or cut plant material breaks down into a thick porridge-like consistency and is "blown" or squeezed from the outlet of the digester through an airlock. The sudden change in pressure results in a rapid expansion of the fibres, separating the fibres even more. The resulting fibre suspension in water solution is called "brown stock". Brown stock washers, using countercurrent flow, remove the spent cooking chemicals and degraded lignin and hemicellulose. The extracted liquid, known as black liquor in the kraft process, and red or brown liquor in the sulfite processes, is concentrated, burned and the sodium and sulphur compounds recycled in the recovery process. Lignosulphonates are a useful byproduct recovered from the spent liquor in the sulfite process. The clean pulp (stock) can be bleached in the bleach plant or left unbleached, depending on the end use. The stock is sprayed onto the pulp machine wire, water drains off, more water is removed by pressing the sheet of fibres, and the sheet is then dried. At this point the sheets of pulp are several millimetres thick and have a coarse surface: it is not yet paper. The dried pulp is cut, stacked, bailed and shipped to another facility for whatever further process is needed. Bleached kraft pulp and bleached sulfite pulp are used to make high quality, white printing paper. One of the most visible uses for unbleached kraft pulp is to make brown paper shopping bags and wrapping paper where strength is particularly important. A special grade of bleached sulfite pulp, known as dissolving pulp, is used to make cellulose derivatives such as methylcellulose which are used in a wide range of everyday products from laxatives to baked goods to wallpaper paste. Some mills pretreat wood chips or other plant material like straw with sodium carbonate, sodium hydroxide, sodium sulfite, and other chemical prior to refining with equipment similar to a mechanical mill. The conditions of the chemical treatment are much less vigorous (lower temperature, shorter time, less extreme pH) than in a chemical pulping process, since the goal is to make the fibers easier to refine, not to remove lignin as in a fully chemical process. Pulps made using these hybrid processes are known as chemi-thermomechanical pulps (CTMP). Sometimes a CTMP mill is located on the same site as a kraft mill so that the effluent from the CTMP mill can be treated in the kraft recovery process to regenerate the inorganic pulping chemicals. The pulp process involves many production stages, usually coupled with intermediate storage tanks. As each stage has a different reliability and bottlenecks may vary from day to day, scheduling a pulp mill needs to take into account these bottlenecks and the probability of a disturbance or breakdown. Each stage also may have different decision variables, such as steam / water / chemical input, etc. Finally, scheduling needs to consider fuel optimisation and CO emissions, because part of the energy requirements may be met from fossil-fuel boilers. The overall aim is to maximise production at minimum cost. Stainless steels are used extensively in the Pulp and Paper industry for two primary reasons, to avoid iron contamination of the product and their corrosion resistance to the various chemicals used in the paper making process. A wide range stainless steels are used throughout the pulp making process. For example, duplex stainless steels are being used in digesters to convert wood chips into wood pulp and 6% Mo superaustenitic stainless steels are used in the bleach plant. </doc> <doc id="2341461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341461" title="Dominic Dromgoole"> Dominic Dromgoole Dominic Dromgoole (born 25 October 1963) is an English theatre director and writer about the theatre who has recently begun to work in film. He lives in Hackney with his three daughters and partner Sasha Hails. He is the son of an actress turned schoolteacher, Jenny Davis, and of Patrick Dromgoole, a theatre director and television executive, whose directing credits included the first production of Joe Orton's "Entertaining Mr. Sloane". Born in Bristol, Dromgoole grew up on a farm in Somerset and attended Millfield School in Street, Somerset. His sister is theatre and radio director Jessica Dromgoole and his brother was 2017 Labour candidate for Somerton and Frome Sean Dromgoole. When he was 16, he formed his own theatre company which took shows to the Edinburgh festival and toured them round the south-west. He studied English and classics at Cambridge University, where he directed student productions. Six months after graduating from Cambridge, Dromgoole started working part-time as an assistant director at the Bush Theatre, London. In 1990 he became artistic director of the Bush, and stayed there until 1996. During this time, he premiered 65 new plays including early works by Billy Roche, Philip Ridley, Catherine Johnson, Sebastian Barry, Jonathan Harvey, Simon Bent, Naomi Wallace, Irvine Welsh, David Harrower, Samuel Adamson and Conor McPherson, and the original production of Helen Edmundson's "The Clearing" in 1993. After a period in charge of new plays for Sir Peter Hall's company at the Old Vic, he ran the Oxford Stage Company from 1999 until 2005. His directing credits during this time included "Troilus and Cressida", "50 Revolutions", Anton Chekhov's "Three Sisters", "Rookery Nook" by Ben Travers and August Strindberg's "Easter". In 2005, he took over from Mark Rylance as artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe. In 2008, he signed a new three-year contract to continue in the role until 2011. At the Globe, he directed "Coriolanus" and "Antony and Cleopatra" for the 2006 season, "Love's Labour's Lost" for the 2007 season, "King Lear" in 2008, "Romeo and Juliet" and the new play "A New World" by Trevor Griffiths in 2009, "Henry IV Part I" and "Henry IV Part II" in 2010, a touring production of "Hamlet" in 2011, "Henry V" in 2012 and "Gabriel" by Samuel Adamson with Alison Balson in 2013. In January 2014 he directed "The Duchess of Malfi", the opening production at the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse (the Globe's indoor counterpart). Between these two spaces Dromgoole then went on to direct: "Julius Caesar" in 2014, "The Changeling" and "Romeo and Juliet" again and "Measure for Measure" in 2015, "Pericles" and his final production "The Tempest" in 2016. In 2012, he also organised the olympic theatre festival Globe to Globe, where 38 companies from around the world each brought one of Shakespeare's plays staged in their own language to The Globe stage. This inspired the Globe to Globe tour of Hamlet, directed by Dromgoole in 2016, which toured to 197 countries around the world, and is the subject for Dromgoole's second book. July 2013, Shakespeare's Globe announced that Dromgoole would leave the post in April 2016. He was replaced by Emma Rice His other directing credits include revivals of "Someone Who'll Watch Over Me" at the New Ambassadors Theatre in London, Noël Coward's "Present Laughter", with Rik Mayall, George Bernard Shaw's "John Bull's Other Island" at London's Tricycle Theatre, and Eric Schlosser's "Americans" at the Arcola Theatre. He has also directed plays in the US and Romania. Since leaving Shakespeare's Globe, Dromgoole has set up Open Palm films, for which he directed "Making Noise Quietly" by Robert Holman and Classic Spring, a theatre company presenting a season of Oscar Wilde plays at The Vaudeville Theatre, where Dromgoole will direct "A Woman of No Importance" in 2017. In 2000, his book "The Full Room: An A-Z of Contemporary Playwriting" provided a personal survey of contemporary British playwriting. In 2006, "Will and Me: How Shakespeare Took Over My Life" charted his fascination with William Shakespeare, and won the inaugural Sheridan Morley award. Dromgoole has also contributed to "The New Statesman", "The Sunday Times" and other publications. In 2017 his book "Hamlet Globe to Globe", recounted experiences from the global tour of "Hamlet". </doc> <doc id="2341463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341463" title="Orlando Solar Bears (IHL)"> Orlando Solar Bears (IHL) The Orlando Solar Bears were a professional minor league ice hockey team based in Orlando, Florida. The Solar Bears played in the International Hockey League's Eastern Conference. They played their home games at the Orlando Arena. The Solar Bears franchise started in 1995 and played in the International Hockey League (IHL) until the league folded in 2001. They were owned by the DeVos family, who also owned the Grand Rapids Griffins and the Kansas City Blades of the IHL and the Orlando Magic of the NBA. During their time in the IHL, the team made it to three Turner Cup finals, being swept by the Utah Grizzlies in 1996, losing in game seven to the Houston Aeros in 1999 and defeating the Chicago Wolves in five games in 2001, which was the final Turner Cup Championship. Several IHL teams were taken into the American Hockey League, but the Solar Bears were not among them. The DeVos family could only bring one team into the AHL, and chose the Griffins because the Solar Bears had never drawn well despite their on-ice success, including being the second-last team to win the Turner Cup. A handful of Solar Bears went on to play for the team they defeated for the championship, the Chicago Wolves, in the AHL, most notably goalie Norm Maracle, the IHL MVP of that deciding playoff series. That Wolves team went on to win the Calder Cup in their first AHL season. During its inaugural season, the Solar Bears starred center Alfie Turcotte, former first round pick of the Montreal Canadiens. Other notable team members included: Hubie McDonough (New York Islanders), C.; Pat Neaton, D.; Barry Dreger, D.; Todd Richards, F.; Craig Fisher (Philadelphia Flyers), D.; Curtis Murphy, D.; Allan Bester, G.; Scott LaGrand; Dave Barr. C.; Mark Beaufait, F.; Todd Krygier (Washington Capitals), F.; Kirby Law, F.; Mike Hartman, F.; Jason Blake, F.; Zac Boyer, F.; Grigori Panteleev, F; Herbert Vasiljevs, F.; and Dan Snyder, F. In the 1999 Turner Cup Conference Finals, the Solar Bears completed the only successful comeback from a 0–3 deficit in the 56-year history of the International Hockey League, against the Detroit Vipers. In Game 7, rookie Jason Blake scored twice in regulation and winger Todd Krygier got the game-winner 25 seconds into the second overtime, giving Orlando a 5–4 victory. The Solar Bears went on to lose in the finals, 4 games to 3, to the Houston Aeros. In 2011, the ECHL announced a new franchise had been awarded to Orlando. On November 16, 2011 it was announced that the new team would be named the Orlando Solar Bears. "Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes" Turner Cup Eastern Conference Champions Trophy James Norris Memorial Trophy (Best Goaltender – Statistical) Commissioners' Trophy (Coach of the Year) Ken McKenzie Trophy (American Born Rookie of the Year) James Gatschene Memorial Trophy (Most Valuable Player) N.R. Poile Trophy (Playoff MVP) Gary F. Longman Memorial Trophy (Rookie of the Year) Comeback Player of the Year Most Goals in a season: Craig Fisher, 74 (1995–96)<br> Most Assists in a season: Mark Beaufait, 79 (1995–96)<br> Most Points in a season: Craig Fisher, 130 (1995–96)<br> Most Penalty Minutes in a season: Barry Dreger, 387 (1996–97)<br> Most Wins in a season: Allan Bester, 37 (1996–97)<br> Most Shutouts in a season: Norm Maracle, 8 (2000–01) List of Orlando Solar Bears players </doc> <doc id="2341466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341466" title="Judah Leib Gordon"> Judah Leib Gordon Judah Leib (Ben Asher) Gordon, also known as Leon Gordon, (December 7, 1830, Vilnius, Lithuania – September 16, 1892, St. Petersburg, Russia) (Hebrew: יהודה לייב גורדון) was among the most important Hebrew poets of the Jewish Enlightenment. Gordon was born to well-to-do Jewish parents who owned a hotel in Vilnius. As a privileged child, he was able to study "Torah" with some of the great educators of the city, and soon proved to be an exceptional student. He had already mastered the entire Bible by the age of eleven, and was fluent in hundreds of pages of "Talmud." Matters took a sharp turn when Gordon was fourteen, and his father went bankrupt. Unable to finance his son's education any longer, the younger Gordon began a course of independent study at one of the many study halls in the city. In just three years, he had mastered almost the entire Talmud and dozens of other religious texts. By that time, however, he was also drawn by the spirit of the Enlightenment that was sweeping across the city. He began reading secular literature and learning foreign languages, and he befriended some of the leading Haskalah figures of the time, including Kalman Schulman, the poet Abraham Dob Bär Lebensohn and his son Micah Joseph Lebensohn. With the financial situation deteriorating at home, Gordon, then twenty-two, decided it was time for him to pursue a career. He received a teaching certificate from the local rabbinical college, and became a school teacher in some of the smaller towns that housed major "yeshiva"s, including Ponivezh and Telz. During the twenty years he spent as a teacher, he produced his most important work as a poet and author. In late 1871 Gordon was invited by the Jewish community of Saint Petersburg to serve as secretary of both the community and the Society for the Spread of Enlightenment among the Jews of Russia; after several months of negotiations, he accepted the dual position for a three-month trial period, beginning in June 1872. Welcoming the move to the cosmopolitan Russian capital, and finding his activities on behalf of the community and the society well suited to his aspirations to contribute to the modernization of Jewish life, he quickly made himself indispensable in his post, and the community offered him a permanent contract, which he accepted. He continued in this position continuously for nearly seven years. In May 1879 he was arrested for purported anti-czarist activities, and exiled for some months to Pudozh, in the Olonets district, before finally being cleared of the charges in 1880; it was a blow to him that the Saint Petersburg community chose not to reinstate him in his post upon his return. That same year Gordon became an editor for the Hebrew newspaper "Ha-Melitz"; and, despite frequent conflict with the newspaper's founder and editor-in-chief, Aleksander Zederbaum, he continued in that capacity until 1888. Gordon took a leading part in the modern revival of the Hebrew language and culture. His satires did much to rouse the Russian Jews to a new sense of the reality of life, and Gordon was the apostle of enlightenment in the Ghettos. His Hebrew style is classical and pure. Much of his poetry revolves around biblical and historical themes. These include "The Love of David and Michal" (1857), "King Zedekiah in Prison" (1879), "Judah's Parables" (1859), "David and Barzilai", "Osenath, Daughter of Potiphera", "From between the Lion's Teeth", and "From the Depths of the Sea". His works were intended to disseminate Enlightenment values and had a profound impact on Jewish life. Many feel his romantic works lack the same militancy of his poetic works, though his advocacy resurfaces in his realistic novels. Gordon also published collections of fables, most of them translated. In works such as "Little Fables for Big Children", he continues to advocate for the adoption of Enlightenment values, as he does in his memoirs, published in the last year of his life. Among his other writing on social issues is "The Point on Top of the Yodh" (Kotzo shel yud), dealing with the rights of women. The poem, which he dedicated to his friend the hebraist Miriam Markel-Mosessohn, describes a narrow-minded rabbi who destroys a woman's chance for happiness by invalidating her "get" (divorce document) – due to a trifling spelling mistake (the poem's Hebrew title essentially refers to "crossing the t's and dotting the i's"). His poems were collected in four volumes, "Kol Shire Yehudah" (St. Petersburg, 1883–1884); his novels in "Kol Kitbe Yehuda" ("Collected Writings of Gordon", Odessa, 1889). </doc> <doc id="2341468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341468" title="Pei Xuan"> Pei Xuan Pei Xuan is a fictional character in "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels in Chinese literature. Nicknamed "Iron Faced Magistrate's Clerk", he ranks 47th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 11th among the 72 Earthly Fiends. Born in Jingzhao Prefecture (京兆府; around present-day Xi'an, Shaanxi), Pei Xuan serves as a "kongmu" (; magistrate's clerk) under the local magistrate. He holds a reputation for being a stern but fair bureaucrat who always goes according to the book in enforcing court judgments against people regardless of their social status. He yields to neither threats nor bribes. As a result, he earns himself the nickname "Iron Faced Magistrate's Clerk". Apart from his legal expertise, he is also well-versed in swordsmanship and scholarly arts. Pei Xuan's no-nonsense approach towards his job finally got him into trouble with corrupt officials, who falsely accused him of insubordination and bribed the magistrate to sentence him to exile at Shamen Island (沙門島; present-day Changdao County, Shandong). Along the way, when Pei Xuan and his escorts passed by Yinma River (飲馬川; in present-day Ji County, Tianjin), they encountered a bandit gang led by Deng Fei and Meng Kang. The bandits attacked the escorts and saved Pei Xuan, who felt so grateful that he decided to join the gang. As he was the oldest among the three, he became the overall leader of the gang. One day, when Dai Zong and Yang Lin pass by Yinma River, they meet the three bandit leaders and befriend them. After accepting Dai Zong's invitation to join the outlaw band at Liangshan Marsh, the three bandit leaders and their followers disguise themselves as soldiers and make their way to Liangshan. Following the Grand Assembly of the 108 Stars of Destiny, Pei Xuan becomes Liangshan's "de facto" chief justice as he is put in charge of making decisions on rewards and punishments. After the Liangshan outlaws receive amnesty from Emperor Huizong, Pei Xuan follows them on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces on Song territory. During the campaign against Wang Qing's rebel forces, Pei Xuan, Xiao Rang and Jin Dajian are captured by the enemy and imprisoned in Jingnan (荊南; around present-day Jingzhou, Hubei). Despite being tortured, they refuse to surrender and reveal information about the Liangshan forces. They are freed when Xiao Jiasui and others rise up and help the Liangshan forces defeat the rebels and retake Jingnan. Pei Xuan is one of the few Liangshan heroes who survive all the campaigns, particularly the final one against Fang La's rebel forces. When the remaining Liangshan heroes return to the imperial capital to report their victory, Emperor Huizong grants them official posts and titles to honour them for their service to the Song Empire. Pei Xuan, however, declines his appointment and chooses to return to Yinma River with his friend Yang Lin. </doc> <doc id="2341487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341487" title="Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport"> Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman International Airport () (IATA: BPN, ICAO: WALL), also known as Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport, formerly Sepinggan Airport, is an international airport serving East Kalimantan area on the island of Kalimantan, Indonesia. The airport began its new operational phase on August 6, 1997, with new building and runway structure, replacing old structure on the same site. The airport is operated by PT. Angkasa Pura I, which has an area of 300 hectares. Development plans on available lands around the airport continue to be implemented, including transit hotel, meeting rooms, restaurants and mini markets. Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport is the 6th busiest airport in Indonesia and the busiest airport in Kalimantan and Borneo. From October to December 2014 (in 5-15 million passengers capacity category), Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport becomes the world's 16th best in Airport Service Quality or the best in Southeast Asia by Airport Council International survey among 79 airports with passengers capacity between 5-15 million a year. The construction of Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport started in the Dutch colonial era before Indonesian independence. It was used mainly for the Dutch Oil Company's activities in the Balikpapan area. The airport soon became public and commercial after its management was handed over to Direktorat Jenderal Perhubungan Udara of Republic Indonesia in 1960. Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport was finally managed by Perum Angkasa Pura I (PT Angkasa Pura I on present day) due to Government Regulation (PP) No.1 on 9 January 1987. With numerous buildings located around the airport and its only runway jutting out into the settlement, landings at the airport were dramatic to experience and technically demanding for pilots. Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport had been renovated twice from 1991 to 1997. The first phase was started in 1991 and ended in 1994, to renovate the taxiway, passenger and cargo terminals and lengthen the runway. In 1995, the Indonesian government announced Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Airport as the fifth Indonesian hajj embarkation airport for Kalimantan region which also consists West Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan and South Kalimantan province. The second phase renovation took place in 1996 to renovate the hangars, fuel depots and the administration buildings. The second phase was finished and the airport started its new operational era with the new buildings and facilities in 1997. The new terminal was tested on 22 March 2014 with capacity 10 million passengers per year in 110,000-meter square area with Rp2 trillion ($178 million) investment as the biggest airport in East Indonesia which overcame the overcapacity of 7.1 million passengers last year in only 1.7 million capacity of old terminal. The Sultan Aji Muhammad Sulaiman Eco-Airport is equipped with recycling water plant, air condition control of energy efficiency, using as much as it can of sun lighting, has 11 trunk alleys, 74 check-in counters, 8 conveyor belts, 140,900-meter square apron, 2,300 parking lot in multi storey building. The new terminal is formally opened on September 15, 2014. </doc> <doc id="2341493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341493" title="California's 48th congressional district special election, 2005"> California's 48th congressional district special election, 2005 In the fall of 2005, a special election was held in the 48th Congressional District of California to choose a United States Representative to replace Republican Christopher Cox, who resigned effective August 2, 2005, to become Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. A Special primary election was held on October 4. Because no candidate received more than 50% of the vote, a runoff general election took place on December 6, 2005. The top vote getter from each party moved to the runoff contest, which only required a candidate to receive a plurality of the vote. Republican candidate John Campbell ultimately won the runoff with only 44% of the vote, as there were three major candidates. The district is located in Orange County in southern California, and includes the cities of Aliso Viejo, Dana Point, Irvine, Laguna Beach, Laguna Hills, Laguna Niguel, Laguna Woods Lake Forest (formerly known as El Toro), Tustin, and parts of Newport Beach, San Juan Capistrano, and Santa Ana. Ten Republicans qualified for the special primary election. California State Senator John Campbell won the Republican nomination by coming in first in the special primary election. Former State Assemblywoman Marilyn Brewer came in second. Other Republican candidates included dentist David R. Crouch, former Tustin councilman John Kelly, attorney Scott MacCabe, attorney Guy E. Mailly, real estate agent Masha A. Morris, businessman Marshall Samuel Sanders, businessman Edward A. Suppe, and physician Don A. Udall. Four Democrats qualified for the special primary election. Attorney Steve Young, UCI professor John Graham (who ran for the seat in three previous elections against Chris Cox: 2000, 2002, and 2004), teacher Bea Foster, and marketing consultant Tom Pallow. Real estate agent Bruce D. Cohen of the Libertarian Party and teacher Béa Tiritilli of the Green Party were both unopposed for the nominations of their respective parties. Minuteman Project founder Jim Gilchrist was eventually chosen for the American Independent Party nomination. Robert C. Dornan also briefly tried to capture the nomination of the American Independent Party, but was rebuffed by the party's leaders. Dornan would later endorse Gilchrist. Campbell and Brewer were generally considered the frontrunners, with Gilchrist viewed as a possible spoiler against Campbell in the special primary election. Campbell had the backing of many major Republican officeholders, including Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, and closely identified with the policies of President George W. Bush. Brewer was considered the more moderate alternative, in favor of abortion and stem cell research and endorsed by Senator John McCain. A sore point for some conservatives in the district was Campbell's position on illegal immigration. Gilchrist ran as a third party candidate primarily on his support for stronger immigration laws. The district is overwhelmingly conservative, with Republicans enjoying a 2 to 1 voter registration advantage (Christopher Cox won his last bid for re-election with 65% of the vote). Most pundits therefore viewed the contest as which Republican candidate would get the honor of filling the vacant seat. Because John Campbell obtained the majority of the endorsements within the Republican establishment, and was able to raise over $2,000,000, it quickly became apparent that Campbell would be destined to win. Campbell's strategy was to ensure that Jim Gilchrist would not "steal" too many votes that would have otherwise gone to him had Gilchrist not run. Gilchrist for his part, spent $500,000 to ensure that the topic of illegal immigration is prominent in the race. Democratic attorney Steve Young spent a large amount of his own money in the hope that Gilchrist and Campbell will split the conservative vote to a point which would allow him to edge both of them. Although Gilchrist spent more than twice the amount Young spent, Young edged Gilchrist for second place by two percentage points in the December 6 general election. Campbell's confidence in his victory was quite evident. In September, he skipped a candidate forum, and in November he attended a fundraiser for himself in Washington D.C. in which Dick Cheney was the guest of honor. He also bought a December 7 early morning airplane ticket to Washington days before the December 6 runoff. On October 4, Republican John Campbell garnered 45.5 percent of the vote, 4.5 percent short of the majority necessary to avoid a runoff race. He faced the leading vote getter from the four other parties participating: American Independent Jim Gilchrist, Democrat Steve Young, Green Béa Tiritilli, and Libertarian Bruce Cohen in a December 6 runoff. The result of the December 6 general election are notable in that Campbell's plurality actually decreased by more than a point, and the combined Democratic total nearly doubled in the general election, with Gilchrist additionally gaining ten points. This would seem to indicate that a large majority of the voters who voted for a Republican candidate other than Campbell in the October 4 special primary election, did not rally behind Campbell in the special general election. Campbell's victory caused a vacancy in the 35th State Senate district. A special primary election was scheduled for April 11, 2006. Two Republicans: Assemblymember and former Huntington Beach, California councilmember Tom Harman, and Dana Point, California councilmember Diane Harkey raised $330 thousand, and $800 thousand respectively for the race (Harkey spent $620 thousand of her own money) , . The Democratic candidate, Larry Caballero, spent virtually nothing. In a race that was largely centered on the issue of illegal immigration , Harman edged Harkey by 236 votes, out of over 98,000 votes cast . Harkey has sought a recount of the official results, at a cost of $14,000 (which she had to absorb). The recount did not change the outcome, with Harman's lead shrinking to 225 votes . Harman faced Caballero in a runoff on June 6 and won the race to succeed Campbell by a 2-1 margin. Harman's election to the State Senate left a vacancy in the State Assembly, which stayed vacant until December 4, 2006, when Jim Silva was sworn in after winning the regularly scheduled election for the seat on November 7. </doc> <doc id="2341496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341496" title="Sun Li (Water Margin)"> Sun Li (Water Margin) Sun Li is a fictional character in "Water Margin", one of the four great classical novels of Chinese literature. Nicknamed "Sick Yuchi", he ranks 39th among the 108 Stars of Destiny and 3rd among the 72 Earthly Fiends. The novel describes Sun Li as eight "chi" tall and having a broad face with whiskers, and a pair of jet black eyes. A highly skilled warrior, he is proficient in using a range of weapons in combat. His preferred weapons are a pair of steel clubs similar to those wielded by Huyan Zhuo. Due to his physical appearance and impatient personality, he is often likened to the Tang dynasty general Yuchi Gong. However, because of his lighter complexion, he is nicknamed "Sick Yuchi" since people who look pale are often believed to be ill. Sun Li has a younger brother, Sun Xin, who is nicknamed "Little Yuchi". Although the Sun brothers' ancestral home is in Qiongzhou (瓊州; present-day Hainan), they have been living in Dengzhou (登州; in present-day eastern Shandong) for some time because Sun Li works there as a garrison officer. Sun Xin and his wife, Gu Dasao, run a tavern in Dengzhou. On one occasion, Gu Dasao receives news from the jailer Yue He (Sun Li's brother-in-law) that her cousins Xie Zhen and Xie Bao, who work as hunters in the rural region of Dengzhou, have been framed, imprisoned and sentenced to death. With her husband's help, she recruits Yue He and the outlaws Zou Yuan and Zou Run to join them in staging a raid on the prison to save the Xie brothers. However, she is worried that her brother-in-law Sun Li will stand in their way so she and her husband lure Sun Li to a meeting and pressure him into joining them. Although Sun Li is initially reluctant to become an outlaw, he eventually agrees when he feels convinced that they are doing the right thing in saving the Xie brothers. Yue He secretly helps the group by opening the prison gates and distracting the other prison guards during the raid. After saving the Xie brothers, the whole group flee to Liangshan Marsh and join the outlaw band there. At the time, the Liangshan outlaws are locked in a stalemate during a battle against the Zhu Family Village. As Sun Li previously learnt martial arts from the same master as Luan Tingyu, the martial arts instructor of the village, he suggests to his fellow outlaws that he can make use of his relationship with Luan Tingyu to infiltrate the village and work as a spy for Liangshan. After the outlaws approve, Sun Li brings along the group who followed him to Liangshan (Sun Xin, Gu Dasao, Xie Zhen, Xie Bao, Yue He, Zou Yuan and Zou Run) and makes his way to the Zhu Family Village. He lies to Luan Tingyu and the Zhus that he has heard that they are facing problems with the Liangshan outlaws, and has brought along his family and friends to provide assistance. Although the Zhus seem to welcome Sun Li and his group, they are not completely convinced that he genuinely wants to help them. However, after Sun Li defeats and captures Liangshan's Shi Xiu in a one-on-one duel, he manages to win the Zhus' trust and confidence. (Sun Li and Shi Xiu had, in fact, secretly agreed beforehand that Shi Xiu will feign defeat and allow Sun Li to capture him.) When the opportunity arises, Sun Li and his group create chaos inside the village and let the Liangshan outlaws enter and overrun the village. The battle between Liangshan and the Zhus conclude with a total victory for Liangshan. Sun Li becomes one of the scouting generals of the Liangshan cavalry after 108 Stars of Destiny come together in what is called the Grand Assembly. After the Liangshan heroes receive amnesty from Emperor Huizong, Sun Li follows them on their campaigns against the Liao invaders and rebel forces on Song territory as a form of service to the Song Empire. By the end of the final campaign against Fang La's rebel forces, Sun Li is one of the few Liangshan heroes who manage to survive and make their way back to Dongjing (東京; present-day Kaifeng, Henan) to report their victory to the Song imperial court. To honour Sun Li for his service to the Song Empire, Emperor Huizong reinstates him as a garrison officer in Dengzhou. Sun Li then returns to Dengzhou with his brother and sister-in-law to continue living their lives as before they became outlaws. In "Iron Arm, Golden Sabre", Sun Li is portrayed as a fellow student of Zhou Tong and Luan Tingyu. They learn martial arts from a Shaolin martial artist called Tan Zhengfan. Zhou Tong becomes a drill instructor of the Imperial Guards and he recommends Sun Li to be a garrison major in Dengzhou. </doc> <doc id="2341502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341502" title="1969 European Athletics Championships"> 1969 European Athletics Championships The 9th European Athletics Championships were held from 16–21 September 1969 in the Karaiskaki Stadium of Athens, the capital of Greece. New at these championships were the women's 1500 metres and the women's 4×400 metres relay event. Moreover, women's 80 metres hurdles was replaced by women's 100 metres hurdles. Contemporaneous reports on the event were given in the Glasgow Herald. Former East German runner Jürgen May who defected was not allowed to compete for his new country West Germany, because IAAF rules require him to live there for at least three years, as he competed already for East Germany in the 1966 championships. As a consequence, West German officials withdrew their athletes from all individual events, and decided to compete only in the relay races as a symbolic gesture not to disrespect the organising country. The Dutch decathlete Edward de Noorlander was disqualified for the use of amphetamine, the first disqualification for doping in athletics. Complete results were published. According to an unofficial count, 675 athletes from 30 countries participated in the event, one athlete more than the official number of 674 as published. </doc> <doc id="2341503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341503" title="Barometric light"> Barometric light Barometric light is a name for the light that is emitted by a mercury-filled barometer tube when the tube is shaken. The discovery of this phenomenon in 1675 revealed the possibility of electric lighting. The earliest barometers were simply glass tubes that were closed at one end and filled with mercury. The tube was then inverted and its open end was submerged in a cup of mercury. The mercury then drained out of the tube until the pressure of the mercury in the tube — as measured at the surface of the mercury in the cup — equaled the atmosphere's pressure on the same surface. In order to produce barometric light, the glass tube must be very clean and the mercury must be pure. If the barometer is then shaken, a band of light will appear on the glass at the meniscus of the mercury whenever the mercury moves downward. When mercury contacts glass, the mercury transfers electrons to the glass. Whenever the mercury pulls free of the glass, these electrons are released from the glass into the surroundings, where they collide with gas molecules, causing the gas to glow — just as the collision of electrons and neon atoms causes a neon lamp to glow. Barometric light was first observed in 1675 by the French astronomer Jean Picard: "Towards the year 1676, Monsieur Picard was transporting his barometer from the Observatory to Port Saint Michel during the night, [when] he noticed a light in a part of the tube where the mercury was moving; this phenomenon having surprised him, he immediately reported it to the "sçavans", … " The Swiss mathematician Johann Bernoulli studied the phenomenon while teaching at Groningen, the Netherlands, and in 1700 he demonstrated the phenomenon to the French Academy. After learning of the phenomenon from Bernoulli, the Englishman Francis Hauksbee investigated the subject extensively. Hauksbee showed that a complete vacuum was not essential to the phenomenon, for the same glow was apparent when mercury was shaken with air only partially rarefied, and that even without using the barometric tube, bulbs containing low-pressure gases could be made to glow via externally applied static electricity. The phenomenon was also studied by contemporaries of Hauksbee, including the Frenchman Pierre Polinière and a French mathematician, Gabriel-Philippe de la Hire, and subsequently by many others. </doc> <doc id="2341506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341506" title="1971 European Athletics Championships"> 1971 European Athletics Championships The 10th (X) European Athletics Championships were held from 10 August to 15 August 1971 in the Olympic Stadium of Helsinki, the capital of Finland. Contemporaneous reports on the event were given in the Glasgow Herald. Complete results were published. 1966 |1969 |1971 |1974 |1978 1966 |1969 |1971 |1974 |1978 1966 |1969 |1971 |1974 |1978 1966 |1969 |1971 |1974 |1978 According to an unofficial count, 871 athletes from 29 countries participated in the event, fourteen athletes more than the official number of 857 as published. </doc> <doc id="2341507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341507" title="Bill Fraser"> Bill Fraser William Simpson Fraser (5 June 1908 – 9 September 1987) was a Scottish actor who appeared on stage, screen and television for many years. In 1986 he won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Comedy Performance for his stage role in the play "When We Are Married". Fraser was born in Perth and educated at Strathallan School. He began his career as a clerk in a bank before beginning to act. In the early days when acting work was scarce, Fraser was often penniless, frequently sleeping rough on the Embankment in London. Before the Second World War, he ran the Connaught Theatre in Worthing; when called up he served in a Royal Air Force Special Liaison Unit, reaching the rank of flight lieutenant, where he met and became friends with Eric Sykes. Just after the war a chance meeting in a London street led to Fraser's giving Sykes his first work as a writer for radio comedy and the two friends worked together many times over the following years. Fraser is also credited with giving Peter Cushing his first acting job. Fraser often played irascible or belligerent characters on screen and had many roles as a policeman, soldier or judge. His first television appearance was on "The Tony Hancock Show" in 1956, after which he briefly became a regular actor on "Hancock's Half Hour". He then joined "The Army Game" as Sgt Claude Snudge, followed by a sequel called "Bootsie and Snudge". He also played Snudge in the 1964 series "Foreign Affairs". Later comedic roles included parts in the TV dramatisation of "The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13¾" as well as "Ripping Yarns", "The Train Now Standing", "The Corn is Green" and "Father, Dear Father". He also appeared in the comedy films "The Amorous Milkman" and "Doctor at Large"; the big-screen version of "Love Thy Neighbour"; and the Frankie Howerd trilogy "Up Pompeii!", "Up the Front" and "Up the Chastity Belt". He had a recurring role on "Rumpole of the Bailey" as Judge Roger Bullingham, an unsympathetic judge privately nicknamed "the Mad Bull" by defence barrister Horace Rumpole. Fraser's straight parts included Boanerges in "The Apple Cart" and Eddie Waters in "Comedians", both for the BBC, and appearances on "The Professionals" and "The Avengers". He also featured in the "Doctor Who" story "Meglos" in 1980, and appeared in the spin-off show "K-9 and Company" the following year. In the early 1980s, he was in two series of a straight drama on BBC1, "Flesh and Blood"; his performance in its first episode of an industrialist sitting at the bedside of his dying wife was regarded by many as a "tour de force". He appeared as Mr Micawber in the TV dramatisation of "David Copperfield" in 1966. He played Serjeant Buzzfuzz in the TV musical "Pickwick" for the BBC in 1969; and his last role was as Mr Casby in the film version of "Little Dorrit" (1988). He was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1981 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews. Fraser also appeared in an early advertisement for the Austin Metro. In 1985 he was cast as Bert Baxter in "The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole". During those periods when Fraser was not acting, he ran a small sweetshop and tobacconists at Ilford Lane in Ilford, Essex. Bill Fraser played husband to Googie Withers in the Chichester Theatre production of Maugham's "The Circle". It transferred to the West End and played at the Haymarket, and then toured Britain. Also in the cast were Susan Hampshire and John McCallum, who was married to Googie Withers. In 1986 he won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Comedy Performance for his stage role in the play "When We Are Married". He died from emphysema in Bushey, Hertfordshire, aged 79, leaving a widow, the actress Pamela Cundell, whom he had married in 1981. </doc> <doc id="2341508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341508" title="Live at Donington (Iron Maiden album)"> Live at Donington (Iron Maiden album) Live at Donington is a live album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, documenting their second headlining appearance at the Monsters of Rock festival at Donington Park, a motorsport circuit located near Castle Donington. The concert took place on 22 August 1992 during the Fear of the Dark Tour in front of a crowd of almost 80,000. It was originally only released as a limited edition triple vinyl set, with a 2 disc CD release only in Brazil, Canada, Holland, Italy, South Korea, UK and Japan, but became a regular part of the band's CD catalogue with the 1998 reissues. It was also issued on VHS under the title "Donington Live 1992". Guitarist Adrian Smith joins the band on this version of "Running Free". The 1998 reissue of this album features different cover artwork. Instead of the original plain white cover with the band's logo in black, the reissue uses the original concert poster by Mark Wilkinson. Also, the track list was spread out differently, to make room for a multimedia section on disc 2. All songs written by Steve Harris except where noted. Production and performance credits are adapted from the album liner notes. </doc> <doc id="2341513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341513" title="Bec Cartwright (album)"> Bec Cartwright (album) Bec Cartwright is the first and only album by Australian actress/singer Bec Cartwright, released in Australia on 16 June 2003, by East West Records through Warner Music. Three singles were released from the album: "All Seats Taken", "On the Borderline" and "A Matter of Time" – all to top 30 success in Australia. </doc> <doc id="2341515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341515" title="John Nixon (mining engineer)"> John Nixon (mining engineer) John Nixon (10 May 1815 – 3 June 1899) was an English mining engineer and colliery proprietor and an influential figure in the development of the South Wales coalfield and export business. He was born at Barlow, Durham, the only son of a tenant farmer of that village. He was educated at the village school and at Dr. Bruce's academy at Newcastle-on-Tyne, famous as the training-place of many great engineers. Leaving school at the age of fourteen, Nixon was set to farmwork for a time, and shortly after was apprenticed to Joseph Gray of Garesfield, the Marquis of Bute's chief mining engineer. On the expiry of his indentures he became for two years overman at the Garesfield colliery. At the end of this time, in 1839, he undertook a survey of the underground workings of the Dowlais Company in South Wales. Some years later he accepted the appointment of mining engineer to an English company, working a coal and iron field at Languin near Nantes. He perceived, however, that the enterprise was destined to fail, and did not hesitate to inform his employers of his opinion. After labouring for some time to carry on a hopeless concern he returned to England. During his first visit to Wales, Nixon had been impressed by the natural advantages of Welsh coal for use in furnaces. On his return from France he found that it was beginning to be used by the Thames steamers. He perceived that there was a great opening for it on the Loire, where coal was already imported by sea. At the time, however, he was unable to obtain a supply with which to commence a trade. Lucy Thomas of the Graig colliery at Merthyr, who supplied the Thames steamers, was disinclined to extend her operations, and Nixon was compelled to return to the north of England. However, business again taking him to South Wales, he chartered a small vessel, took a cargo of hundreds of tons of coal to Nantes, and distributed it gratuitously among the sugar refineries, which had been using Newcastle coal. Its merits were quickly perceived; the French government definitely adopted it, including using it exclusively for the French Navy, and a demand was created among the manufactories and on the Loire. Returning to Wales he made arrangements for sinking a mine at Werfa to secure an adequate supply. After being on the point of failure from lack of capital he obtained assistance and achieved success, with the Navigation Colliery in Mountain Ash being completed in 1860, becoming the first true deep pit in South Wales. Continuing his operations in association with other enterprising men of the neighbourhood, he acquired and made many collieries in South Wales. By 1896, Nixon's Navigation Coal Co. Ltd. employed 1558 men, and in 1897 the output of the Nixon group was 1,250,000 tons a year. Nixon succeeded, after a long struggle, in inducing the railway companies of Great Britain to adopt Welsh coal for consumption in their locomotives. He had great difficulty also in persuading the Great Western Railway Company to patronise the coal traffic, which now forms so large a part of their goods business. Much of Nixon's success was due to his improvements in the art of mining. He introduced the 'long wall' system of working in place of the wasteful 'pillar and stall' system, and invented the machine known as 'Billy Fairplay' for measuring accurately the proportion between large coal and small, which is now in universal use. He also made improvements in ventilating and in winding machinery. He was one of the original movers in establishing the sliding-scale system, and one of the founders of the Monmouthshire and South Wales Coalowners' Association. He was for fifteen years chairman of the earlier South Wales Coal Association, and for many years represented Wales in the Mining Association of Great Britain. Nixon materially contributed to the growth of Cardiff by inducing leading persons in South Wales to petition the trustees of the Marquis of Bute in 1853 for increased dock accommodation, and by persuading the trustees, in spite of the objections of their engineer, Sir John Rennie, to increase the depth of the East Dock. He died in London, on 3 June 1899 at 117 Westbourne Terrace, Hyde Park, and was buried on 8 June in the Mountain Ash cemetery, Aberdare valley. </doc> <doc id="2341527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341527" title="International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature"> International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature The International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) is an organization dedicated to "achieving stability and sense in the scientific naming of animals". Founded in 1895, it currently comprises 27 members from 19 countries, mainly practicing zoological taxonomists. The ICZN is governed by the "Constitution of the ICZN", which is usually published together with the ICZN Code. Members are elected by the Section of Zoological Nomenclature, established by the International Union of Biological Sciences (IUBS). The regular term of service of a member of the Commission is 6 years. Members can be re-elected up to a total of three full six-year terms in a row. After 18 continuous years of elected service, a break of at least 3 years is prescribed before the member can stand again for election. Since 2014, the work of the Commission is supported by a small secretariat based at the National University of Singapore, in Singapore. Previously, the secretariat was based in London and funded by the International Trust for Zoological Nomenclature. The Commission assists the zoological community "through generation and dissemination of information on the correct use of the scientific names of animals". The ICZN publishes the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature (usually referred to as "the Code" or "the ICZN Code"), a widely accepted convention containing the rules for the formal scientific naming of all organisms that are treated as animals. New editions of the Code are elaborated by the Editorial Committee appointed by the Commission. The 4th edition of the Code (1999) was edited by seven people. The Commission also provides rulings on individual problems brought to its attention, as arbitration may be necessary in contentious cases, where strict adherence to the Code would interfere with stability of usage (e.g., see conserved name). These rulings are published in the Bulletin of Zoological Nomenclature. Starting in 2017, volumes 65 (2008) onwards of the "Bulletin" will be available online to subscribers in the BioOne journal database. </doc> <doc id="2341532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341532" title="Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort"> Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort Henry Charles Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort, KG (22 December 1766 – 23 November 1835), styled Marquess of Worcester until 1803, was a British politician. Somerset was the son of Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort. He was styled by the courtesy title Marquess of Worcester from his birth until his accession to the dukedom in 1803. He was educated at Westminster School, London and graduated from Trinity College, Oxford, on 28 June 1786 with a Master of Arts. Worcester was a Tory Member of Parliament (MP) for Monmouth between 1788 and 1790, for Bristol between 1790 and 1796, and for Gloucestershire between 1796 and 1803, when he succeeded to his father's seat in the House of Lords. He was Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire and Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire from 1803, and Lord Lieutenant of Gloucestershire from 1810, until his death in 1835. He bore the Queen's Crown for the coronation of William IV and Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, 8 September 1831. He became Constable of St Briavel's Castle and Warden of the Forest of Dean in 1812, and High Steward of Bristol in 1834; he held all these posts for the rest of his life. He was nominated and invested as a Knight of the Garter on 17 January 1805, and was installed on 23 April the same year; since no Knight had been installed since 1801, there were seven vacancies at the time. Worcester married Lady Charlotte Sophia Leveson-Gower (1771–1854), daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford, on 16 May 1791 at Lambeth Church, London. They had four sons and eight daughters: Beaufort died at Badminton House, Gloucestershire, and was buried there in St Michael and All Angels Church on 2 December 1835, shortly before his 69th birthday. </doc> <doc id="2341534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341534" title="Vincent Floissac"> Vincent Floissac Sir Vincent Frederick Floissac (July 31, 1928 – September 25, 2010) was a Saint Lucian jurist and politician. He was styled The Rt. Hon. Sir Vincent Floissac by virtue of his membership of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. Floissac was the first judge from St Lucia to sit with the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Floissac was born on St Lucia on and was educated at Saint Mary's College and University College London and was called to the Bar by Gray's Inn. Floissac was the first president of the Saint Lucian Senate in 1979 and served as the acting Governor-General of Saint Lucia from April 30, 1987 until October 10, 1988. He has also served as Chief Justice and President of the Court of Appeal of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court, working in that capacity from November 1991 to July 1996. In this role, Floissac was the supreme judicial officer of the courts of Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, the British Virgin Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. He later served as a member of the Seychellois Court of Appeal from 1988 to 1991. He has also represented Saint Lucia in several regional tennis competitions. Following a lengthy bout with cancer, Floissac died on September 25, 2010 at the age of 82. and is buried in Castries City Cemetery. </doc> <doc id="2341539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341539" title="Greg Lloyd Sr."> Greg Lloyd Sr. Gregory Lenard Lloyd Sr. (born May 26, 1965) is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was named to five Pro Bowls and three All-Pro teams. Lloyd attended Fort Valley State University, where he was a three time All-Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) selection, a three time team Defensive MVP, and as a senior, he was the SIAC Player of the Year, and a first team Sheridan All-American selection. He was also a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity. Lloyd was injured his first year (1987), and most of the 1988 season, but became a starter during the 1989 season at outside linebacker where he excelled. He became the emotional and fiery leader of the Steelers defense after the retirement of inside linebacker David Little. Lloyd teamed with cornerback Rod Woodson to give the Steelers two of the most dynamic and dominating defensive players in the game. Both Lloyd and Woodson were drafted in 1987 by then Steelers coach Chuck Noll. Lloyd remained the starter through the 1997 season, missing almost the entire 1996 season with a knee injury and several games in 1997 due to a staph infection. He was named to five Pro Bowls and 3 NFL All-Pro teams during this time. Lloyd left the Steelers in 1998 and played for the Carolina Panthers before retiring. A true leader and student of the game, Lloyd continued to impact the Steelers defense while injured from the sideline by teaching young linebackers Chad Brown and Jason Gildon the finer points of Steelers linebacking tradition. Lloyd has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do, which he currently teaches. He is also well known for using an expletive in a nationally televised interview with NBC's Jim Gray after Pittsburgh defeated the Indianapolis Colts in the 1995 AFC Championship. Lloyd's son Greg Lloyd Jr. was a linebacker for the University of Connecticut football team, and he wears #95 like his father, but the two do not have any contact with each other. The younger Lloyd was selected by the Philadelphia Eagles in the seventh round of the 2012 NFL Draft. In 2001, Lloyd was accused of sticking a gun in his son's mouth due to the 12-year old's bad grades in school, but two trials in 2004 ended in hung juries and a third was not pursued. In 2002, Lloyd pointed a gun at ex-wife Rhonda Lloyd's head, and he pleaded no contest to simple battery in 2004. On July 27th of 2018, Lloyd was arrested after he allegedly pulled a gun on his wife Stephanie and threatened to shoot her. He was charged with felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor pointing a gun at another person, charges to which he denies. </doc> <doc id="2341541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341541" title="Vice-President of the Executive Council"> Vice-President of the Executive Council The Vice-President of the Executive Council is the minister in the Government of Australia who acts as the presiding officer of meetings of the Federal Executive Council when the Governor-General is absent. Senator Mathias Cormann served as Vice-President of the Federal Executive Council from 20 December 2017 until 23 August 2018, due to criticism of the leadership of Malcolm Turnbull. Cormann was again appointed as Vice-President of the Federal Executive Council on 28 August 2018 in the Morrison Ministry. The Vice-President of the Executive Council is appointed by the Governor-General on the advice of the Prime Minister of Australia, and serves at the Governor-General's pleasure. The Vice-President is usually a senior minister in Cabinet, and may summon executive councillors and preside at council meetings when the Governor-General is not present. However, the Vice-President cannot sign Executive Council documents on behalf of the Governor-General. As the duties of the post are not rigorous, it is usually given to a Member of the Cabinet, and thus no additional salary or allowance is paid. In this sense, it is usually not a 'Minister without portfolio' such as the equivalent position, Lord President of the Council, is in the United Kingdom. The position has at times been held by persons who did not hold a Ministerial portfolio—such as Enid Lyons (1949–1951) in the Fourth Menzies Ministry and James Killen (1982–1983) in the Third Fraser Ministry. A small Department of the Vice-President of the Executive Council existed from 22 March to 31 May 1971, during the premiership of William McMahon. It was administered by Alan Hulme, who was also Postmaster-General. James Killen was controversially appointed to this office in 1982. He held no Ministerial portfolio, but was nevertheless considered a member of the Fraser Ministry by virtue only of this office. A small Department of the Vice-President of the Executive Council was recreated, which was administered by him. The appointment was controversial because it was seen as a sinecure given that he held no Ministerial portfolio, as the cabinet appointment entitled him to receive a ministerial salary. The Department was abolished in 1983 by incoming Prime Minister Bob Hawke. Prior to the creation of the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901, colonial and state governments also appointed a Vice-President of the Executive Council, and some have kept the title. The Colony of New South Wales was the first to appoint a Vice-President of the Executive Council (New South Wales), on 3 October 1856, in the Parker ministry of the first elected colonial government. The New South Wales government currently retains the title for a senior government minister, who since 30 January 2017 has been Don Harwin. The following individuals have been appointed as Vice-President of the Executive Council: </doc> <doc id="2341545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341545" title="Semi Joseph Begun"> Semi Joseph Begun Semi Joseph Begun (December 2, 1905 in Germany – January 5, 1995), usually referred to as S. Joseph Begun, was a German-American engineer and inventor. In 1943 Begun was Vice President of Research for Brush Development Company, Cleveland, Ohio. Brush’s main business was the production of piezoelectric phonograph pickups, the least expensive and most widely used pickup of the late 1930s. They also, however, produced in cooperation with Western Electric the magnetic tape sound recorders. These used hardened steel tape as the recording medium. Another product they manufactured were known as "wire recorders." These used stainless steel wire, with a composition similar to (or perhaps identical with) high carbon high chromium cutlery steel, which is ferromagnetic, as the recording medium. The recording head was a split ring, with the wire running in a groove in the head, quite similar to the heads used today. High frequency AC bias was used to linearize the recording. The ferritic stainless steel was quite strong. Diamond dies were required to draw it into wire. Dr. Begun obtained a contract from the National Defense Research Council to perform research and development on a substitute for the stainless steel wire. The work was justified by the military use of the recorders and the shortage of facilities for producing the diamond dies. Dr. Begun had two concepts in mind for a different recording medium. One was to find a means for coating a ductile nonmagnetic metal wire with a metallic magnetic coating. The other was to coat a non-metallic tape with a magnetic coating. He placed the work on wire in the Research Department of Brush Development Company, and contracted with Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus, Ohio, for work on the development of a coated non-metallic tape. </doc> <doc id="2341546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341546" title="Noetus"> Noetus Noetus, a presbyter of the church of Asia Minor about AD 230, was a native of Smyrna, where (or perhaps in Ephesus) he became a prominent representative of the particular type of Christology now called modalistic monarchianism or patripassianism. His views, which led to his excommunication from the Orthodox Church, are known chiefly through the writings of Hippolytus, his contemporary at Rome, where he settled and had a large following. He accepted the fourth Gospel, but regarded its statements about the Logos as allegorical. His disciple Cleomenes held that God is both invisible and visible; as visible He is the Son. The Catholic Encyclopedia notes: "It is true that it is easy to suppose Tertullian and Hippolytus to have misrepresented the opinions of their opponents". </doc> <doc id="2341552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341552" title="Joshua Radin"> Joshua Radin Joshua Radin (born June 14, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter. He has recorded seven studio albums, and his songs have been used in a number of films and TV series. His most successful album, "Simple Times", was released in 2008. Joshua Radin was born and raised in Shaker Heights, Ohio, to a Jewish family of Polish, German, Austrian, and Russian background. He studied drawing and painting at Northwestern University, following his college years with stints as an art teacher, screenwriter, and art gallery employee. Radin turned to music when he moved to New York City, his father bought him a guitar, and he taught himself to play and write music. In 2004, American actor Zach Braff introduced Radin's first composition, "Winter", to "Scrubs" show creator Bill Lawrence, who ultimately used several of Radin's songs in various scenes of the television series. According to Radin his musical career started in 2004, and he had learned to play the guitar only two years before that. His first song, "Winter", appeared on his debut album "We Were Here". Since that time, Radin has been touring the United States, as well as much of the United Kingdom and Europe. Over the course of his career, Radin has shared stages with artists such as Sheryl Crow, Tori Amos, Imogen Heap, Meiko, Missy Higgins, Maria Taylor, Gary Jules, Amber Rubarth, Schuyler Fisk, The Script and many more. In addition to his American following, Radin has enjoyed success with his 2008 release, "Simple Times" in the United Kingdom. His song "I'd Rather Be With You" reached #11 on the UK Singles Chart and number two on the US Top Digital Chart. Radin has said that much of the album was inspired by a bad break-up. It was released exclusively to iTunes for a month, before attracting attention from major labels. Released on Columbia Records in May 2006, "We Were Here" presented the first batch of songs Radin ever wrote. The album drew critical acclaim and received a four-star review from "Rolling Stone", who praised it for Radin's "whispery, silver-bell voice" and its themes, calling them "poignant and refreshingly frank." The record hit number one on the iTunes Folk Album Chart and included a number of well known musicians, including Ryan Adams who played guitar on the song "Lovely Tonight". Zach Braff hand-picked one of the tracks to be featured on the soundtrack for "The Last Kiss". Radin played the song "Today" from the album, along with five other songs, for Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi at their August 16, 2008, wedding. Radin's second album, "Simple Times" went straight to #1 on the iTunes overall chart upon its release. Radin enlisted highly regarded producer Rob Schnapf (Elliott Smith, Beck). The two spent seven weeks recording at L.A.'s legendary Sunset Sound Studio working with a cast of musicians that included guitarist Greg Leisz, bassist Johnny Flaugher, keyboardist Jason Borger, drummer Victor Indrizzo and percussionist Lenny Castro. Among the album's many highlights are "You Got Growin' Up To Do", featuring guest vocalist Patty Griffin, lead single "I'd Rather Be with You" and "Brand New Day". Tracks from the album were featured on TV shows such as "Bones", "Scrubs", "House", "Grey's Anatomy", "One Tree Hill", "Life Unexpected", "90210", "Brothers and Sisters", "American Idol" and Australian hit series "Packed to the Rafters" among others. Radin's "Simple Times" was released on Mom + Pop Music. Radin's third studio album, "The Rock and The Tide" was released on October 12, 2010 on Mom + Pop Music, his second release with the label. The album reached number five on the iTunes albums chart upon its release. "The Rock and The Tide" was produced by Martin Terefe (Cat Stevens, Ron Sexmith). A later EP released in 2011 used 6 of the album's tacks recorded in an acoustic session. On September 4, 2012, Radin released his fourth studio album, "Underwater". The album was Radin's third release with Mom + Pop Music. Radin wrote songs with Janet Devlin in the Autumn of 2012 for her debut album. Joshua Radin's fifth studio album "Wax Wings" was released May 7, 2013. "Wax Wings", a self-released album, has eleven tracks. Included on the album is the song "Lovely Tonight", which had been previously released on iTunes as a single. The tracks "In Her Eyes" and "Stay" were produced by Matt Noveskey. Joshua Radin's released a sixth studio album on January 6, 2015. The album consisted of 13 tracks, one of which was a re-release of the "Wax Wings" track "Beautiful Day" recorded with Sheryl Crow. Radin released a self-produced album titled "The Fall" on January 27, 2017 through Cadence Music. Joshua Radin became a favorite singer of the American TV host Ellen DeGeneres and he has appeared on several of her shows. DeGeneres invited Radin to sing his composition "Today", a favorite song of hers, at her wedding with Portia de Rossi. Radin also wrote the song "In Her Eyes" in celebration of his own sister's wedding. Radin has been involved with Little Kids Rock, a national nonprofit that provides music education to schools without music programs. Radin visited schools in six cities during his 2011 tour in support of "The Rock and the Tide" to give guitar lessons on the song "Brand New Day", and brought some of the students on stage at his concerts to perform the song with him. He did so again in 2015 for his song "Beautiful Day". Radin's songs have been used on television series such as "Scrubs", "Grey's Anatomy", "Brothers and Sisters", "American Idol", "Cougar Town", "One Tree Hill", "House", among others. Radin also made a cameo appearance in "Cougar Town"s 4th season finale. As of September 2010, he had amassed more than 75 film and television placements of his songs. </doc> <doc id="2341567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341567" title="Toon"> Toon Toon is a term popularized by the 1988 film "Who Framed Roger Rabbit"; it commonly refers to distinguish characters appearing in cartoons from regular humans. Related to this usage are: toon may also refer to: Father-and-son American football wide receivers: </doc> <doc id="2341569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341569" title="Viladecans"> Viladecans Viladecans () is a large town very close to Barcelona, Spain. It is located between Sant Boi de Llobregat and Sant Climent de Llobregat, and is on the coast of the Mediterranean Sea between El Prat de Llobregat and Gavà. Viladecans is basically a service town. It has a hospital, which serves the surrounding towns. Viladecans has 13 or 14 schools and 30 to 40 sport teams in football, basketball, baseball, softball, gymnastics and other sports. This is a table of Viladecans' population demography since 1900. </doc> <doc id="2341572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341572" title="Foochowese"> Foochowese Foochowese can refer to: </doc> <doc id="2341574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341574" title="Nisi prius"> Nisi prius Nisi prius () is a historical term in English law. In the nineteenth century, it came to be used to denote generally all legal actions tried before judges of the King's Bench Division and in the early twentieth century for actions tried at assize by a judge given a commission. Used in that way, the term has had no currency since the abolition of assizes in 1971. Before the reforms of the Judicature Act 1873, civil cases at common law were begun in one of the three courts that sat in Westminster Hall: the Court of Common Pleas, Court of Exchequer and King's Bench. Because of their historical origins, these courts were to some extent in competition, especially as their respective judges and officers lived on the fees deriving from them. Given that travel to London was an onerous burden during the medieval period, however, the Statute of Westminster II provided in 1285 for trial of fact in civil cases at the local assizes. "Nisi prius" translates as "if not sooner" or "if not before" in addition to "unless first": when the action was started in London, the sheriff was ordered to have the jurors there for trial on a certain day "unless before" ("nisi prius") that day the case was heard at assize in the claimant's county. After trial at the assizes, the case could be referred back to the original court, from where there was a possibility of further appeal to the Court of Exchequer Chamber. After the reform of the common law courts in 1873, actions were only said to be tried at "nisi prius", and a judge said to sit at "nisi prius", when he sat, usually in the King's Bench Division, for the trial of actions. By a resolution passed by the judges of the King's Bench Division in 1894 it was declared of the utmost importance that there should be at least three courts of "nisi prius" sitting continuously throughout the legal year: one for special jury causes, one for common jury causes, and one for causes without juries. Magna Carta and the Assize of Clarendon provided for the trial of serious criminal cases on circuit. The "nisi prius" record was, before the Judicature Acts, the name of the formal copy of proceedings showing the history of the case up to the time of trial. After the trial it was endorsed with the "postea", showing the result of the trial, and delivered by the officer of the court to the successful party, whose possession of the "postea" was his title to judgment. Since the Judicature Acts there is no "nisi prius" record in civil actions, the nearest approach to it being the deposit of copies of the statements of case for the use of the judge, and there is no "postea", the certificate of the associate or Master as to the result of the trial superseding it. "Nisi prius" is mentioned in the Gilbert and Sullivan comic opera "The Mikado", in the song "As Some Day it May Happen" in a list of items that "won't be missed": "And that "Nisi Prius" nuisance, who just now is rather rife, the judicial humorist—I've got him on the list!" </doc> <doc id="2341575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341575" title="Zenon Jankowski"> Zenon Jankowski Zenon Jankowski (born November 22, 1937 in Poznań, Poland) is a retired Polish pilot, colonel of the Polish Army and cosmonaut. Jankowski was selected as backup cosmonaut of the 1st Polish cosmonaut Mirosław Hermaszewski for the Soyuz 30 mission in 1978. He had one child. </doc> <doc id="2341579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341579" title="Oshin"> Oshin It was one of the country's most watched serials of all time and has aired in 68 other countries, with subtitles ranging from English to Arabic. In 1984, the earlier episodes of the drama (focused on young Oshin) were made into an animated movie by Sanrio. The movie reused Sugako Hashida's scripts, and Ayako Kobayashi, who played young Oshin, did Oshin's voiceover. "Oshin" is based on the fictional biography of a Japanese woman, modeled after the mother of Kazuo Wada, a Japanese businessman who created Yaohan, a Japanese supermarket chain. The structure of the story was developed through a collection of anonymous letters assembled by . "It is the untellable past of a woman of the Meiji period, composed right on her deathbed," Hashida said. "I felt that the telling of her hardships while serving as an apprentice and being sold at a brothel was an obligation our generation needed to honor. However, the themes were so harsh and dark that the show was rejected by every [Japanese] television network. Even NHK opposed it.” Hashida said she was told "We can't confront Meiji issues." It was settled when then-station director gave his approval. The story starts in 1983. Instead of attending the opening festivities of the 17th store, Shin Tanokura (Oshin) decides to go on a train trip. Her family is in a frenzy, not knowing where she disappeared to. Oshin's grandson, Kei, remembers the story of the kokeshi doll she once told him. Based on a hunch thinking about the story, he goes on a trip of his own and finds Oshin. From there, the two of them begin a journey back in time, traveling through various parts of Japan including where she once lived years earlier, and starts remembering the difficult times that she faced in her life. In 1907, seven-year-old Oshin is sent off by her father to work as a babysitter to support her family. Her boss was a timber trader, and despite the physical and verbal abuse from the chief servant at his household, Oshin insisted on enduring it for the sake of her family. A sympathetic local teacher persuades the trader to allow Oshin to attend elementary school and bring the baby along. However, Oshin's classmates bully her and threaten to harm the baby. Oshin reluctantly stops going to school. However, when she is unjustly accused by the family of stealing money, she runs away, and for days suffers through blizzards as she walks back home to be with her mother, nearly freezing to death. Oshin is rescued by a man named Shunsaku, an Imperial Japanese Army soldier-turned-deserter, and a self-described "hunter". She stays with him during the long winter until the snow melts. She furthers her reading and writing skills under Shunsaku. When the blizzard subsides, they are found by an army unit, and Shunsaku is shot dead. Oshin is then escorted by the soldiers to a hut and interrogated about Shunsaku. A senior soldier then comes into the hut and tells Oshin that the unit will escort her home. However, Oshin declines the offer, mentioning that she knows the way, and walks to Yamagata on her own. Upon her return, Oshin is once again sent out to work as a babysitter, this time to Kaga-ya in Sakata. Things do not start well because of Oshin's association with the deserter, Shunsaku. She also clashes with Kayo, the family's eldest daughter and designated heir, who is the same age as her. But the matriarch and owner of Kaga-ya, Mrs. Yashiro, views Oshin as a role model to make Kayo more sensible and less like a spoilt child. Kayo resents this but they eventually become good friends. Mrs. Yashiro sees the potential in Oshin and personally trains her in reading, writing and arithmetic using the abacus. Kayo's mother is unhappy with the attention Oshin receives, feeling that it is socially out of place for a servant. However, she accepts Oshin into the family when Oshin saves Kayo from a falling electricity pole. Oshin stays at Kaga-ya for eight years until she turns 16. During this time, she is loved by everyone, including her co-workers. In the interim, Oshin's beloved grandmother dies and the kind Mrs. Yashiro sends Oshin back home in time to spend the last moments with her dying grandmother. Her death steels Oshin's resolve to make something out of her life and to no longer be poor. One day, a mysterious man, Kota Takakura, visits Sakata. While Oshin is looking for Kayo, who was at the beach, Kota uses Oshin as a foil, as his girlfriend, to elude the police. Kayo and Oshin's lives are changed by this man, the son of a wealthy landowner and an idealist, who is a strong follower of socialism and wants to better the lives of the indebted sharecroppers through political agitation and land reforms. Kota reveals to Oshin his political mobilization efforts and wins her over with his idealism and passion. Unfortunately, both Kayo and Oshin fall in love with Kota, and while Kota does not reciprocate Kayo's love, feeling that it is simply an infatuation as he feels something special with Oshin. In the meantime, Mrs. Yashiro trains Oshin in the tea ceremony and other feminine arts to boost her chances of marrying well. She attempts to set Oshin up with the second son of a wealthy Sakata family. But the match falls through because of Oshin's secret love for Kota. Kayo, who has grown up to be passionate about painting and literature, has no interest to take over Kaga-ya, nor in the feminine arts to improve her marriage prospects. She believes in marrying the man she loves. A rebellious Kayo leaves home on the day she was supposed to meet her prospective husband, fleeing to Tokyo with a reluctant Kota. Heartbroken and feeling troubled by Kayo's decision to run away from home, and unable to reveal the truth to the Kaga family about Kota, a guilt-stricken Oshin decides to leave Kaga-ya and return home. Upon returning, Oshin is re-united with her older sister, Haru, who was sent home from the textile mill where she had contracted tuberculosis. Haru's last wish is to see her secret love, her former supervisor, Hirano, who is persuaded to visit her. While visiting, Hirano reveals the poor working conditions at the textile mill and his failure to improve the workers' welfare for fear of losing his job. In the meantime, Oshin discovers that her father wants her to work as a barmaid to supplement the family's income. Haru warns Oshin that the agent touting the job had previously conned her fellow textile workers into prostitution. Haru persuades Oshin to run off to Tokyo, giving her a name and address in Tokyo and some money. Haru dies at the age of 19 in 1916. Oshin's mother, who had also returned home to take care of Haru, supports Oshin in her decision to go to Tokyo. Following her sister's death, Oshin runs off to Tokyo to follow Haru's dream of becoming a hairdresser. Oshin trains under Isho in traditional Japanese hairstyling. Two years into the apprenticeship, Oshin receives a letter from her mother informing her of the sudden death of Sayo, the younger sister of Kayo, from pneumonia. Oshin had also been her babysitter at Kaga-ya in Sakata. Oshin takes leave to visit the grieving family in Sakata. She is told that Kayo had not returned home and was somewhere in Tokyo. Kayo's mother pleads with her to stay behind but Oshin is unable to do so. Oshin is still hurting emotionally from the time Kayo and Kota left Sakata two years earlier. A year later, Oshin bumps into Kayo at a coffee house in the Ginza district while visiting prospective clients on a house call. Kayo had been working as a waitress at an upscale Ginza coffee house. Due to his agitation work, Kota was not usually around. Upon learning about Sayo's death, Kayo decides to visit her family in Sakata, staying there for a month. In the meantime, Mrs. Yashiro arranges Kayo's marriage with the third son of an Osaka rice dealer, Masao, a graduate of the Tokyo Imperial University (present-day University of Tokyo), who is prepared to marry into the family to help the family business succeed. Kayo wants to leave for Tokyo to be present for Kota's return. But Mrs. Yashiro collapses from a heart attack, so Kayo reluctantly stays behind. She telephones Oshin to inform her when Kota returns to Tokyo. Oshin meets Kota when visiting Kayo's rented room to clean it. He tells Oshin not to let Kayo know that he is back in Tokyo and tells Oshin that he does not love Kayo, and that he had only used her to fill the emotional void left behind when he was not able to be with Oshin. Oshin leaves for Sakata to attend Kayo's wedding. She does not update Kayo with news about Kota for the sake of Kagaya's future. Through Kayo, Oshin meets Ryuzo Tanokura, a seemingly rich textile trader who frequents the Ginza coffee house. The third son of a prominent Saga family, Ryuzo decided to leave home for Tokyo to strike out on his own. Seven years Oshin's senior, Ryuzo falls in love with her, and the two get married despite initial opposition from both their parents. Ryuzo's business begins to go downhill due to the post-war depression and his lack of business acumen. Oshin's attempts to improve business practices are badly received by Ryuzo who believes that business is a man's world. To supplement the family income, Oshin decides to return to work for Isho with Ryuzo's reluctant approval as married women did not usually work. As she increasingly takes on the role of breadwinner, Ryuzo feels undermined as he believes that it is the man's job to look after the family. He becomes increasingly despondent and indolent, and turns to alcohol and women, while Oshin turns a blind eye because of her love for him. After a confrontation during which Ryuzo makes clear his bitterness, Oshin realises that her working to supporting the family had wounded his pride. She decides that it would be better for Ryuzo if she were to leave him. However, Oshin then discovers that she is pregnant. She decides to quit hairdressing in order to save her marriage. But with the loss of her income, the household comes to the brink of starvation before Ryuzo realises that he cannot let his pride get in the way of supporting his family. He borrows money to tide them over, and they start to think of a new business venture. Realising they need capital to start a new business, Oshin persuades Ryuzo to allow her to try selling their cloth at a night market. After a rocky start, she manages to sell all their stock within 10 days. They decide to use the proceeds to start a new business selling Western-style children's clothes designed by Oshin. Due to lacklustre business, Ryuzo arranges to sell their products at Onoya, a large local shop. The affordable clothes are sold out at Onoya on the first day, and Ryuzo begins to expand production despite Oshin's misgivings. With Oshin's baby arriving soon, Ryuzo arranges for her mother to visit. Oshin gives birth to a healthy baby boy whom they name Yu ("courageous"). After Oshin's mother leaves, Ryuzo's father also pays a visit to see the baby. The couple learns that Ryuzo's mother still refuses to accept Oshin. Ryuzo decides to borrow large sums of money to buy a plot of land and build a large factory, convinced that a successful business will prove his worth even as a third son and persuade his mother to accept their marriage. One day, they receive an unexpected visit from Kayo who says she has come to see the baby. However she soon reveals that she wishes to run away from her unhappy marriage in Sakata and find Kota, whom she has learned is at his parents' house in Tokyo. Kota agrees to meet with Kayo who expresses her desire to be with him. However Kota tells her that the only reason he met with her was to apologise for the way that he had left her. With his continued involvement in the workers' movement, he was not in a position to have a relationship. Kayo finally realises what a fool she has been all these years and that Oshin was the one Kota had loved. Kayo resolves to return to Sakata and bear an heir to carry on the family business. After months of building work and preparation, it is finally the day of the grand opening of the new factory. However disaster strikes, and the Great Kantō earthquake and subsequent fire destroy their factory and house. Their faithful retainer Genji dies protecting Yu, who survives unscathed. With only shattered dreams and debts, Ryuzo decides that they have no choice but to return to his family in Saga. Oshin is fearful of the treatment she will receive at the hands of her mother-in-law and urges Ryuzo to try once again to build their lives in Tokyo. But after so much disappointment, Ryuzo no longer has the will to try again. Although Oshin wants to stay on in Tokyo with Yu, her mother (whom the Kagayas have sent to Tokyo to find Oshin) persuades her to stay together with Ryuzo for the sake of their son. Upon their arrival in Saga, they are greeted warmly by Ryuzo's father, who is overjoyed that they are unharmed. But Oshin receives a barrage of criticism from Ryuzo's mother Kiyo, who blames her for all the disasters that have befallen Ryuzo, including Genji's death. Ryuzo's eldest brother makes it clear that Ryuzo will not receive another penny from the family since he took his share of the inheritance when he left home. Kiyo informs them that they will have to work the fields to earn their keep - the very life that Oshin thought she had escaped when she left home. Kiyo is controlling and domineering, criticising Oshin at every turn while chiding Ryuzo for not taking charge of his wife. As Ryuzo and Oshin have no money, they are unable to purchase even simple items like soap, needles and thread. Oshin is keen to offer her services as a hairdresser to the villagers, but Ryuzo and Kiyo refuse to allow this as it would bring disgrace to the family. Ryuzo asks Kiyo for money, but she scolds Oshin for complaining to Ryuzo, leading to marital discord between the couple. Oshin wants to leave and go to the nearby town or back to Tokyo, but Ryuzo will not hear of it as he is worried about how they will support themselves without any money. He decides to join a scheme to reclaim land from the sea, which he will own after 10 years. Oshin is concerned about such a high-risk endeavour but Ryuzo presses ahead nonetheless. While Oshin continues to be bullied by the household, Ryuzo becomes fed up with Oshin's complaining and begins to side with his mother. He even moves to a separate room, much to Kiyo's delight, who encourages him to divorce Oshin. One day Oshin receives a letter from Isho who has returned to Tokyo after the earthquake and will be opening another hairdressing shop in a few months. Oshin decides to join her in Tokyo when the time comes. As she plans her escape, Oshin discovers she is pregnant with their second child. On the day that she is due to catch a train to Tokyo, Ryuzo finds out and intercepts her. When he is unable to persuade her to stay, he struggles with her to take their son from her. Oshin falls and hits her head, paralysing her right side. She has no choice but to return to Ryuzo's home. The partial paralysis in Oshin's hand renders her unable to cook, sew or look after Yu, who is now cared for by Kiyo. As the visible injury was to her head, not her hand, the family including Ryuzo begins to think that Oshin is feigning the injury. Aware that she is a burden to the family, Oshin cannot bring herself to tell anyone that she is pregnant. However Ryuzo finds out that she is pregnant, which brings them closer together once more. Unfortunately, Kiyo learns that Oshin had planned to run away and wants to throw her out of the house. Ryuzo reveals that Oshin is pregnant and that she must therefore stay with the family. But Kiyo believes it will be inauspicious for Oshin and her own daughter Atsuko, who is also pregnant, to give birth in the same house at the same time - it is said that one of the births will not go well. Oshin agrees to move into the shed, which Kiyo hopes will prevent the superstition from coming true. After a difficult labour, Atsuko delivers a healthy baby. Oshin goes into labour at the same time, but the malnutrition and forced labour have taken their toll - Oshin's baby is too weak to survive. With this latest calamity, Oshin's mind becomes unhinged. As Atsuko does not have enough milk for her baby, Kiyo asks Ryuzo to let Oshin breastfeed the baby. While he is initially taken aback by the idea, he agrees thinking that it might comfort and restore Oshin's mind. After feeding the baby, Oshin comes back to her senses and agrees to continue feeding the baby. Kiyo is immensely touched and grateful and promises to treat Oshin better. After a month, Atsuko returns home with the baby. Unbeknownst to the family, Oshin had already decided to leave the household as she realised that she would have to work the fields for the rest of here life in Saga and would never amount to anything. Now that her duty is done, she informs the family that she will be leaving for Tokyo. Ryuzo agrees to let her leave as a sign of love and they part believing that they will be together again one day. Ryuzo's father and eldest brother give her some money to help her in Tokyo. However Kiyo is furious and refuses to let her take Yu with her. While preparing to leave the next morning, Oshin's sister-in-law tells her that she will bring Yu to her. As Kiyo refuses to hand over Yu, Oshin has no choice but to trust her sister-in-law. She turns out to be true to her word and stole Yu while Kiyo is out and Oshin leaves for Tokyo with Yu. Oshin is warmly welcomed by Isho in Tokyo. But Oshin discovers that her hand is still not recovered enough for her to resume hairdressing. Ken helps her to set up a food stall at a night market and rent her own house. All seems well until one day a woman bursts into Oshin's house when Ken is there. She turns out to be Ken's partner and accuses Ken of having an affair with Oshin and spending all his money on her. Ken admits that he is in love with Oshin, but says he has done nothing wrong. Oshin is shocked and saddened to learn that she has been the cause of another woman's grief, and uncomfortable about Ken's feelings for her. She worries that rumours may reach Ryuzo in Saga. Despite Isho's entreaties for Oshin to stay with her, Oshin cannot bring herself to be a burden to Isho, and decides to give up the stall and return to her family home in Yamagata. Oshin's mother is overjoyed to see Oshin after 4 years, but her brother's reception is cold when he realises she intends to stay. They do not have enough food for her and Yu. Oshin's mother's attempts to protect Oshin widen the rift with her brother and his wife. Oshin manages to find work helping other farmers. One day, Oshin is informed that the madam at Kagaya is seriously ill and unlikely to recover. Oshin visits the Kagayas in time to bid the madam a final farewell. Kayo's husband comes to offer incense, but Kayo wants him sent away as she is unable to forgive him for having a child with another woman. Oshin convinces Kayo to give Masao one more chance as Kagaya needs an heir. Plans are made for Masao to move back into the Kagaya household. When Kayo learns of Oshin's situation, she persuades Oshin to stay in Sakata and open a shop. Oshin decides to open a simple eatery, with a loan from the Kagayas. Oshin's eatery has no customers on its first day. After advertising for 3 days, the eatery begins to do well. As Kayo's father and husband have now taken over the business, Kayo decides to help out at Oshin's eatery. Kayo is surprised and touched when Masao agrees to let her do so. One evening a drunk customer comes to the eatery demanding sake. Oshin informs him that she does not serve sake and asks him to leave. The customer becomes increasingly belligerent until Kayo finally brings him sake, telling Oshin that they will be able to make more profit this way. Oshin is reluctant as she did not want the eatery turning into a bar. Eventually the local yakuza turn up at the eatery to stop Oshin from selling sake as her low prices are hurting the business of other bars. As they begin to destroy the shop, Kayo is terrified and tells the yakuza they will comply, but Oshin is utterly adamant that she will not give in to them. Insisting that they take the matter outside, the yakuza are surprised when Oshin gives the formal yakuza greeting of Ken's house in Tokyo. Soon, they are all enjoying warm sake in Oshin's eatery, where the local yakuza express their admiration for Oshin, calling her sister and promising their protection. Oshin confesses to Kayo later that in fact she is not part of Ken's yakuza house, but had learnt the greeting from him. Oshin's eatery is now doing well enough to support Ryuzo, Oshin and Yu. Oshin has been writing to Ryuzo regularly for a year but has never received a reply. Little does she know that Ryuzo's mother Kiyo has been intercepting Oshin's letters, so Ryuzo does not even know where Oshin lives. Oshin decides to write to Ryuzo one last time. If he does not reply, she will give up on him. One evening, Kota comes to Oshin's eatery, not realising that it is run by Oshin. Kayo, who has now gotten over her infatuation for him, tells Kota that Oshin and Yu have been abandoned by Ryuzo. Kota tells Oshin that the labour movement is now legitimate and he no longer needs to hide from the police. He offers to become a father to Yu. But all too soon, the government cracks down on the labour movement, making it once again difficult for Kota to have a family. Oshin tells Kota that just hearing his words of love have erased the years of bitterness from her heart. Kota tells Oshin that although they will not marry, he will always look after them. Oshin says this is enough for her. Kota says he will write to Ryuzo to make his intentions known. Back in Saga, in a bid to persuade Ryuzo to give up on Oshin and remarry, Kiyo shows him Kota's letter, in which he mentions that Oshin sent Ryuzo many letters but did not receive a reply. Kiyo says that Oshin must have been lying to Kota to make herself look good. Unable to bear the deceit any longer, Ryuzo's sister-in-law finally shows Ryuzo a stack of Oshin's letters that Kiyo had intercepted but which she had saved. Ryuzo tells his mother to give up on the idea of his remarriage. Oshin is his wife and once he reclaims the land, he will ask Oshin to return. In the meantime it is better that she continues to work in Sakata rather than suffering in Saga. If they are faithful to each other, they will be together again one day. Ryuzo writes to Oshin and sends her some money. Oshin is overjoyed to finally receive a letter from Ryuzo. However Kota is astonished that Ryuzo is staying in Saga instead of coming to Sakata. But Oshin understands that Ryuzo has his male pride – he wants to succeed at the land reclamation. Also, Oshin knows that Ryuzo would not like running an eatery. One evening, two drunken customers get into a knife fight in the eatery. Kota wants to intervene but Oshin says she will handle it as they are her customers. Not only does she manage to persuade them to take the fight outside, she even gets them to pay their bills. Watching Oshin scrabble on the floor picking up money and crockery, and fending off the advances of drunken customers, Kota becomes increasingly worried. He points out that if Ryuzo does not like running an eatery, things could be difficult if he were to come to Sakata. Kota advises Oshin to consider a different trade. Kota arranges for Oshin to stay with his aunt in Ise and sell fish instead. Oshin soon picks up the trade and gains customers with her low prices and resourcefulness. She dreams that one day Ryuzo will join her and Yu in Ise. One evening, a typhoon hits Japan, washing away the land in Saga that Ryuzo had been painstakingly reclaiming for the past 4 years. With his dreams shattered once more, Ryuzo leaves Saga to forge a new life. As Oshin sets off to sell fish one morning, she sees a familiar figure some distance away – it is Ryuzo. When she catches up to him, he reveals that he is on his way to Manchuria, where he has friends, to start again. He had planned to come to Ise to divorce Oshin but when he saw her and Yu, he was unable to do so. He tells her to wait for him. As he turns to leave once more, he sees Yu and they have a tearful reunion. On the morning that Ryuzo is due to leave for Manchuria, he helps her push her cart to town and Oshin bids him goodbye. However, struck by the heaviness of the cart which Oshin pushes for 7 miles a day, Ryuzo decides to follow her to see what her life selling fish is like. When he sees how hard she has to work, he decides that he has no choice but to stay to help her. Oshin is overjoyed to be together as a family once more. With help from Oshin's landlady, the couple start a fish shop in town. Ryuzo begins to learn about fish and how to prepare and cook it. Oshin writes to Saga to update Ryuzo's parents on his whereabouts. Kiyo is furious and asks her husband to go to Ise to retrieve Ryuzo, but he tells Kiyo that she must never separate them again. Kiyo finally realises that Ryuzo's love for his wife is greater than his love for his mother. She sends Ryuzo his possessions, along with a letter encouraging to make a new life in Ise with Oshin. Oshin is overjoyed that Kiyo has finally forgiven her, and is determined to make the shop a success so that Ryuzo's parents can visit one day. Oshin's mother is getting older and weaker, and is unable to do much work in the fields. Her son and daughter-in-law begin to resent having a useless mouth to feed. When Oshin writes inviting her mother to visit them in Ise, Oshin's brother is keen for his mother to stay with Oshin permanently. Just as Oshin and Ryuzo are wondering how to persuade her mother to stay with them, Oshin discovers that she is pregnant for the third time. Oshin's mother is worried about being a burden as she is no longer strong enough to work. But Ryuzo's and Oshin's heartfelt entreaties convince her to stay, at least until Oshin delivers the baby. Oshin is also delighted to learn that after 10 years of marriage, Kayo is finally pregnant with the Kagaya heir. Oshin gives birth to a healthy baby boy, Hitoshi ("benevolence"). However, minutes after the birth, Oshin's mother collapses. They discover that she has leukaemia, which is incurable. To fulfil her mother's last wish, Oshin brings her home to Yamagata, carrying her on her back as Oshin's mother is too weak by now to walk. Oshin's mother dies in Oshin's arms in her own home. Oshin learns that Kayo's husband Masao has committed suicide. Kota appears asking Oshin to bring 100 yen to Kayo who is living in Tokyo. When Ryuzo sees the address, he tells Oshin that before the earthquake, this was a bad neighbourhood with many brothels. Oshin is adamant that Kayo would never turn to prostitution no matter how bad things became. But Ryuzo warns Oshin to prepare herself for the worst. Oshin enlists Ken's help to find Kayo in Tokyo's red-light district. Now a prostitute, a broken and dissipated Kayo reveals that Masao had gambled Kagaya's entire fortune away on rice derivatives that went awry. She and her parents had come to Tokyo but her mother fell ill after her father died, so Kayo had sold herself into prostitution to pay for her mother's medical bills. Unable to even bring their bones back to Sakata for a proper burial, Kayo now lives for her son Nozomi. Unable to raise the 1,000 yen required to buy Kayo out of prostitution, Oshin is determined to at least bring Nozomi to Ise. But when she and Ken return to the brothel the following morning, they discover that Kayo has died. She had a weak stomach but drank a large amount of sake the night before and vomited blood, eventually choking to death. Oshin finds a letter from Kayo among her belongings. Kayo knew she did not have long to live, but after meeting Oshin again, she knew that she could entrust Nozomi to Oshin's care. Oshin swears that from that day on, she will regard Nozomi as her own son. Oshin brings Nozomi back to Ise, and to a supportive Ryuzo. They bury the bones of Kayo and her parents in Ise so that Nozomi can visit them; he can bring them to Sakata one day if he chooses. One day Kota comes to Ise. He asks Oshin for the location of Kayo's grave so that he can pay his respects in the morning. Oshin says she will meet him there so that he can see Nozomi but he tells her not in case he is followed by the police. The next morning, Oshin waits for him at the grave with Nozomi and Hitoshi, but when Kota arrives he is captured by the special police who accuse him of planning to escape to Moscow. The police allow Kota to light incense for Kayo before they take him away. Kota pretends that he does not know Oshin to protect her, but Oshin is devastated to see Kota being taken away. 4 years later, Ken visits Ise on his way to Osaka. He is accompanied by Hatsuko, a 9-year-old girl from Yamagata whom he intends to sell to a brothel in Osaka as a cleaning girl. Ken is related to her parents – tenant farmers who had a bad harvest this year and had no other choice but to try to sell their daughter for 50 yen. Hatsuko's hard fate and cheerful resourcefulness remind Oshin of herself when she was a girl, and of Ai, the baby girl Oshin had lost who would be the same age as Hatsuko had she lived. The couple decide to take Hatsuko in, paying Ken the 50 yen. Ryuzo and Oshin treat Hatsuko as part of the family, even arranging for her to continue her education. Hatsuko grows closer to Oshin's sons. Soon, Yu is about to take an important examination. Yu tells Hatsuko that he must pass the examination because his mother has always worked so hard to look after him. The night before the examination, Oshin and Ryuzo are awakened by the sound of running water. When they go into the courtyard, they discover Hatsuko pouring cold water on herself while praying for Yu to pass his examination, a village superstition. The family is touched by her sincere, if foolish, actions. The day before Hitoshi and Nozomi start school, Oshin decides to tell Nozomi that he is adopted and that his birth parents are the Yashiros. She takes him to visit his parents' grave. Nozomi seems to takes the revelation well, but on his first day at school he is bullied for being an orphan and runs away from home. The family search all day and night for Nozomi, and a devastated Oshin ends up at Kayo's grave, where she finds Nozomi. When she sees him, she slaps him for not being strong enough to face up to the bullies. She tells Nozomi that life will be full of difficulties. He promises to go back to school, and Oshin tells him again that the whole family sees him as one of them. Oshin brings Nozomi home where he is warmly welcomed be everyone. Oshin discovers that she is pregnant once more. Ryuzo is delighted, but concerned about making ends meet, he suggests sending Hatsuko back when her 3-year contract is over and she has graduated from junior high school. In any case Hatsuko's parents must be waiting for her. Oshin is reluctant to let Hatsuko go and feels that they should let her decide for herself when the time comes. Oshin gives birth to a healthy girl whom they name Tei ("happiness"). Having reached the end of her contract, Hatsuko feels that she should go home because otherwise she will be a burden to the family with the addition of the baby. But when Ryuzo and Oshin realise that Hatsuko would in fact prefer to stay, they joyfully welcome her to the family. Japan begins to enter a period of military rule. Ryuzo gets involved with the military to raise more money along with the fish shop, something Oshin opposes but relents when she puts his interests at heart and decided that they need the financial support. Due to the military propaganda during this time period, Yu begins to side with the military and support the Sino-Japanese Wars. When Yu began to apply for high school, he asked Ryuzo for permission to join the Military Officers Academy, where students are taught to become a military officer to fight the war. Oshin overhears the conversation and intervenes just when Ryuzo approves. Due to Oshin's convictions of pacifism, Oshin gets desperate to keep Yu from applying. When Yu remains firm on his decision to apply, Hatsuko reminds him that Oshin doesn't want him to fight since she has gone through adversity with him when he was still a child. To humor Oshin, Yu decides to apply to a school in Kyoto to study Humanities instead of applying to the Military Officers Academy. As 1940 arrives, food rationing is on the rise to support the war effort. This was also the time when the black market surfaced to sell rationed goods. When the black market began to sell illegal imports of fish, Oshin is forced to close down the store to prevent trouble. Hisa moves to Tokyo due to the lack of fishermen and rations. Subsequently, Oshin's family moves to a new house that was previously owned by a man working with the military, who relocated in Pyongyang. When Yu came by to visit, Yu and Hatsuko profess their love for each other, something that Ryuzo opposes. Ryuzo also gets involved in the military committee, where he encourages boys in the area to enlist, and begins to manage a uniforms factory. Life continues as usual until Yu visits again in 1943. Yu reveals to Ryuzo that student-exemptions for military drafts have been lifted, and later he breaks the news to Oshin that he must enlist within one month. A shocked Oshin begins to cry in front of Yu and feels like she betrayed Shunsaku, the military deserter who instilled pacifism in her as a child. After one month, Yu leaves in uniform. As air raids began to be feared, Ryuzo mulls whether to send Tei to the countryside where she won't be affected by the air raids. Ryuzo sends her to a home of one of his factory workers where Tei gets mistreated and neglected. As Japan begins to lose, Yu's regiment is sent to the Philippines, where he would be safer due to the air raids in Japan. Hitoshi begins to support the war effort and declares that he wants to join the kamikaze squad, something both Oshin and Ryuzo oppose. However, Hitoshi sneaks out and joins the kamikaze. Oshin's family begins to experience their first air raid and her first priority is to keep the house from burning down instead of evacuating into a bomb shelter. Before the bombs ignite into flames, Nozomi and Hatsuko get containers of water ready and diligently fight the fire but see that the factories they manage are burning down. After the air raid, Oshin receives a telegram stating Yu has died in the Philippines. Oshin refuses to believe until she has seen his body, and been informed by his best friend, who confessed Yu had malaria. Soon, Japan surrenders to the Allies in 1945. However, Ryuzo soon finds out that his company is completely out of money. Feeling scared, disappointed, and angered that he betrayed Oshin, he is found on a mountain by a commoner, having killed himself, in spite of knowing Oshin and his family needed him. Oshin was now a widow, and had lost two members of her family because of the war. Hatsuko, not being able to handle everything, leaves to Tokyo, to work at a rice store. After being arrested for selling food on the street to earn money for her remaining family, Oshin gets kicked out of her house by an angry landlord. This entire war motivated Oshin to work as hard as she can, for her family's sake at least. A decade after the war, Oshin is now 50 years old, and owns a seafood and vegetable market with Hitoshi. Ken visits Oshin, telling her she must visit Tokyo as soon as she can. Hatsuko lied when she said she worked at a rice shop. She really works at a brothel, greeting soldiers every night. This was supposedly her rebound from Yu. Oshin finds her in the brothel, asks Ken to drag her out, and slaps her. Oshin manages to convince Hatsuko to return home with her and to forget everything that had happened in Tokyo. Shortly afterwards, they hire a sweet girl named Yuri to work with them, as they drop by people's houses and deliver their food. Hitoshi has decided that he wants to become a businessman and make a living from there. He also tells Yuri that one day, he and Yuri will get married. Few months later, Hitoshi leave to Tokyo to work as a clerk only to know that he can get a job as a delivery man without the college education. He drifted in Tokyo for several months and returned home. He met his future wife, Michiko, a daughter of a rich businessman. Later Yuri learned about it and run away from home. Oshin is very upset of Hitoshi and opposed to the marriage of Hitoshi and Michiko. In Japan, the annual average audience share was 52.6%, with a peak rating of 62.9% for a single episode. Oshin served as a symbolic figure for perseverance, showing that a person should never give up – even in the most trying times. She was loved not only by the Japanese, but also by people from all over the world. "Oshin" enjoyed popularity when broadcast in Asian countries. Singapore was the first country in Asia and the world to broadcast the drama outside Japan. The drama was broadcast three times due to popularity. First being broadcast in Mandarin on MediaCorp Channel 8 in November 1984, it was aired again on the same channel the following year. The drama was dubbed into English and broadcast on MediaCorp Channel 5 later in 1994. The drama enjoyed popularity in numerous Asian countries such as Thailand (1984), Hong Kong (1984), China (1985), Malaysia (1986), Indonesia (1986), Sri Lanka (1987), Pakistan (1991), Nepal (1992), India (1992), Vietnam (1993), Myanmar (1994) and Taiwan (1994) to name a few. "Oshin" also enjoyed immense popularity in the Middle East where it was broadcast in countries such as Iran (1986), Jordan (1987), Morocco (1988), Bahrain (1989) Syria (1990), Lebanon (1991) and Egypt (1992). In Latin America, Oshin was broadcast in Mexico (1988), Puerto Rico (1989), Dominican Republic (1989), Cuba (1990), Brazil (1990), Venezuela (1991), Peru (1992), Bolivia (1992), Argentina (1992), Chile (1993), Paraguay (1993) and Colombia (1998). Even today, is given warm reception when she visits such countries. In Vietnamese, the term "ô-sin" became a synonym (sometimes with scorn) for domestic worker. Oshin was also translated and distributed in Iran, where the serial was one of the rare films broadcast during the Iran–Iraq War. In February 2017, Ayako Kobayashi visited Sri Lanka, where the drama enjoyed immense popularity during the late 1980s, for the "Japan Expo Premier Sri Lanka 2017". In October 2013, a feature film based on the series was screened in cinemas across Japan. The film focuses on Oshin's childhood. In Japan, many references to Oshin were made when describing perseverance in the 1980s. For example, sumo wrestler Takanosato was given the name "Oshin Yokozuna", as he fought his way up to the rank of yokozuna, despite dealing with diabetes. Other terms were used during the 1980s, such as "Oshin Diet", where residents were dealing with the bubble economy and therefore were driven to eating radish and rice. A famous cruise line down the Mogami River was renamed the "Oshin Line". The comedy manga "Ouran High School Host Club" by Bisco Hatori has Tamaki Suou, leader of the club at the academy for the idle rich, refer to Haruhi Fujioka, the newcomer girl dressed as a boy as "Oshin", someone "sold to a mean master who'd overwork you and leave you crying into your pillow night after night." He also asks if Haruhi subsisted "on rice and horseradish." Haruhi is a poor but diligent student attending on scholarship. In Vietnam, ever since the broadcast of the series, the term Oshin (ô sin) has been widely used to call a maid. As a homage to Ryozu's trade, second-hand clothing stores in Iran are called "Tanakura shop" () or simply "Tanakura". By the time, "Tanakura" became colloquial for second-hand clothes in Iran, although Ryozu's trade was in textiles and later (before the earthquake) about fabricated clothes. While the series was aired in Iran, it was the harsh time of Iran-Iraq War, and everything had to be according to the fundamentalist ideology of the ruling clergy of [Islamic Republic of Iran]]. On January 28, 1989, Iran National Radio had a special report on the birthday anniversary of Fatimah, the daughter of the Prophet Mohammed. The aim of the report was to tell the people that Fatimah was the best role-model for the Iranian women. But all of a sudden, a young lady told the reporter that despite the common belief, she can not accept Fatimah as a role-model, because she lived 1400 earlier than her time. She added that some women accepted Oshin as a role-model, but she could not accept that, too. Because she was from a different culture (Japan). But that was enough to ignite the anger of Ayatollah Khomeini. He ordered the National Radio and Television to persecute those involved in that report. He asked for execution of those people if it was deliberate. Khomeini regarded that report as an insult to Fatimah and according to his interpretation of the Islamic Jurisprudence the punishment of such an act was death. Fortunately, no body was executed, but 5 people were reportedly persecuted with the punishments ranging from imprisonment to lashing according to the Sharia law. </doc> <doc id="2341582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341582" title="French cruiser De Grasse"> French cruiser De Grasse De Grasse was an anti-aircraft cruiser of the French Navy. She was the first French vessel named in honour of François Joseph Paul, marquis de Grasse Tilly, comte de Grasse. From 1965 to 1971, she was involved in the nuclear test campaigns in the Pacific. "De Grasse" was designed in the late 1930s, as the lead ship of a series of three cruisers a little heavier than the preceding s, notably with an improved anti-aircraft equipment. The other two ships "Chateaurenault" and "Guichen" were cancelled. The unfinished ship (some 28% complete) was captured in June 1940 by the invading Germans during the Second World War. In April 1942 the Germans began planning to convert "De Grasse" to a light aircraft carrier, provisionally named . On 3 December 1942 Hitler ordered that "De Grasse" was to be built as an aircraft carrier for Germany but the work was stopped in February 1943 for several reasons, including a lack of materials and manpower and the threat of air attacks in Lorient. After the war the hull was eventually launched in 1946. The construction was halted again between 1946 and 1951, when she was towed to the Brest Navy yard to be completed, to a significantly modified design as an anti-aircraft cruiser. The trials began on 17 August 1954 and she was commissioned on 10 September 1956. She was used as an anti-aircraft cruiser and flagship within the Mediterranean squadron, until she was selected to join the Pacific Experimentation Centre to participate in the first nuclear tests in French Polynesia. She undertook some modification in from May 1964 until February 1966, with the bridge being doubled, a 50 meters high quadripod mast mounted on the aft roof and half the armament removed. The ship was also made gas-tight and fitted with washdown facilities. The equipment was modernised and the crew was downsized to 560 men, to make accommodation available for 160 engineers and technicians. The ship was used for six testing campaigns between 1966 and 1972. She was decommissioned in 1973 and was sold for scrap on 25 January 1974. Scrapping took place in La Spezia (Italy) in 1975. </doc> <doc id="2341590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341590" title="First Between 3rd and 4th"> First Between 3rd and 4th First Between 3rd and 4th is an EP independently released in July 2004 by singer/songwriter Joshua Radin. The EP, his debut, features the song "Winter", a song that through Radin's friend Zach Braff found its way into an episode of Braff's television show "Scrubs" in early 2004; the resulting publicity prompted the EP's release. Both "Winter" and "Today" were released on Radin's 2006 full-length album "We Were Here". The EP also features a cover version of "Girlfriend In A Coma", a 1987 single by The Smiths. All songs written by Joshua Radin except "Girlfriend In A Coma" by Johnny Marr and Morissey </doc> <doc id="2341591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341591" title="Ministers of State of the 22nd Dáil"> Ministers of State of the 22nd Dáil On 30 June 1981, the 17th Government of Ireland was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann. The new Fine Gael–Labour Party government was led by the Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald. On that day FitzGerald announced to the Dáil that the Government had appointed Gerry L'Estrange, TD to the post of Minister for State at the Department of the Taoiseach with special responsibility as Government Chief Whip. On the same day the Taoiseach announced that the Government had appointed the other Ministers of State. </doc> <doc id="2341597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341597" title="Waycross High School"> Waycross High School Waycross High School was a high school in the city of Waycross, Georgia, United States. In 1993, the Waycross School Board dissolved its charter and was absorbed by the Ware County School System. As a result, Ware County was able to keep a large grant it had been promised, with which to build a much bigger Ware County Senior High school. The school was located on Ava Street, at the present site of the Central Baptist Church. The Ava Street Waycross Senior High was started in 1936. It graduated its first class in 1939 and its last in 1966. At midterm of the 1966 school year, the new Waycross High School was completed and moved into during Christmas break. Thus 1967 was the first year at the new Waycross High School, which later became a middle school. In 1993 the Waycross School System was absorbed by the Ware County School system. Waycross graduated its last class in 1994. Waycross won the Georgia State AA football championship in 1960, 1961, and 1977. The Bulldogs won the AA State Championship in 1970 and the AAA State Championship in 1972. In 1981 they won the Georgia State Class AAA football title. Waycross High was also built into a track and field powerhouse under the leadership of Coach Chuck McKenny. The yearbook was named the "Turpicone" (turpentine-pine cone; Ware County was the largest producer of naval stores in the world). On the east side of our city, etched against the sky Deep among the murm'ring pine trees, stands our Waycross High. While our voices join in praises of old Waycross High; Youthful memories linger ever as the years go by. Though we wander, Alma Mater, Far from home and thee, We will always sing thy glory, Love and victory. Refrain: Hail, all hail! our Alma Mater! We will honor thee; Hail to thee, our Alma Mater; Loyal we will be. Waycross High's biggest rivalry was with cross-county school Ware County High. Quite possibly the greatest game played between the two, in the 1977 State Championship season's final regular season game, #1 Ware County and #2 Waycross faced off at Memorial Stadium. The only score of the game was a second quarter FG by Waycross' Ricky Chaney. Waycross upset the #1 team 3-0, and went on to defeat Ware County yet again the very next week, 28-7, in the Region Championship game. Waycross won four state football titles. </doc> <doc id="2341598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341598" title="Fraunberg"> Fraunberg "For the town in Germany,Translated as (wife or lady of the Mountain) see Fraunberg, Bavaria." The family of the barons von Fraunberg, also known as the Fraunberger, is among the oldest in Bavaria. Their name derives from the village of Fraunberg in the district of Erding. They are documented since 945, when Heinrich von Fraunberger was mentioned in connection with Costnitz am Bodensee. Their main arms are Gules, a pale argent. By 1245, the family of Gurren of Haag had already begun using a horse salient as their seal device. The word "Gurre" is German now means a horse of poor quality, a nag or jade. Whether the family derived their name from the coat of arms or vice versa is not clear. The choice of name, however, implies that at the time the derogatory meaning of "Gurre" had not yet come into play. : the numerous representations show a lively, well fed horse. The Fraunbergers adopted the Gurren coat of arms at the time of Sigfried I., to whom was granted the position of Count of Haag in 1245. The family of Fraunberg-Haag bore it alone. The branch of Fraunberger zu Fraunberg however quartered it with their main arms. Some descendants of the Fraunberger family have immigrated to the US and reside in the Clifton,Passaic, and Plainsboro New Jersey area. On the death of Count Ladislaus von Fraunberg-Haag in 1567 the county was granted to the Duke of Bavaria. With the local government reforms a large part of what was formerly the County of Haag came to the district of Erding. Numerous examples of the arms of Haag exist, particularly in churches and on boundary stones (see Schierl below) </doc> <doc id="2341602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341602" title="Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort"> Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort Major Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort, KG (5 February 1792 – 17 November 1853), styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1803 and Marquess of Worcester between 1803 and 1835, was a British peer, soldier, and politician. Beaufort was the eldest son of Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort, and Lady Charlotte Sophia, daughter of Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford. Lord Granville Somerset was his younger brother. Beaufort was commissioned a cornet in the 10th Hussars on 18 June 1811. He was promoted to lieutenant in the 14th Light Dragoons on 21 August, but transferred back to the 10th Hussars on 6 September. Worcester also served as an aide-de-camp to the Duke of Wellington in Portugal and Spain between 1812 and 1814. In 1813, Beaufort was returned as Member of Parliament (MP) for the Monmouth Boroughs, as a Tory, and continued to hold the seat until 1831. On 26 October 1815, he transferred to the 7th Hussars. In the following year, he was appointed a Lord of the Admiralty under Lord Liverpool, serving on the Board until 1819. On 2 December 1819, he was made a captain in the 37th Foot, and on 30 December, was promoted to the rank of major. In the contentious election of 1831, Beaufort was defeated by Benjamin Hall at Monmouth Boroughs. While Hall's victory was overturned on petition and Beaufort regained the seat, he again lost to Hall in the 1832 election. He was appointed lieutenant-colonel commandant of the Gloucestershire Yeomanry in 1834. In 1835, he successfully contested West Gloucestershire, but left the House when he succeeded as Duke of Beaufort that November. In 1836, he became High Steward of Bristol and was appointed a Knight of the Garter on 11 April 1842. Beaufort married Georgiana Frederica Fitzroy (1792–1821), daughter of the Hon. Henry FitzRoy and Lady Anne Wellesley, on 25 July 1814. Georgiana's paternal ancestors included the Schuyler family, the Van Cortlandt family and the Delancey family of British North America. They had two daughters: After the death of his wife in 1821, he married her younger half-sister, Emily Frances Smith, daughter of Charles Culling Smith, on 29 June 1822; they were both daughters of Lady Anne Smith, the Duke of Wellington's sister. (This marriage, in contravention of the canon laws of the Church of England, rendered his marriage potentially annullable for many years: for this reason Wellington himself strongly opposed it.) They had seven children, one son and six daughters: In 1840, Beaufort bought the house at 22 Arlington Street in St. James's, a district of the City of Westminster in central London from John Pratt, 1st Marquess Camden and proceeded to expend enormous sums refurbishing the interior of the house. He renamed the house after his title and during his residency it was known as "Beaufort House." He hired architect Owen Jones, who had studied the Alhambra to embellish the interiors. Beaufort sold the house a year before he died to William Hamilton, 11th Duke of Hamilton. Beaufort died in 1853, aged 61 at Badminton House, Gloucestershire, and was buried at St Michael and All Angels Church, Badminton. He is best known today for his two marriages, and his involvement, as a very young man, with the courtesan Harriette Wilson, to whom he apparently proposed marriage. Both Beaufort and Harriette Wilson feature as minor characters in "Black Ajax" by George MacDonald Fraser. </doc> <doc id="2341606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341606" title="Saleesh House"> Saleesh House Saleesh House, also known as Flathead Post, was a North West Company fur trading post built near present-day Thompson Falls, Montana in 1809 by David Thompson and James McMillan of the North West Company. It became a Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) post after that company merged with the North West Company in 1821. Under HBC control the post was better known as Flathead rather than Saleesh. It continued to operate until at least 1855. Thompson had established the post of Kullyspell House earlier in the year in the territory of the Pend d'Oreilles (who Thompson called the Kullyspel, an early variant spelling of "Kalispell"). This post was sited near the mouth of the Clark Fork river. By October Thompson had decided to established another post farther up the Clark Fork in the territory of the Flatheads. Thompson's name for the Flatheads was Saleesh. He also called Clark Fork the Saleesh River. The Saleesh House trading post was built by the end of 1809. The location of Saleesh House proved ideal, as it was on a route connecting the higher mountain country with bison hunting grounds near Flathead Lake. Several tribes used this route and traditionally encamped for winter near the Saleesh House site. The post quickly attracted a diverse community around itself. In addition, the region around the post was rich with beavers. The indigenous peoples had access to pemmican supplies and were willing to trap and trade beaver skins. The Saleesh House rapidly became the focal point of an impressively rich fur trading region in what would become Montana. It was at Saleesh House in late 1809 and early 1810 that David Thompson acquired the nickname "Koo-koo-Sint", or "Star-Looker". In 1810 Thompson and other members of the North West Company linked Saleesh House with Spokane House via a trail known as the "Skeetshoo Indian Road". Thompson soon left and did not return to Saleesh House until 1812, where he found the post in poor condition. Thompson repaired and rebuilt the post more permanently. Joint British - U.S. occupation of areas west of the Rocky Mountains continental divide pursuant to the Treaty of 1818 ended with the Oregon Treaty in June, 1846, which extended the international boundary along the 49th parallel from the ridge of the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. </doc> <doc id="2341607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341607" title="Kootanae House"> Kootanae House Kootanae House, also spelled Kootenae House, was a North West Company fur trading post built by Jaco Finlay under the direction of David Thompson near present-day Invermere, British Columbia in 1807. It was abandoned in 1812. In 1808 Thompson reckoned its location as . The actual location is Kootenae House National Historic Site, located at (the discrepancy is due to inaccuracies in Thompson's measurements). The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1934. In July 2005, Parks Canada, in cooperation with several members of the Ktunaxa Nation conducted archaeological investigations at the site of Thompson's Kootanae House, near Invermere BC. Kootanae House was David Thompson's first post constructed in the Columbia Basin and his "jumping off point" for further explorations throughout the region. The Archaeology confirms that this site is the location of a North West Company trading posts and lays to rest some inconsistencies between the site and Thompson's description of the trading post. </doc> <doc id="2341611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341611" title="Brush Development Company"> Brush Development Company Brush Development Company was a manufacturer of audio, phonographic products and magnetic recording technologies located in Cleveland, Ohio. Founder Alfred L. Williams began Brush Labs in 1919 to develop products that utilized piezoelectric crystals. Associates reorganized the company as "Brush Development Company" in 1930 with piezoelectric phonograph pickups as the company's main product. Later they began manufacturing wire recorders, microphones, and speakers. Research for improvements to wire recorders resulted in a contract from the US National Defense Research Council during World War II. Brush manufactured a dictation recorder in 1946. In 1950, Brush built the Model BL-206 and BL-216 Multichannel Oscillographs, and associate Model BL-932 DC Amplifiers. Brush Development Co. merged with the original Brush Labs and the Cleveland Graphite Bronze company in 1952. The new company was named Clevite. Audio products under the Brush trademark were sold until 1960. The Clevite company was absorbed by Gould-National Batteries in 1969. </doc> <doc id="2341615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341615" title="George Mallet"> George Mallet Sir (William) George Mallet GCSL GCMG CBE (24 July 1923 – 20 October 2010) was a politician who held a number of high offices in Saint Lucia, one of the Windward Islands of the Lesser Antilles in the Eastern Caribbean. Sir George served as the Minister for Trade, Industry, Agriculture and Tourism in the first post-independence government of St Lucia beginning in 1979. In later years, Sir George served as Deputy Prime Minister and was responsible for numerous government ministries including Foreign Affairs, Home Affairs and CARICOM Affairs. As a member of the United Workers Party (UWP), Mallet represented the Castries Central district. He was very popular amongst his constituents and never lost the Castries Central seat during his political career. After retiring from active politics in 1996, Mallet served as Governor-General between 1 June 1996 and 31 August 1997. His wife, Beryl, died on 27 August 2003. Mallet was born in Panama on 24 July 1923. His family lived in Panama for a number of years while his father was an office worker for the Panama Canal. While still very young Mallet's mother returned to Saint Lucia with her children. He acquired his education at the Roman Catholic Boys' School in Castries and at the Castries Intermediate Secondary School. Upon graduation, he joined the commercial sector, first as a clerk and later as a sales manager and accountant with leading business houses in Castries. These included Minvielle & Co., Minvielle & Chastanet and Peter & Co. He was first elected to the Castries City Council in 1952. He served as chairman of that council until 1964. In 1958, Mallet was elected to the Saint Lucia Legislative Council to represent the constituency of Castries Central. With his growing role in the public sector and the responsibilities of the city council and the legislative council, Mallet resigned from his post as accountant with Peter & Co. Now fully a public servant, Mallet was a member of the People's Progressive Party (PPP) and was appointed to the post of Minister for Trade, Industry, Agriculture and Tourism. At that time Saint Lucia was still under British rule and local politics were dominated by PPP and the Saint Lucia Labour Party (SLP). In 1961, amidst significant political unrest, a third political party emerged, the National Labour Movement (NLM). The NLM was led by John Compton, a former SLP member who broke away from that group to form a new political party due to the SLP's internal power struggles. In 1964, the People's Progressive Party and the National Labour Movement combined forces and formed a new party—the United Workers Party (UWP). This new party won the election held in June 1964. Mallet retained his position as Minister for Trade, Industry, Agriculture and Tourism and John Compton became Chief Minister. On 1 March 1967 Saint Lucia became an Associated State of the United Kingdom, a move closer to independence that placed the Saint Lucian government fully in charge of the island's internal affairs. The UWP continued to win the subsequent national elections and pushed for full independence; the party's platform sharply criticised the British government's administration over the island. Eventually, Saint Lucian independence was achieved on 22 February 1979. Despite some civil unrest, Saint Lucia's transition to independence was one of the most peaceful in Caribbean history and the island maintains good relations with Great Britain. Mallet continued in his role as Minister for Trade, Industry and Tourism until a few months after independence in 1979, when the United Workers Party (UWP) was defeated in national elections by the Saint Lucia Labour Party (SLP). Mallet did win the Castries Central seat in the election; but with the change of government he became a member of the opposition party in the Saint Lucia House of Assembly. The SLP government collapsed in January 1982 and the UWP won the subsequent election in May 1982. John Compton became the island's prime minister and he named Mallet as deputy prime minister. Mallet was appointed to serve as Minister for Trade, Industry and Tourism. He held this position until 1992; after that year's national election he was named Minister for Foreign Affairs, Home Affairs, Trade and Industry. A year later, he undertook the additional responsibility of the Ministry for CARICOM Affairs. In 1996, after 38 years of service, Mallet resigned his seat in the House of Assembly. However, before leaving office, Mallet campaigned heavily for his chosen successor to the Castries Central seat, Dr. Vaughan Lewis. Lewis, a former director of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS), won the Castries Central seat and assumed the office of Prime Minister on 2 April 1996. On 1 June 1996 George Mallet was appointed to the office of Governor General. In 1997, Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II awarded Mallet the Knight Grand Cross of St Michael and St George (GCMG) and he was given the title "Sir". However, with the SLP's election victory the next year, Sir George retired from the post of Governor General on 31 August 1997. Mallet died on 20 October 2010 in Castries, aged 87, after a long battle with cancer. In 1996, Mallet was made Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Lucia (GCSL) in recognition of his years of service to Saint Lucia and the British Commonwealth. In 1997, Queen Elizabeth II conferred on him the honour of Knight Grand Cross of St Michael and St George (GCMG). Mallet also was honoured as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. The Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George is a British order of chivalry for men and women of high office, or who render extraordinary or important non-military service in a foreign country. The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire is a British order of chivalry bestowed for meritorious service to the government in peace as well as for gallantry in wartime. </doc> <doc id="2341625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341625" title="Lee Ann Michelle"> Lee Ann Michelle Lee Ann Michelle (born 17 March 1960 in Surrey, England) is an English model and actress. She was chosen as "Playboy" magazine's Playmate of the Month for the February 1979 issue. Her centerfold was photographed by Mario Casilli. She is the first Playmate to have been born in the 1960s. Her real name is Carol Needham and she was called Carol earlier in her career, including when she posed topless for the newspapers "The Sun" and "Daily Mirror". Her debut was at the age of 16 in the 7 January 1977 edition of The Sun. She was voted The Sun's "Page 3 Girl of the Year" in 1982. In the 1979 film "Seven" she had an uncredited role playing Sybill. Needham later married and co-founded a modelling agency called Needham and Hanson Management. </doc> <doc id="2341633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341633" title="Claude Humbert Piarron de Chamousset"> Claude Humbert Piarron de Chamousset Claude Humbert Piarron de Chamousset (1717 – April 1773) was a French master at the Court of Auditors, physician and philanthropist. Born in Paris, he was the originator of mutual benefit societies. According to A. Piron (1838), in 1758 he established a new postal system at Paris charging two sols for a single letter under one ounce, replacing the earlier postal system established in 1653 by Jean-Jacques Renouard de Villayer. He is buried at Saint-Nicolas-du-Chardonnet (5th arrondissement of Paris) 28 April 1773 A monument in his honor was realized by Francis de Saint-Vidal (1840–1900), built at the intersection between rue Bonaparte and rue de l'Abbaye in Saint-Germain-des-Prés and inaugurated 3 September 1900 by President Émile Loubet. </doc> <doc id="2341635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341635" title="Chamousset"> Chamousset Chamousset may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2341637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341637" title="Minnesota State Highway 121"> Minnesota State Highway 121 Minnesota State Highway 121 (MN 121) is a short freeway stub in Minnesota. It is less than one mile (1.6 km) in length. Highway 121 runs between Interstate Highway 35W in Richfield and Lyndale Avenue South (County 22) in Minneapolis where it intersects West 58th Street. There was one interchange leading to westbound Highway 62, but this has been reconfigured from a freeway-to-freeway configuration into a half-trumpet configuration with signals on Highway 121. State Highway 121 serves as a freeway connector stub on the Minneapolis / Richfield boundary line. The short route connects I-35W, Highway 62, and Lyndale Avenue in South Minneapolis. The route is located in Hennepin County. When traveling on I-35W northbound in Richfield, Highway 121 is accessed by the "Highway 62 west / 58th Street " exit. 58th Street is then followed. Before I-35W was completed to downtown Minneapolis, old U.S. Highway 65 briefly took this stub (present day 121) to rejoin its old alignment on Lyndale Avenue South. A 1961 road map shows I-35W separating from Lyndale Avenue South at about 58th Street, then continuing south along its present alignment in Richfield and south into Bloomington. Highway 121 was designated on its current alignment in 1979 after I-35W was built along the Crosstown (State Highway 62) and along 2nd Avenue South going into downtown. Prior to 1979, State Highway 121 was routed on different alignments on various surface streets in South Minneapolis. The first alignment of 121 on France Avenue South was signed in 1935 between 50th Street northbound to Excelsior Boulevard. The route alignment of 121 was changed in 1957, 1969, 1979, and 1988. The surface streets that 121 had followed throughout these years included France Avenue South, 50th Street, Lyndale Avenue South, and 46th Street. All are now county marked routes. </doc> <doc id="2341653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341653" title="Archibald Willard"> Archibald Willard Archibald MacNeal Willard (August 22, 1836 – October 11, 1918) was an American painter who was born and raised in Bedford, Ohio. He was the son of Samuel Willard, the pastor of Bedford Baptist Church, and his wife. Willard joined the 86th Ohio Infantry in 1863 and fought in the American Civil War. During this time, he painted several scenes from the war and forged a friendship with photographer James F. Ryder. Willard painted "The Spirit of '76" about 1875 in Wellington, Ohio, after he saw a holiday parade pass through the town square. Willard also painted three murals in the main hall of the Fayette County courthouse in Washington Court House, Ohio: "The Spirit of Electricity," "The Spirit of Telegraphy," and "The Spirit of the Mail." Willard is buried in Wellington, Ohio at the Greenwood Cemetery. He is commemorated by a Willard Drive in his birthplace of Bedford and a Willard Avenue in nearby Garfield Heights named after him. Willard's most famous work is The Spirit of '76 (previously known as "Yankee Doodle"), which was exhibited and widely seen at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1876. The original is displayed in Abbot Hall, Marblehead, Massachusetts. Several later variations painted by Willard have been exhibited around the country (including in the United States Department of State). Of note, he used his father, Samuel Willard, as the model for the middle character of the painting. Hugh Mosher was the model for the fifer. The boy was Henry Devereaux. Willard developed the painting from a sketch, which included three men dancing and singing. He also made several other works of art, including "The Blue Girl", "Pluck", and others not as recognized. </doc> <doc id="2341654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341654" title="Rory Brady"> Rory Brady Rory Brady (20 August 1957 – 19 July 2010) was an Irish barrister who served as the Attorney General of Ireland from 2002 to 2007. He served as a Member of the Council of State, and was a mediator on the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague. He was visiting fellow at Harvard University in the United States, and was considered a candidate for the Supreme Court of Ireland. Brady was born on 20 August 1957. He sat his Leaving Certificate at Synge Street CBS in 1975. He studied law at University College Dublin and received a Bachelor of Civil Law Degree in 1978. Brady was a tutor in Business Law in the Faculty of Commerce at University College Dublin. In 1979, he was called to the Irish Bar at The Honorable Society of King's Inns; and by the Middle Temple in London in 1986. Brady was called to the Inner Bar of Ireland in 1996 and was chairman of the Bar Council of Ireland from October 2000 until June 2002. He held the view that the Personal Injuries Assessment Board was a "fatally flawed project". On 6 June 2002 he was appointed as Attorney General by the President of Ireland, on the nomination of the then Taoiseach Bertie Ahern. He battled for an Indonesian child in the High Court, and in January 2006, told the Health Service Executive to repay €48 million in alleged illegal fees it received from nursing home residents. When "Mr A" was released the same year, Brady was vindicated. He resigned as Attorney General in 2007 in what was considered a surprise move, becoming a barrister again, and receiving a "golden parachute" package of what was reported to be either €87,000 or more than €200,000. He was a member of several statutory bodies within Ireland, including the Courts Service Board (October 2000 to June 2002); the Censorship of Publications Board (which he chaired from December 2001 to June 2002); and the Garda Síochána Complaints Board (from April 2002 to June 2002). He was Chairperson of the Irish Takeover Panel from April 2008 until his death. Brady died in July 2010 after two years of illness and was survived by his wife and two daughters. Incumbent Taoiseach Brian Cowen called him one of the "finest and most able barristers of his time", while former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern said Brady was "a great Dubliner who had a strong affinity with his native city" and said that he was "my closest and most trusted colleague at the cabinet table. He was never anything less than brilliant". Ahern had been assisted by Brady in a defamation case. Fine Gael's Charles Flanagan stated that Brady had served "with distinction". Hundreds of people, including politicians, attended his removal, while his funeral was also well attended. His interment was in Mount Jerome Cemetery. </doc> <doc id="2341660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341660" title="John Bailey (British actor)"> John Bailey (British actor) John Bailey (26 June 1912 - 18 February 1989) was a British screen and TV actor who had a long screen, stage and TV career. He was born in South East London. He took a number of film roles during the late 1940s and early 1950s which included a sinister role, Stringer, in "High Treason". During the 1960s, he appeared in a number of high-profile BBC TV roles such as in "Doctor Who". Most famously, he played the artist Aubrey Green in "The Forsyte Saga" in (1967). He also took the lead in a highly acclaimed Wednesday Night Play. One of his notable early films was "High Treason" by Roy Boulting (1951). Set in a tense and austere London during the early Cold War, the tense plot follows the secret services MI5 pursuing a terrorist cell group. John Bailey's cold and ruthless assassin, Stringer, speaks with a convincing Russian accent. As an actor, he had considerable vocal range, notably employing a clipped, upper class English accent as Inspector Grant in Josephine Tey's "The Franchise Affair" (1951). His dark looks and convincing accents led to roles as Italians or Eastern Europeans. The BBC TV Wednesday Night Play about Sacco and Vanzetti (1967) addressed the topical issue of the death penalty. Written by Jean Benedetti the play was entitled "The Good Shoe Maker and the Poor Fish Pedlar". John Bailey played Bartolomeo Venzetti, an Italian immigrant in America whose execution was widely regarded as having been a miscarriage of justice. He also made various appearances in "Doctor Who", including "The Sensorites" (1964), playing Edward Waterfield in "The Evil of the Daleks" (1967) and "The Horns of Nimon" (1979), as well as appearing in several episodes of "The Avengers" and as Hans Frank in the 1978 American television miniseries "Holocaust". </doc> <doc id="2341661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341661" title="Munchique wood wren"> Munchique wood wren The Munchique wood wren ("Henicorhina negreti") is a member of the wren family (Troglodytidae), described as new to science in 2003. It was first observed by Steven Hilty in the 1980s and not described until detailed studies by Paul Salaman, Paul Coopmans, Thomas Donegan and others in the region in 2001. The Munchique wood wren is replaced sharply by the grey-breasted wood wren at lower elevations and on an opposite Andean mountain slope. The bird is found on the Munchique Massif in the western Andes in the Cauca Endemic Bird Area, Colombia. The species' scientific name honours Álvaro José Negret, a Colombian ornithologist who died in 1998. The Munchique wood wren was the first bird species to be described as new to science in an electronic journal rather than in a traditional print-only journal (http://www.ornitologiacolombiana.org). </doc> <doc id="2341665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341665" title="Charivari"> Charivari Charivari (or shivaree or chivaree) or Skimmington (or skimmington ride in England; ) are terms for a folk custom in which a mock parade was staged through a community accompanied by a discordant mock serenade. Since the crowd aimed to make as much noise as possible by beating on pots and pans or anything that came to hand these parades are often referred to as rough music. Parades were of three types. In the first, and generally most violent form, a wrongdoer or wrongdoers might be dragged from their home or place of work and paraded by force through a community. In the process they were subject to the derision of the crowd, they might be pelted and frequently a victim or victims were ducked at the end of the proceedings. A safer form involved a neighbour of the wrongdoer impersonating the victim whilst being carried through the streets. The impersonator was obviously not himself punished and he often cried out or sang ribald verses mocking the wrongdoer. In the common form an effigy was employed instead, abused and often burnt at the end of the proceedings. Communities used "rough music" to express their disapproval of different types of violation of community norms. For example, they might target marriages of which they disapproved such as a union between an older widower and much younger woman, or the too early remarriage by a widow or widower. Villages also used charivari in cases of adulterous relationships, against wife beaters, and unmarried mothers. It was also used as a form of shaming upon husbands who were beaten by their wives and had not stood up for themselves. In some cases, the community disapproved of any remarriage by older widows or widowers. "Charivari" is the original French word, and in Canada it is used by both English and French speakers. "Chivaree" became the common variant in Ontario, Canada. In the United States, the term "shivaree" is more common. As species of popular justice rituals Charivaric events were carefully planned and they were often staged at times of traditional festivity thereby blending delivering justice and celebration. Women seem to have been particularly prominent in both organising and participating in such events which usually began with the crowd gathering (pubs or taverns were a common meeting point) and then marching to the homes of the accused. The origin of the word "charivari" is likely from the Vulgar Latin "caribaria", plural of "caribarium", already referring to the custom of rattling kitchenware with an iron rod, itself probably from the Greek καρηβαρία (karēbaría), literally "heaviness in the head" but also used to mean "headache", from κάρα "head" and βαρύς "heavy". In any case, the tradition has been practised for at least 700 years. An engraving in the early 14th-century French manuscript, "Roman de Fauvel", shows a charivari underway. So-called "Rough Music" practices in England were known by many regional or local designations. In the North the most commonly employed term was "stang riding", a stang being a long pole carried on the shoulders of two men between which an object or a person could be mounted. In the South, the term skimmington, or skimmington ride, was most commonly employed, a skimmington being a type of large wooden ladle with which an unruly wife might beat her husband. Other terms include "lewbelling", "tin-panning", "ran tanning", a "nominey" or "wooset". Where effigies of the "wrongdoers" were made they were frequently burned as the climax of the event (as the inscription on the Rampton photograph indicates) or "ritually drowned" (thrown into a pond or river). The very essence of the practice was public humiliation of the victim under the eyes of their neighbours Rough music practices were irregularly scattered throughout English communities in the nineteenth century. In the twentieth they declined but endured in a few places, such as Rampton, Nottinghamshire (1909), Middleton Cheney (1909) and Blisworth (1920s and 1936), Northamptonshire. There were in fact some examples after the Second World War at West Hoathley in Sussex in 1947 and Copthorne Sussex around 1951 and an attempt at traditional rough music practice was last documented by the folklorist Theo Brown in a Devonshire village around 1973. Noisy, masked processions were held outside the home of the supposed wrongdoer, involving the cacophonous rattling of bones and cleavers, the ringing of bells, hooting, blowing bull's horns, the banging of frying pans, saucepans, kettles, or other kitchen or barn implements with the intention of creating long-lasting embarrassment to the alleged perpetrator. During a rough music performance, the victim could be displayed upon a pole or donkey (in person or as an effigy), their "crimes" becoming the subject of mime, theatrical performances or recitatives, along with a litany of obscenities and insults. Alternatively, one of the participants would "ride the stang" (a pole carried between the shoulders of two or more men or youths) while banging an old kettle or pan with a stick and reciting a rhyme (called a "nominy") such as the following: Rough music processions are well attested in the medieval period as punishments for violations of the assumed gender norms. Men who had allowed themselves to be dominated by their shrewish wives were liable to be targeted and a frieze from Montecute House, an Eizabethan Manor in Somerset depicts just such an occurrence. However, in the nineteenth century the practice seems to have been somewhat refocused; whilst in the early period rough music was often used against men who had failed to assert their authority over their wives, by the end of the nineteenth century it was mostly targeted against men who had exceeded their authority by beating them. Thus, in contrast to the verses above referring to a shrewish wife there were also songs referring to the use of rough music as a protection for wives. Rough music song originating from South Stoke, Oxfordshire: The participants were generally young men temporarily bestowed with the power of rule over the everyday affairs of the community. As above, issues of sexuality and domestic hierarchy most often formed the pretexts for rough music, including acts of domestic violence or child abuse. However, rough music was also used as a sanction against those who committed certain species of economic crimes such as blocking footpaths, preventing traditional gleaning or profiteering at times of poor harvests. Occupational groups, such as butchers, employed rough music against others in the same trade who refused to abide by the commonly agreed labour customs. Rough music practices would often be repeated for three or up to seven nights in a row. Many victims fled their communities and cases of suicide are not unknown. As forms of vigilantism that were likely to lead to public disorder, ran-tanning and similar activities were banned under the Highways Act of 1882. Skimmingtons are recorded in England in early medieval times and they are recorded in colonial America from around the 1730s. The term is particularly associated with the West Country region of England and, although the etymology is not certain, it has been suggested that it derived from the ladle used in that region for cheesemaking, which was perceived as a weapon used by a woman to beat a weak or henpecked husband. The rationale for a skimmington varied, but one major theme was disapproval of a man for weakness in his relationship with his wife. A description of the custom in 1856 cites three main targets: a man who is worsted by his wife in a quarrel; a cuckolded man who accepts his wife's adultery; and any married person who engages in licentious conduct. To "ride such a person skimmington" involved exposing them or their effigy to ridicule on a cart, or on the back of a horse or donkey. Some accounts describe the participants as carrying ladles and spoons with which to beat each other, at least in the case of skimmingtons prompted by marital discord. The noisy parade passed through the neighbourhood, and served as a punishment to the offender and a warning to others to abide by community norms; Roberts suggests that the homes of other potential victims were visited in a pointed manner during a skimmington. According to one citation, a skimmington was broken up by the police in a village in Dorset as late as 1917; and incidents have been reported from the 1930s, the 1950s and perhaps even the 1970s. The antiquary and lexicographer Francis Grose described a skimmington as: "Saucepans, frying-pans, poker and tongs, marrow-bones and cleavers, bulls horns, etc. beaten upon and sounded in ludicrous processions" "(A Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue", 1796). In Warwickshire, the custom was known as "loo-belling", and in northern England as "riding the stang". Other names given to this or similar customs were "rough-musicking" and "hussitting" (said to be a reference to the Hussites or followers of John Huss). During the Western Rising of 1628–31, which was a rebellion in south-west England against the enclosure of royal forest lands, the name "Lady Skimmington" was adopted by the leader of the protest movement. According to some sources the name was used by a number of men involved with the Western Rising, who dressed in women's clothes not only as a method of disguise, but also in order to symbolise their protest against a breach of the established order. Many folk customs around the world have involved making loud noises to scare away evil spirits. Tuneless, cacophonous "rough music", played on horns, bugles, whistles, tin trays and frying pans, was a feature of the custom known as "Teddy Rowe's Band". This had taken place annually, possibly for several centuries, in the early hours of the morning, to herald the start of Pack Monday Fair at Sherborne, Dorset, until it was banned by the police in 1964 because of hooliganism the previous year. The fair is still held, on the first Monday after Old Michaelmas Day (10 October) – St Michael's Day in the Old Style calendar. The "Tin Can Band" at Broughton, Northamptonshire, a seasonal custom, takes place at midnight on the third Sunday in December. The participants march around the village for about an hour, rattling pans, dustbin lids, kettles and anything else that will make a noise. The council once attempted to stop the tin-canning; participants were summoned and fined, but a dance was organised to raise money to pay the fines and the custom continues. The village is sufficiently proud of its custom for it to feature on the village sign. Equivalents include the German and , Italian and French . The custom has been documented back to the Middle Ages but it is likely that it was traditional before that. It was first recorded in France, as a regular wedding activity to celebrate the nuptials at some point after the vows had been taken. But charivari achieved its greatest importance as it became transformed into a form of community censure against socially unacceptable marriages; for example, the marriage of widows before the end of the customary social period of formal mourning. In the early 17th century at the Council of Tours, the Catholic Church forbade the ritual of charivari and threatened its practitioners with excommunication. It did not want the community taking on the judgment and punishment of parishioners. But the custom continued in rural areas. The charivari as celebration was a custom initially practised by the upper classes, but as time went on, the lower classes also participated and often looked forward to the next opportunity to join in. The two main purposes of the charivari in Europe were to facilitate change in the current social structure and to act as a form of censure within the community. The goal was to enforce social standards and to rid the community of socially unacceptable relationships that threatened the stability of the whole. In Europe various types of charivari took place that differed from similar practices in other parts of the world. For example, the community might conduct a stag hunt against adulterers by creating a mock chase of human "stags" by human "hounds". The hounds would pursue the stags (that is, those who were committing the adulterous relationship) and dispense animal blood on their doorsteps. European charivaris were highly provocative, leading to overt public humiliation. The people used them to acknowledge and correct misbehaviour. In other parts of the world, similar public rituals around nuptials were practised mostly for celebration. Humiliation was the most common consequence of the European charivari. The acts which victims endured were forms of social ostracism often so embarrassing that they would leave the community for places where they were not known. Sometimes the charivari resulted in murder or suicide. Examples from the south of France include five cases of a charivari victim's firing on his accusers: these incidents resulted in two people being blinded and three killed. Some victims committed suicide, unable to recover from the public humiliation and social exclusion. It is possible that the blowing of car horns after weddings in France (and indeed in many European countries) today is a holdover from the charivari of the past. Charivari has been practised in much of the United States, but it was most frequent on the frontier, where communities were small and more formal enforcement was lacking. It was documented into the early 20th century, but was thought to have mostly died out by mid century. In Canada, charivaris have occurred in Ontario, Quebec, and the Atlantic provinces, but not always as an expression of disapproval. The early French colonists took the custom of charivari (or "shivaree" in the United States) to their settlements in Quebec. Some historians believe the custom spread to English-speaking areas of Lower Canada and eventually into the American South, but it was independently common in English society, so was likely to be part of Anglo-American customs. Charivari is well documented in the Hudson Valley from the earliest days of English settlers through the early 1900s. The earliest documented examples of Canadian charivari were in Quebec in the mid-17th century. One of the most notable was on June 28, 1683. After the widow of François Vézier dit Laverdure remarried only three weeks after her husband’s death, people of Quebec City conducted a loud and strident charivari against the newlyweds at their home. As practised in North America, the charivari tended to be less extreme and punitive than the traditional European custom. Each was unique and heavily influenced by the standing of the family involved, as well as who was participating. While embellished with some European traditions, in a North American charivari participants might throw the culprits into horse tanks or force them to buy candy bars for the crowd. This account from an American charivari in Kansas exemplifies the North American attitude. In contrast to punitive charivari in small villages in Europe, meant to ostracize and isolate the evildoers, North American charivaris were used as "unifying rituals", in which those in the wrong were brought back into the community after what might amount to a minor hazing. In some communities the ritual served as a gentle spoof of the newlyweds, intended to disrupt for a while any sexual activities that might be under way. In parts of the midwest US, such as Kansas, in the mid 1960-1970s, shivaree customs continued as good natured wedding humour along the lines of the musical "Oklahoma!". Rituals included wheeling the bride about in a wheelbarrow or tying cowbells under a wedding bed. In Tampa, Florida in September 1885, a large chivaree was held on the occasion of local official James T. Magbee's wedding. According to historian Kyle S. Vanlandingham, the party was "the wildest and noisiest of all the chivaree parties in Tampa's history," attended by "several hundred" men and lasting "until near daylight." The music produced during the chivaree was reportedly "hideous and unearthly beyond description." Charivari is believed to have inspired the development of the Acadian tradition of Tintamarre. The use of excessive noise was a universal practice in association with variations in the custom. Loud singing and chanting were common in Europe, including England, and throughout North America. For an 1860 English charivari against a wife-beater, someone wrote an original chant which the crowd was happy to adopt: In Europe the noise, songs, and chants had special meanings for the crowd. For adulterers, the songs represented the community’s disgust. For a too-early remarriage of a widow or widower, the noises symbolized the scream of the late husband or wife in the night. Perhaps the most common usage of the word today is in relation to circus performances, where a 'charivari' is a type of show opening that sees a raucous tumble of clowns and other performers into the playing space. This is the most common form of entrance used in today's classical circus, whereas the two and three-ring circuses of the last century usually preferred a parade, or a 'spec'. Charivari was sometimes called "riding the 'stang", when the target was a man who had been subject to scolding, beating, or other abuse from his wife. The man was made to "ride the 'stang", which meant that he was placed backwards on a horse, mule or ladder and paraded through town to be mocked, while people banged pots and pans. The charivari was used to belittle those who could not or would not consummate their marriage. In the mid-16th century, historic records attest to a charivari against Martin Guerre in the small village of Artigat in the French Pyrenees for that reason. After he married at the age of 14, his wife did not get pregnant for eight years, so villagers ridiculed him. Later in his life, another man took over Guerre's identity and life. The trial against the impostor was what captured the events for history. In the 20th century, the events formed the basis of a French film, "Le Retour de Martin Guerre" (1982) and the history, "The Return of Martin Guerre", by the American history professor Natalie Zemon Davis. With the charivari widely practised among rural villagers across Europe, the term and practice were part of common culture. Over time, the word was applied to other items. In Bavaria, "charivari" was adopted as the name for the silver ornaments worn with Lederhosen; the items consist of small trophies from game, like teeth from wild boar, or deer, jaws and fangs from foxes and various marters, feathers and claws from jaybirds and bird of prey. A Bavarian Charivari resembles the so-called "chatelaine," a women's ornament consisting of a silver chain with numerous pendants like a mini silver box of needles, a small pair of scissors, a tiny bottle of perfume, etc.. In the Philippines, the term "Charivari" is used by the Revised Penal Code for a type of criminalised public disorder. Defined in Article 155 as a medley of discordant voices, it is classed under alarm and scandal and is a punishable by a fine. Charivari would later be taken up by composers of the French Baroque tradition as a 'rustic' or 'pastoral' character piece. Notable examples are those of the renowned viola da gamba virtuoso Marin Marais in his five collections of pieces for the "basse de viole" and continuo. Some are quite advanced and difficult and subsequently evoke the title's origins. The British period instrument/early music ensemble, Charivari Agréable (founded in 1993), states that their name translates as, "'pleasant tumult' (from Saint-Lambert’s 1707 treatise on accompaniment)". </doc> <doc id="2341668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341668" title="Tony Cuccinello"> Tony Cuccinello Anthony Francis "Tony" Cuccinello (November 8, 1907 – September 21, 1995) was an American professional baseball second baseman and third baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds, Brooklyn Dodgers, Boston Bees, New York Giants, Boston Braves, and Chicago White Sox between 1930 and 1945. He was the older brother and uncle of former major league players Al Cuccinello and Sam Mele. His surname was pronounced "coo-chi-NELL-oh". A native of Long Island City, New York, Cuccinello led the National League second basemen in assists and double plays three times and hit .300 or better five times, with a career high .315 in . He was selected for MLB's first All-Star Game, played on July 6, at Comiskey Park, batting as a pinch-hitter for Carl Hubbell in the 9th inning. He also was selected for the 1938 All-Star Game. On August 13, 1931, as a member of the Cincinnati Reds, he went 6-6, scoring 4 runs and recording 5 RBI in a 17-3 rout of the Boston Braves. During the 1945 season, Cuccinello hit .308 for the Chicago White Sox, and just missed winning the American League batting title, one point behind Snuffy Stirnweiss' .309. Nevertheless, he was released in the offseason. In a 15-season career, Cuccinello was a .280 hitter with 94 home runs and 884 RBI in 1704 games. Following his playing retirement, in 1947 Cuccinello managed in the Florida International League for the Tampa team (named the "Smokers", after the city's large cigar business), and a year later coached for the Indianapolis Indians of the American Association. He returned to the major league to coach with the Reds (1949–51), Cleveland Indians (1952–56), White Sox (1957–66; 1969) and Detroit Tigers (1967–68). He coached under former teammate Al López in Cleveland and Chicago and was a member of Lopez's and American League championship teams, and the World Series champions. Cuccinello died in Tampa, Florida at the age of 87. </doc> <doc id="2341678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341678" title="Indiana Michigan Power Center"> Indiana Michigan Power Center Indiana Michigan Power Center, previously known as One Summit Square and also as the Summit National Bank Building after one of its original tenants, is the tallest office building in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States, as well as the tallest reinforced concrete building in the state of Indiana. The Indiana Michigan Power Center is a Modern 27-story building which stands at 134.7 m (442 ft). Designed by Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo and Associates, the building is unique in that it was built to give the illusion of two buildings, the adjoining tower housing the elevators. The original plan called for a second 20-story office tower and a 9-story hotel that were never built. The additional towers were canceled due to the financial difficulties of People's Trust Bank, which was forced to merge with Indiana Bank to form Summit Bank. The recession of 1981-1982 and a change in contractors midway through the project that led to cost overruns led to the completion of only one tower instead of the initially planned three. A plaza with trees and landscaping now resides on the land where the other towers were to have been built, which is now home to food trucks, community events, and farmer's markets. Originally, the tenants of One Summit Square were electricity provider Indiana Michigan Power along with Summit Bank and its holding company Summcorp (the largest bank in Fort Wayne at the time). Through a succession of mergers, One Summit Square eventually became the Northeast Indiana market headquarters for JPMorgan Chase. However, Indiana Michigan Power is the largest tenant, occupying most of the top half of the building. Indiana Michigan Power also has naming rights to the building, which it gained in 2014. Another major tenant is SIRVA, having moved their sizable Fort Wayne operations from their longtime home on US 30 in the fall of 2017. SIRVA occupies floors 5 through 11 of the building. In addition to local market and middle-market commercial banking offices on the first and second floors, JPMorgan Chase continues to maintain a Chase retail banking branch (with three ATMs) on the first floor. This branch was renovated in the fall of 2016; J.P. Morgan private banking offices were moved to an office in Indianapolis and six other Chase branches in the Fort Wayne area under the Chase Private Client offering. However, the renovation allows for Chase Private Client to be added in the future as downtown Fort Wayne grows. Barnes & Thornburg was a tenant until the spring of 2016 when Ash Skyline Plaza opened. Indiana Michigan Power Center is also home to other companies besides Indiana Michigan Power, SIRVA, and JPMorgan Chase. The partnership that owned One Summit Square was to have ended in 2016, which would have required the tenants to find new homes. However, Hanning & Bean Enterprises, Inc. (now NAI Hanning & Bean) along with Simon Dragan and Pat Bruggeman purchased the building from the partnership in 2014 for $12 million, pledging $5 million in renovations. The new owners signed new long-term leases with both AEP and JPMorgan Chase. As a result of these changes, One Summit Square was renamed Indiana Michigan Power Center with added signage on the west and east facades of the building. The owners are also considering new uses for vacant floors. Until 2014, the thirteenth floor also housed the Window Garden Café, a Sodexo-managed cafeteria. Since acquiring the building, NAI Hanning & Bean has reentered the restaurant business and plans to reopen the restaurant under its management in 2018. NAI Hanning & Bean also owns restaurants at 1st Source Center downtown, near Northcrest Shopping Center, and two restaurants at the Ramada Plaza Hotel on the city's north side; this will be the company's fifth restaurant. </doc> <doc id="2341686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341686" title="John Martin (Governor of Georgia)"> John Martin (Governor of Georgia) John Martin (ca. 1730January 1786) was an American planter, soldier, and politician. Little is known of Martin's early life. He was born in Providence, Rhode Island and moved to St. Philip's Parish, Savannah, Georgia in 1767 with his brother James, where they bought adjoining plantations. Martin was active during the American Revolution, serving as a delegate to the provincial congress in July 1775, as well as a member of the local Committee of Safety. In the War of Independence he was appointed lieutenant of the 7th company of the Georgia Regiment in the Continental Army in January 1776, and rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel in 1777. He was made lieutenant colonel for Chatham County in 1781. His political service includes mayor of Savannah, Georgia (1778), sheriff of Chatham County, Georgia, member of the Georgia House of Representatives, state Treasurer, and revolutionary governor of Georgia from 1782 to 1783. Martin took the office of governor on January 2, 1782 from Sir James Wright, who said, "The rebel Governor Martin, now at Ebenezer, has issued three proclamations, one to the King’s troops, one to the Hessians, and another to the militia, inviting them all to revolt and join the virtuous Americans against the tyranny of the British government." Wright also referred to Martin as "Black Jack from the Northward." When Martin began his term as governor, the British held Savannah as part of the southern theater of the American Revolution which, though near an end, was still being fought in Georgia. Martin wrote to General Anthony Wayne, "Nothing but the present deplorable situation of this country, & the starving condition of the greatest part of the inhabitants, many of whom have not tasted bread kind for more than a month past, could have induced me to trouble your Excellency on this occasion; but impressed with the idea that our distresses, which have been owing to the accumulated horrors of war this country has experienced for this four years past, might entitle us to hope for some small relief for the present from our sister State, has encouraged me to make this application." During Martin's term as governor, Georgia adopted several important laws and proclamations. He offered protection to citizens from Creek and Seminole Indians, preferring to fight over peace. Martin declared that Georgians would not hesitate "a moment respecting which you would prefer--the sword, or olive branch." He offered full pardons to all Loyalists who surrendered to General Wayne, as well as offering land to Hessians who left the British. These actions increased desertions from the British forces. With Georgia in a state of financial ruin at the end of the war, he also passed a Confiscation and Banishment Act in 1782 which seized the property of 342 Loyalists identified by name. Regarding the Revolutionary War in Georgia, Martin wrote on January 11, 1782: "It is true, this war has made us poor, and we are not ashamed to own it; because our cause is just; but we shall soon be rich and happy." Georgia then retook Savannah from the British on July 11, 1782, and the Revolutionary War in Georgia came to an end. On January 9, 1783, Lyman Hall was elected governor, and Martin's term as governor of Georgia ended. After the war, Martin served as a commissioner in meetings with Creek and Cherokee Indians. He negotiated for the assistance of the governor of British Florida in stopping the bands of plunderers, and he worked to restore peace with the Creek Indians. On January 31, 1783, Martin was elected treasurer of the state, a position he held until his retirement on March 17, 1784. The Georgia Gazette of February 2, 1786, contained this record: "Last week died, on his way to the Westward, whither he was bound for the recovery of his health, the Hon. John Martin, Esq." The town of Martin, in Stephens County, is named in his honor. </doc> <doc id="2341687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341687" title="Henry Somerset, 8th Duke of Beaufort"> Henry Somerset, 8th Duke of Beaufort Captain Henry Charles FitzRoy Somerset, 8th Duke of Beaufort KG, PC, DL (1 February 1824 – 30 April 1899), styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1835 and Marquess of Worcester from 1835 to 1853, was a British peer, soldier, and Conservative Party politician. He served as Master of the Horse between 1858 and 1859 and again between 1866 and 1868. Born in Paris, he was the only son of Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort by his second wife Emily Frances, daughter of Charles Culling Smith and his wife Lady Anne Wellesley. He was educated at Eton College. Beaufort was commissioned a Cornet and Sublieutenant in the 1st Life Guards on 17 August 1841. From 1842 to 1852, he was an aide-de-camp to the Duke of Wellington, then Commander-in-Chief of the Forces (Beaufort's father had also been Wellington's aide-de-camp during the Peninsular War). He was promoted lieutenant on 7 July 1843. On 13 August 1847, he purchased a captaincy in the 7th Hussars. On 15 June 1852, Beaufort was appointed a deputy lieutenant of Gloucestershire, and after the death of Wellington in September, he continued to serve as aide-de-camp to the new Commander-in-Chief, Viscount Hardinge, until the latter's death in 1856. On 21 April 1854, Beaufort purchased a commission as an unattached major, and on 5 May, he was appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant of the Royal Gloucestershire Yeomanry, replacing his late father. During this time it was proposed to start "a cattle show" in Monmouth, and in 1857 Beaufort and John Etherington Welch Rolls each put money into a fund to start the show. Rolls was the greater financial contributor and he became President of the show. This cattle show is now known as the Monmouthshire Show. Beaufort was breveted lieutenant colonel on 26 October 1858, but sold his commission and left the Army on 11 June 1861. On 16 September 1863, he was made a deputy lieutenant of Monmouthshire. He was also appointed Honorary Colonel of the 1st Gloucestershire Engineer Volunteers on 20 November 1867. On 29 April 1874, he resigned the lieutenant-colonelcy of the Gloucestershire Yeomanry and became Honorary Colonel of the regiment. He resigned that commission on 2 July 1887. He also resigned the honorary colonelcy of the 1st Gloucestershire Engineer Volunteers on 2 December 1888. In 1846, Beaufort was returned as a Member of Parliament (MP) for East Gloucestershire, holding the seat until succeeding his father in the dukedom in November 1853. He was appointed Master of the Horse on 26 February 1858, as part of Lord Derby's second government and was made a Privy Counsellor the same day. He left office in 1859, when Derby's ministry fell. Beaufort was again appointed Master of the Horse in Derby's third government in 1866. On 19 March 1867, he was made a Knight of the Garter and appointed Lord Lieutenant of Monmouthshire later that year. He lost the Mastership of the Horse in 1868 when the government fell, but remained Lord Lieutenant for the remainder of his life. Beaufort conceived and planned the Badminton Library series of sporting books, the publication of which began in 1885 with a volume on "Hunting", and acted as its overseeing editor. Beaufort married Lady Georgiana Charlotte Curzon (29 September 1825 – 14 May 1906), daughter of Richard Curzon-Howe, 1st Earl Howe, on 3 July 1845. They had six children: Somerset died in 1899, aged 75 at Stoke Gifford, Gloucestershire, from gout and was buried on 5 May 1899 at St Michael and All Angels Church, Badminton. </doc> <doc id="2341691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341691" title="Canada World Youth"> Canada World Youth Canada World Youth (CWY, "in French: Jeunesse Canada Monde (JCM)") is an international non-profit organization dedicated to providing youth with an opportunity to learn about other communities, cultures and people while developing leadership and communications skills. Founded in 1971 by Jacques Hébert (1923–2007) a former Canadian senator and lifelong promoter of youth and international development programs, Canada World Youth has sent over 38,000 youth volunteers in 69 countries worldwide to participate in its programs. </doc> <doc id="2341698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341698" title="Charles Adderley, 1st Baron Norton"> Charles Adderley, 1st Baron Norton Charles Bowyer Adderley, 1st Baron Norton (2 August 181428 March 1905) was a British Conservative politician. Charles Bowyer Adderley was the eldest son of Charles Clement Adderley (d. 1818), offspring of an old Staffordshire family, and his wife, daughter of Sir Edmund Cradock-Hartopp, 1st Baronet. Adderley inherited Hams Hall, Warwickshire, and the valuable estates of his great-uncle, Charles Bowyer Adderley, in 1826. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1838. In 1841, Adderley entered the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for North Staffordshire, retaining his seat until 1878, when he was created Baron Norton. Adderley's ministerial career began in 1858, when he was appointed President of the Board of Health and Vice-President of the Committee of the Council on Education in Lord Derby's short ministry. Again under Lord Derby he was Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1866 to 1868, being in charge of the act which called the Dominion of Canada into being, and from 1874 to 1878 he was President of the Board of Trade. He was sworn of the Privy Council in 1858, was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 1869 Birthday Honours, and in 1878 he was elevated to the peerage as Baron Norton, of Norton-on-the-Moors in the County of Stafford. Norton was a strong churchman and especially interested in education and the colonies. Adderley joined the Canterbury Association on 27 March 1848 and was a member of the management committee from the beginning. In 1852/53, he paid ₤500 towards the costs of the closure of the association. In 1842 he married Julia Anne Eliza (1820–1887), oldest daughter of Chandos Leigh, 1st Baron Leigh, by whom he had several sons. His eldest son Charles Leigh Adderley succeeded him in the barony. Another son, the Hon. James Granville Adderley, vicar of Saltley, Birmingham, became well known as an advocate of Christian socialism. His daughter Isabel married in 1876 Vauncey Harpur Crewe of Calke Abbey, later 10th Baronet. Adderley Street is a famous street in Cape Town, South Africa, considered the main street of the central business district. In 1850, the Mayor of Cape Town, Hercules Jarvis, named it to honour Adderley who had fought successfully against a proposal to make Cape Town into a penal colony. Adderley must be one of the few people to have two streets named after him in a single town: Adderley Street and Norton Street, both in Uppingham, Rutland where he owned property. In Birmingham, Adderley donated of land to create Adderley Park, which he managed privately from 1855 to 1864. He also donated land for the construction of St Saviour's Church, Saltley, St Peter's College, Saltley and the reformatory on the Fordrough, later called Norton Boys' Home. In 1879 Lord Norton sold Whitacre Lodge to the city for the construction of the Shustoke Reservoir, the largest single source of water for Birmingham until the Elan/Claerwen scheme was completed. Adderley Head, a headland between Lyttelton Harbour and Port Levy, near Canterbury, New Zealand, is named for him. </doc> <doc id="2341700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341700" title="Allen Appel"> Allen Appel Allen Appel (born January 6, 1945) is an American novelist best known for his series about time traveler Alex Balfour. In the series, fictional characters are interwoven with actual historical people and events. Born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Appel grew up in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He graduated from West Virginia University in 1967 and moved to Washington, D.C., where he found work as an illustrator and photographer. He made his mark with a series of collage illustrations for the Sunday magazine section of "The Washington Post", and this work led to his first book, "Proust's Last Beer: A History of Curious Demises" (1980), a collaboration with writer Bob Arnebeck. Appel's imaginative black-and-white collages illustrated Arnebeck's profiles of people and animals. In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Appel wrote a half-dozen genre novels, but was unable to get them published. He finally scored with "Time After Time", published in 1985 by Carroll & Graf. The story follows New School history professor Alex Balfour as he is tossed back and forth between present-day New York City and the Russian Revolution of 1917. While seeking an explanation for his unusual situation, Alex attempts to save Czar Nicholas and his family. In the course of the novel, he encounters Ivan Pavlov, Vladimir Lenin, Leon Trotsky and Grigory Rasputin. Along with favorable reviews, the novel received recognition from the American Library Association as one of the Best Young Adult Novels of the Year. The novel gained more readers in a Dell Laurel Edition with cover art by renowned illustrator Fred Marcellino, and it was reprinted again as a Dell mass-market paperback in 1990. "Time After Time" is the first of what became known as the "Alex Balfour" series, although the author usually refers to it as the "Pastmaster" series. The appearance of real-life historical figures became an expected device in the series. Mark Twain and George Armstrong Custer are featured prominently in "Twice Upon a Time" (1988), an American Library Association nominee in the Best Young Adult Novels of the Year category. Orson Welles, Rita Hayworth and Franklin D. Roosevelt are characters in "Till the End of Time" (1990), another ALA nominee. "In Time of War" (2003) takes place during the American Civil War, and Ambrose Bierce is a major character. "Sea of Time", set aboard the "Titanic", was written in 1987 but went unpublished until late 2012 when it was released as a Kindle eBook on Amazon by the author. Appel's work as a photographer is represented by the Kathleen Ewing Gallery. </doc> <doc id="2341728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341728" title="Elisabeth Murdoch (businesswoman)"> Elisabeth Murdoch (businesswoman) Elisabeth Murdoch (born 22 August 1968) is an Australian-born American media executive based in the United Kingdom. Murdoch is the second daughter of Australian-born American multi-billionaire media proprietor Rupert Murdoch. She was a non-executive chairperson of Shine Group, the UK-based TV program production company she founded in 2001, until the company's parent, her father's 21st Century Fox on 1 January 2015 merged its Shine division with ApolloGlobal Management's Endemol and Core Media production houses, specializing in reality TV. Elisabeth Murdoch was born on 22 August 1968 in Sydney. Her father is Rupert Murdoch and her mother, Anna Murdoch Mann (born 1944). She was named after her grandmother, Dame Elisabeth Murdoch. She completed her secondary education at the Brearley School in New York City and graduated with a bachelor's degree from Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York. Murdoch began her career as a manager of program acquisitions at her father's FX Networks, a cable television unit based in Los Angeles. Operating as EP Communications, on 22 September 1994 Murdoch and her then-husband, Elkin Kwesi Pianim, purchased a pair of NBC-affiliate television stations, KSBW and KSBY, in California on a US$35 million loan secured by her father. Within 18 months, the couple reorganized and sold the stations at a $12 million profit. Murdoch moved with Pianim to the United Kingdom where Rupert Murdoch was running BSkyB after forcing a 1990 merger with BSB. The early years of BSkyB saw a hemorrhage of cash from Murdoch's News Corporation funds. To help turn around the financial fortunes of the company, New Zealand television executive Sam Chisholm was brought on board to manage the day-to-day operations and build the subscriber base, with Elisabeth Murdoch as his second-in-command and "de facto" apprentice. By the time Chisholm left the company, BSkyB was the most profitable company in the United Kingdom. As managing director, Elisabeth oversaw BSkyB's £12 million sponsorship of the troubled Millennium Dome, to the relief of its Cabinet overseer, Peter Mandelson. However, she also faced criticism after brokering her father's failed £623.4 million bid for England's champion Manchester United team. After quarrelling publicly with Chisholm, she ventured out on her own as a television and film producer in London. She advocated Sky setting up a film and production unit similar to BBC Films and Film4 Productions. However, due to lack of success, this unit closed down, and she founded Shine Limited in March 2001, with 80 percent ownership retained by herself, 15 percent by Lord Alli, and five percent by BSkyB. BSkyB signed a deal guaranteeing to buy an agreed amount of Shine programming for two years. In 2011, Shine was acquired by News Corporation in a controversial deal that raised questions about nepotism. In February 2013 Elisabeth was assessed as the fifth most powerful woman in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4. Murdoch's first marriage was to a fellow Vassar graduate, Elkin Kwesi Pianim, an associate in the New York corporate finance department of the Rothschild investment bank. He is the son of economist and financier Andrews Kwame Pianim (a native of Ghana) and Cornelia Pianim (a native of the Netherlands). The wedding was held on 10 September 1993 at St. Timothy Roman Catholic Church near the Beverly Hills residence of the bride's parents. They have two children: They were divorced in 1998. Murdoch's second marriage was to public relations executive Matthew Freud, the son of former MP Sir Clement Freud and great-grandson of Sigmund Freud. The couple married on 18 August 2001 in a ceremony at Blenheim Palace. They divorced in 2014. They have two children: From 2008, they resided at Burford Priory in Oxfordshire, where they were key members of the Chipping Norton set. They also owned a home in Notting Hill, London. In 2017, Murdoch married artist Keith Tyson. Murdoch is a dual national of the United States and the United Kingdom. Murdoch currently resides in the St John's Wood neighborhood of London. </doc> <doc id="2341729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341729" title="Murray Van Wagoner"> Murray Van Wagoner Murray Delos Van Wagoner (March 18, 1898June 12, 1986) was an American politician. He served as the 38th Governor of Michigan from 1941 to 1943. Van Wagoner was born near Kingston, Michigan in Tuscola County. In 1921, he received a civil engineering degree from the University of Michigan. He worked for a firm in the private sector, and became the owner of his own company. He married Helen Jossman and they had two children together. He served as Oakland County drain commissioner from 1930 until 1933, when he became Michigan State Highway commissioner, a position he held until he was elected governor in 1940. Van Wagoner was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1936 and 1940, both of which re-nominated Franklin D. Roosevelt for U.S. President. On November 5, 1940, he defeated the incumbent Republican Governor of Michigan, Luren Dickinson, by 131,281 votes to become Michigan's 38th governor. During his two years in office, he encouraged the construction of road projects and most famously the Mackinac Bridge, the elimination of a 27 million dollar deficit occurred, the state mental hospital was reinstated, a consolidated tax collection department was established, worker strikes involving the auto and electrical industries were dealt with, the reorganization of the Michigan civil service system was initialized, and measures were secured for the war effort. In 1942, Van Wagoner was unsuccessful for re-election against Republican Harry Kelly. Van Wagoner was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1944, which re-nominated President Roosevelt for his fourth term. In 1946, he ran for governor again and was defeated by Republican Kim Sigler. In October 1947, General Lucius D. Clay appointed Van Wagoner to the post of military governor of Bavaria, succeeding Brigadier General Walter J. Muller.. While military governor, he warned Bavarian Minister-PresidentHans Ehard against replacing non-Nazi public servants with former Nazis. Van Wagoner resigned the post in November 1949. He was a delegate to the 1952 Democratic National Convention, which nominated Adlai Stevenson for President of the United States. Stevenson lost the general election to General Dwight D. Eisenhower. Van Wagoner retired from political life and returned to his engineering interests. He was a member of American Legion, Freemasons, Elks, and the National Exchange Club. He died at the age of eighty-eight in Farmington Hills, Michigan. He is interred at White Chapel Memorial Park Cemetery of Troy. Today the Michigan Department of Transportation building in Lansing is named after him, "The Murray Van Wagoner Transportation Building". </doc> <doc id="2341740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341740" title="Alasdair Whittle"> Alasdair Whittle Alasdair W. R. Whittle FLSW FBA is Distinguished Research Professor in Archaeology at Cardiff University, specialising in the Neolithic period. He is also a Founding Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales. </doc> <doc id="2341742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341742" title="Causses"> Causses The Causses are a group of limestone plateaus (700–1,200 m) in the Massif Central. They are bordered to the north-west by the Limousin and the Périgord uplands, and to the east by the Aubrac and the Cévennes. Large river gorges cut through the plateau, such as the Tarn, Dourbie, Jonte, Lot and Aveyron. "Causse" is an Occitan word meaning "limestone plateau". Arranged from the north-west to the south-east, the following plateaus are found: Many sites on the Causses are included in Natura 2000, notably the "Parc Naturel Régional des Grands Causses" on the Larzac, Méjean, and Noir plateaus. The Causses and the Cévennes, Mediterranean agro-pastoral Cultural Landscape was added to the UNESCO World Heritage list in 2011. </doc> <doc id="2341744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341744" title="Polystyrene sulfonate"> Polystyrene sulfonate Polystyrene sulfonates are polymers derived from polystyrene by the addition of sulfonate functional groups. They are widely used as ion-exchange resins to remove ions such as potassium, calcium, and sodium from solutions in technical or medical applications. Linear ionic polymers are generally water-soluble, whereas cross-linked materials (called resins) do not dissolve in water. These polymers are classified as polysalts and ionomers. Polystyrene sulfonate is usually supplied in either the sodium or calcium form. It is used as a potassium binder in acute and chronic kidney disease for people with hyperkalemia (abnormal high blood serum potassium levels). However, it is unclear if it is medically beneficial and there is concern about possible side effects when it is combined with sorbitol. Polystyrene sulfonates are given by mouth with a meal or rectally by retention enema. Under the name tolevamer, a polystyrene sulfonate was investigated by Genzyme as a toxin binding agent for the treatment of "Clostridium difficile" associated diarrhoea (CDAD), but it was never marketed. The drug is contraindicated in patients with obstructive bowel disease and in newborn children with reduced gut motility. Intestinal disturbances are common, including loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, and constipation. In rare cases, it has been associated with colonic necrosis. Changes in electrolyte blood levels such as hypomagnesemia, hypocalcemia, and hypokalemia may occur. Polystyrene sulfonates can bind to various drugs within the digestive tract and thus lower their absorption and effectiveness. Common examples include lithium, thyroxine, and digitalis. In September 2017, the FDA recommended separating the dosing of polystyrene sulfonate from any other oral medications by at least three hours to avoid any potential interactions. Cases of intestinal necrosis have been reported when this polymer was combined with sorbitol. Polystyrene sulfonates release sodium or calcium ions in the stomach in exchange for hydrogen ions. When the resin reaches the large intestine the hydrogen ions are exchanged for free potassium ions; the resin is then eliminated in the feces. The net effect is lowering the amount of potassium available for absorption into the blood and increasing the amount that is excreted via the feces. The effect is a reduction of potassium levels in the body. Tolevamer was designed to bind the enterotoxins rather than attack "Clostridium difficile" directly. Since it has no antibiotic properties, it does not harm the gut flora. Early studies used the sodium salt, but it was soon replaced with the potassium sodium salt to prevent hypokalaemia, which is often associated with diarrhea. Polystyrene sulfonic acid has the idealized formula (CHCHCHSOH). The material is prepared by sulfonation of polystyrene: Several methods exist for this conversion, which can lead to varying degree of sulfonation. Usually the polystyrene is crosslinked, which keeps the polymer from dissolving. Since the sulfonic acid group (SOH) is strongly acidic, this polymer neutralizes bases. In this way, various salts of the polymer can be prepared, leading to sodium, calcium, and other salts: These ion-containing polymers are called ionomers. Double substitutions of the phenyl rings are known to occur, even with conversions well below 100%. Crosslinking reactions are also found, where condensation of two sulfonic acid groups yields a sulfonyl crosslink. On the other hand, the use of milder conditions such as acetyl sulfate leads to incomplete sulfonation. Recently, the atom transfer radical polymerization (ATRP) of protected styrene sulfonates has been reported, leading to well defined linear polymers, as well as more complicated molecular architectures. In early 2008, a noninferiority study versus vancomycin or metronidazole for "Clostridium difficile" associated diarrhea (CDAD) found that about half of the patients in the tolevamer group did not complete the treatment, versus 25% in the vancomycin and 29% in the metronidazole groups. CDAD recurrence in patients reaching clinical success was reduced significantly by tolevamer (6% recurrence rate), vancomycin (18%) and metronidazole (19%). However, the good result of tolevamer is partly due to the high drop-out rate in this group. Since tolevamer did not reach its primary endpoint in this study, its development was halted. Polystyrene sulfonates are useful because of their ion exchange properties. Water softening is achieved by percolating hard water through a bed of the sodium form of cross-linked polystyrene sulfonate. The hard ions such as calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg) adhere to the sulfonate groups, displacing sodium ions. The resulting solution of sodium ions is softened. Sodium polystyrene sulfonate is used as a superplastifier in cement, as a dye improving agent for cotton, and as proton exchange membranes in fuel cell applications. In its acid form, the resin is used as a solid acid catalyst in organic synthesis. </doc> <doc id="2341748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341748" title="Andrew Colville"> Andrew Colville Andrew Colvile or Colville (born Wedderburn; 6 November 1779 – 3 February 1856) was a Scottish businessman, notable as the governor of the Hudson's Bay Company, a huge organisation set up for the North American fur trade but also instrumental in the early history of Canada. He was also chairman of the West India Docks. His grandfather, Sir John Wedderburn, 5th Baronet of Blackness, was involved with the Jacobite rising of 1745 and was convicted of treason. The punishment for this was threefold: the death penalty, the confiscation of all his estates (he had property at Inveresk), and the attainting of his family, including the baronetcy. At least two of his sons moved to Jamaica, including Andrew's uncle and father. The former, John Wedderburn of Ballendean, is notable for the civil case brought under Scots law by his former slave Joseph Knight. Andrew's father, James Wedderburn, set up as a doctor without academic qualification. After 28 years James had become a wealthy slave-owner and sugar planter. In 1773 James moved back to Inveresk (the estate had been restored) and married. At some point James changed his name from Wedderburn to Wedderburn Colvile. Andrew was born in 1779. His sister Jean married Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk, in 1807. His brother James Wedderburn (born c. 1782) was Solicitor General for Scotland until his death in 1822; his posthumous daughter Jemima Blackburn became a highly regarded artist, and played the role of an elder sister to James Clerk Maxwell, the physicist. Andrew's other legitimate brother was Peter Wedderburn Ogilvy, who became a sea captain; his sons went into the army. Andrew had a half-sibling whom he very publicly rejected: the son of his father by an enslaved woman in Jamaica. When the mixed-race Robert Wedderburn showed up at the family seat seeking to claim kinship, he was sent away with a flea in his ear. Following this rejection, Robert wrote "The Horrors of Slavery", which was circulated by the abolitionist movement.} Andrew furiously denied the claims, and in turn insulted Robert's mother. Andrew remained in Europe, inherited his father's estates and set up as a sugar broker (Wedderburn and Company). When his brother-in-law began buying into the Hudson's Bay Company, Andrew followed suit. By 1810 he was on the HBC board and worked to rationalize the company's administration. In 1820 he was largely responsible for sending out Sir George Simpson to take charge of HBC affairs in Canada. During Simpson's long administration (1820–60) the two worked closely together, one in London business circles and the other in the wilds of Canada. His first wife was Elizabeth Susannah, daughter of John Wedderburn of Clapham, but she died in 1803, only a year after their marriage. They had no children, but he inherited the Wedderburn estate in Jamaica. In 1806, he married the Hon. Mary Louisa Eden, fifth daughter of William Eden, 1st Baron Auckland, and was thus connected to an influential family of politicians and diplomats. The couple had four sons and 12 daughters: Fort Colvile, a HBC trading post, was named for him. It was abandoned in 1870 and flooded over by the Grand Coulee Dam in 1940. The Colville people derive their name from their association with this trading post. </doc> <doc id="2341759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341759" title="Marianne North"> Marianne North Marianne North (24 October 1830 – 30 August 1890) was a prolific English Victorian biologist and botanical artist, notable for her plant and landscape paintings, her extensive foreign travels, her writings, her plant discoveries and the creation of her gallery at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. North was born in Hastings, England, the eldest daughter of a prosperous land-owning family descended from the Hon. Roger North, younger son of Dudley North, 4th Baron North. Her father was Frederick North, a Norfolk Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, and Liberal M.P. for Hastings. Her mother, Janet, was the daughter of Sir John Marjoribanks M.P., 1st Baronet of Lees in the County of Berwick. She was the eldest of three children. North trained as a vocalist under Charlotte Helen Sainton-Dolby, but her voice failed, and she then devoted herself to painting flowers. After the death of her mother in 1855, she constantly travelled with her father, who was then member of parliament for Hastings; and on his death in 1869 she decided to pursue her early ambition of painting the flora of distant countries. She began flower painting after the death of her mother in 1855. The family had homes in Hastings and London in this period. Her interest in botany may have stemmed from her father's acquaintance with Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker, director of Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. Her first watercolour landscapes were undertaken on a trip to Europe with her sister and father. After her sister married in 1864 and her father lost his seat in parliament, the two spent even more time travelling, visiting Switzerland and the South Tyrol. They travelled in Syria and along the Nile in 1865-67. Her father became ill in the Alps in 1869, and she brought him back to Hastings, where he died. She continued to paint as a way to assuage her grief. After her father's death in she travelled and made paintings in Sicily. In 1871–1872, she travelled to Canada, the United States and Jamaica, and spent a year in Brazil, where she did much of her work at a hut in the depths of a forest. In 1875, after a few months in Tenerife, she began a journey round the world, and for two years painted the flora of California, Japan, Borneo, Java and Ceylon. During her visits to California, she recorded her concern with the destruction of the redwoods. She spent all of 1878 in various parts of India. On her return to Britain, North exhibited a number of her drawings in London. She offered to give the collection to the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew, and to erect a gallery to house them. This offer was accepted, and the new buildings, designed by James Fergusson, were begun that year. At Charles Darwin's suggestion, North went to Australia in 1880, and for a year painted there and in New Zealand. On her return, she presented Darwin the shrub 'Australian Sheep' ("Raoulia eximia") as a gift and showed him her Australian pictures. Her paintings of "Banksia attenuata", "B. grandis" and "B. robur" were highly regarded. Her gallery at Kew was opened in 1882. In 1883, after a visit to South Africa, during which trip she called on the botanical artist Katharine Saunders, an additional room was opened at the Kew gallery, and in 1884–1885 North worked in the Seychelles and in Chile. When ill-health curtailed her travelling she moved to Alderley, Gloucestershire where she died on 30 August 1890 and is buried in the local churchyard. The scientific accuracy with which she documented plant life in all parts of the world, before photography became a practical option, gives her work a permanent value. A number of plant species are named in her honour, including "Areca northiana", "Crinum northianum", "Kniphofia northiana", "Nepenthes northiana", and the genus name "Northia". Kew Gardens claims that the North Gallery (situated in the east section of the gardens) is "the only permanent solo exhibition by a female artist in Britain". In 2008 Kew obtained a substantial grant from the National Lottery, which enabled it to mount a major restoration of both the gallery and the paintings inside. On 26 September 2016, BBC 4 television station broadcast "Kew's forgotten queen". The documentary told the story of North's life. </doc> <doc id="2341763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341763" title="Caroline Malone"> Caroline Malone Caroline Malone (born 10 October 1957) is a British academic and archaeologist, currently Professor of Prehistory at Queen's University, Belfast School of Natural and Built Environment http://www.qub.ac.uk/schools/nbe/, and formerly Senior Tutor of Hughes Hall, Cambridge, UK. Prior to this she was editor of "Antiquity" and Keeper of the Department of Prehistory and Early Europe at the British Museum. She began her career as curator at the Alexander Keillor Museum at Avebury. Her research interests include fieldwork in peninsular Italy (since 1983), Malta (since 1987), and Troina in Sicily (since 1997), and currently in Britain. Specific topics include archaeological theory and practice; Neolithic and Copper Age societies of Britain, Europe, Mediterranean, and Italy; island societies and island archaeology; landscape and settlement archaeology: cultural resource management: artefacts and technology: fieldwork and survey. Malone headed a successful European Research Council bid for an Advanced Research Project entitled FRAGSUS which commenced in 2013. This project collaborates with institutions in Malta and investigates the environmental impact of early colonists in Malta, and excavated at the Neolithic temple sites of Ggantija, Santa Verna, Kordin III and Skorba as well as Tac Cawla and the Bronze Age site of In Nuffara in an attempt to explored chronology, economy and landscape. Malone graduated BA at the University of Cambridge in 1980, holds an MA in Archaeology and Anthropology, and was awarded a Ph.D in Archaeology by Cambridge University in 1986. She is married to Cambridge archaeologist Simon Stoddart with whom she has directed fieldwork since 1983 and has two children. </doc> <doc id="2341773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341773" title="Ffyona Campbell"> Ffyona Campbell Ffyona Campbell (born 1967 in Totnes, Devon) is an English long distance walker who walked around the world. She covered over 11 years and raised £180,000 for charity. She wrote about her experience in a series of three books. Born in 1967, into a family with a long Royal Naval tradition. During her childhood and early teens the Campbells moved home 24 times – which resulted in Ffyona attending 15 schools. After leaving home and school at 16, she raised the necessary sponsorship to enable her to walk from John o' Groats to Lands End. Walking 20 to 25 miles a day six days a week, she completed the journey in 49 days and was the youngest person at that time to have done it. Through sponsorship of the London "Evening Standard", she raised £25,000 for the Royal Marsden Cancer Hospital. At 18, she set off from New York City crossing the United States towards Los Angeles. The media schedule to coincide with the sponsors' public relations events en route was demanding, requiring hours of interviews at the end of each long day. During this part of the walk she became pregnant and had an abortion, and secretly covered 1000 miles of the journey in her back-up van. At 21 she walked across Australia, 50 miles a day for 3,200 miles from Sydney to Perth in 95 days, beating the men's record for this journey. She suffered severe sunburn, dehydration as well as intense blistering of the feet but was determined not to miss out any miles. She wrote about this journey in her book "Feet of Clay". On 2 April 1991, she left Cape Town, South Africa and walked the length of Africa covering over before arriving in Tangiers, Morocco two years later on 1 September 1993. She had been joined by her former boyfriend, British survival expert Ray Mears, for five months during the journey through Zaire after an uprising had forced her and her team to abandon the support vehicle and be evacuated by the French Foreign Legion along with all the other expats. She was able to return to central Africa within weeks of the evacuation and continued walking from the place she had left. During the stretch across the Sahara, she walked an extra 4,000 km around a war zone to avoid missing out any steps. She reached Tangiers and was greeted by the international media. The walk raised awareness of Survival International, an organisation which helps protect the lives of threatened tribal people. She wrote about this journey in her book "On Foot through Africa". In April 1994, she left Algeciras, Spain and walked through Europe on the Via de la Plata through Spain, through France, crossing to Britain at Dover. She then completed the last walking from Dover back to John o' Groats accompanied by young people from Raleigh International who came to find out just how far they could walk if they really put their minds to it. She arrived at John O'Groat's, the world's end, on 14 October 1994. She was shadowed by a BBC film crew and presenter Janet Street-Porter. At the time, Campbell was hailed as the first woman to walk around the world. Campbell raised half the amount for charity in one go when one of the organisers at Raleigh International sold the advertising space on her forehead during her well-publicised return. After a period in hospital for a back operation, she walked across America again for her own personal satisfaction as she had had to miss out a section in the middle due to her pregnancy. She wrote about that journey in her final book, "The Whole Story". The media castigated her for her initial deception. Inspired by the hunter-gatherers she met on her journey – Aborigines, Bushmen, Pygmies and Native Americans – Campbell returned to Australia after the end of the world walk to live with the Aborigines. After three months she returned to Britain to learn how to be a hunter-gatherer in her own country and to work out what had separated us from the life we must have loved so much. She wrote about her adventures in her fourth book, "The Hunter-Gatherer Way" and is now teaching others how to be hunter-gatherers in Britain through her company Wild Food Walks based in Devon. </doc> <doc id="2341786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341786" title="Laleh (singer)"> Laleh (singer) Laleh Pourkarim (, , ; born 10 June 1982) is a Swedish singer-songwriter, record producer, guitarist, pianist, actress and record company manager. Following a short acting career, she entered the music industry in 2005 with her self-titled debut album which peaked at number one in Sweden and went on to become the highest selling album of the year. She has since released five further albums, all of which have been produced, written, recorded, engineered and performed by herself. She has sung in both English and Swedish, in addition to her parents' native tongue, Persian. In 2011, she participated in the Swedish television show "Så mycket bättre", which sees a number of artists create new interpretations of the others' songs. Her performances on the show were lauded by both critics and the public. Following the show, it was noted in the media that she had been given "a second breakthrough". Her 2012 album, "Sjung", was released across Scandinavia on 25 January 2012 to generally positive reviews. The lead single from "Sjung", "Some Die Young" was a commercial hit across Scandinavia, peaking at number one in Norway for eight weeks and becoming the twentieth biggest selling single of all time in the country. It also went double platinum in Sweden and gave Laleh her second chart-hit in Denmark and first in Finland. Her latest album, "Colors", was released across Scandinavia in October 2013. She signed to Island Records in January 2014, and followed with the September 2014 release of the "Boom" EP. She uses her given name Laleh as her stage name. Laleh was born in the Northern Iranian harbour town of Bandar-e Anzali, but fled the country a year later with her parents to live in Azerbaijan, and later moving on to Minsk and a refugee camp in Tidaholm. Her given name means "tulip" in Persian. She moved to Sweden when she was twelve (she has dual citizenship), and in her teenage years moved to Gothenburg to attend school in the multicultural district of Angered. At Hvitfeldtska High School she was enrolled in the music program, growing up with classical music, ballet and circus music. She was later interested in punk, reggae and jazz music. She also learned to play guitar, and as a teenager formed a jazz ensemble with her music teacher named Bejola. She went on to teach herself to play percussion and saxophone. She is the daughter of Houshang Pourkarim, who died in 1994. An opponent of the Islamic regime in Tehran, he was an artist, journalist and prominent Iranian ethnologist and rural sociologist from Bandar-e Anzali. During her appearance on Så mycket bättre, she discussed her tough childhood, moving from country to country, and how she witnessed her father's death. At a summer camp in 1994, he tried to rescue a woman who had fallen from her canoe into the water. As Houshang paddled out to help her, the canoe overturned. The woman survived but Laleh's father drowned. Laleh's mother, Atef, was a refugee from Georgia via Azerbaijan before she went to Iran to study comparative literature at the University of Tehran. Once the family arrived in Sweden, Laleh learned Swedish in eleven days, according to a media account of her biography. Beginning her career in acting, she had a major role in the Swedish movie "Jalla! Jalla!", directed by Josef Fares, which was a big success at the Swedish box office in 2000. Laleh moved to Stockholm in 2010 following a short stint in Skellefteå. Until 2011 she was known for her reluctance to give interviews, but more recently she has been more accessible to the media, including appearing on talk shows and other TV programs, a move that has benefited her career. Laleh began her music career in 2003. She founded her own production and publishing company 'Lost Army' and signed a recording and distribution contract with Warner Music Sweden before recording her first studio album. The sound of her early songs have been compared to adult contemporary artists such as Sting and Seal. She wrote, performed, and produced her self-titled debut, which was released in the spring of 2005 and saw a percentage of the proceeds go to charity. It became the highest selling album of the year with a recorded seventy-one weeks in the top sixty and reached number one on the Swedish chart. Critical praise was heaped on the album upon its release, although some noted that the album was too sprawling and genre-hopping. The first single from the album was "Invisible (My Song)", which peaked at number seven in Sweden in February 2012. Follow-up "Storebror" failed to chart, but next single, "Live Tomorrow" had even greater success than "Invisible" and ended up at the top of Sveriges Radio P3's radio show "Tracks" ("Trackslistan") for several weeks. It peaked at number twenty on the Sverigetopplistan and also charted in Denmark. During 2005 she won numerous awards, including at the Swedish Grammis, where she received seven nominations and picked up three wins, including "Artist of the Year", "Producer of the Year", and "New Artist of the Year". She was also nominated four times at the 2006 P3 Guld Awards and won "Newcomer of the Year" and "Best Female Artist". In 2006, "Prinsessor" ("Princesses") was released and peaked at number three on the Swedish album chart. The album stayed on the chart for twenty-nine weeks, but failed to yield any charting singles, despite four releases. Unlike its predecessor which won numerous awards, "Prinsessor", was met with mixed reviews from Swedish critics, who saw the album as far too sprawling and sensed a loss of her "uniqueness". After taking a break, Laleh returned to release her third studio album in 2009, "Me and Simon". It contained a more folk pop sound than previous rock or soul-tinged tracks which has been attributed to the surroundings of moving from a big city to the northern Swedish town of Skellefteå in 2006. One of the nature reserves in the town was her inspiration for "Bjurö klubb". It was met with mixed to positive reviews by Swedish critics. The first single released from the album "Simon Says" peaked at number forty-one on the Swedish Singles Chart. Due to strong downloads from the album, the first track from the LP, "Big City Love", also charted at number thirty-two. It was later released as a single in May 2009 but failed to return to the chart. Two further releases, "Bjurö klubb" and "Mysteries" failed to chart at the time. During these years, Laleh toured in several Scandinavian countries, Britain and Germany but has previously hinted that she is hesitant to launch overseas, saying she wants to be more prepared and develop fully as an artist. In 2011 she took part in the second season of Swedish reality TV show Så mycket bättre ("So much better") on TV4. The show puts well-known Swedish musicians up against each other to create new interpretations of the other artists songs. She participated along with Timbuktu, Eva Dahlgren, Lena Philipsson, E-Type, Tomas Ledin and Mikael Wiehe and soon emerged as the favourite with her cover versions regularly topping the Swedish iTunes download charts and the official Sverigetopplistan downloads chart following the release of the weekly compilations of the week's covers from the show. Laleh's cover of Eva Dahlgren "Ängeln I Rummet" ("Angel in the Room") reached number six on the official Swedish Singles Chart whilst topping the downloads chart in December 2011 to become her most successful song in Sweden to date in terms of peak chart position and until the release of "Some Die Young" sales too. Similarly her renditions of Tomas Ledin's "Just Nu" ("Right Now") and Timbuktu's "Alla vill till himmelen men ingen vill dö" ("Everyone wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die") peaked at number 25, whilst "Here I Go Again" peaked at number one on the digital chart. During the showings of Så mycket bättre, Laleh broke a Swedish digital chart record by having ten songs on the top sixty list, including nine inside the top 40, as a number of catalogue songs returned to the chart, including the first placement for "Bjurö klubb". Additionally two interpretations of her songs by other artists appeared, bringing a total of twelve songs with her involvement in the chart at once. "Tolkningarna" ("Interpretations"), an extended play of all of the songs she performed on the show was released digitally on 25 December 2011 and was also bundled with the physical release of her following studio album. Her fourth studio album was originally due to be released in December 2011 to coincide with her appearance on Så mycket bättre, but was postponed due to scheduling difficulties with the show. The name, artwork, release date and track listing of the album were announced in December. "Sjung" ("Sing") was released on 25 January 2012 across Scandinavia to positive reviews, with "Some Die Young" serving as the lead single, released three days earlier. The album peaked at number one on the Swedish chart for four weeks, and also charted at number one in Norway. The single peaked at number nine on the Swedish Singles Chart and number one in Norway for eight consecutive weeks. "Vårens Första Dag" was released as the album's second single in May 2012. A tour to promote the album was performed with fifteen dates across Sweden beginning in March and concluding in April 2012., and one event in Oslo, Norway. The tour was successful, with generally sold out venues, with the Gothenburg concert with 6.400 attendants as the top event. She did a festival tour in Sweden and Norway during the summer of 2012. She performed at the memorial concert for the victims of 2011 Norway attacks and the Nobel Peace Prize Concert, both in Oslo. In July 2013, it was announced that Laleh had signed with Universal Music Germany. Her first release in the territory was a re-worked version of "Some Die Young", issued on 30 August 2013. "Colors", her first international LP followed in the autumn with a mixture of newly recorded tracks and previously released songs. A new music video for "Some Die Young" was created for the German release. In 2014 she moved to Los Angeles, in order to promote her music internationally, and to write and produce songs for other artists. She released her "Boom" EP with Island in September 2014. Her song "Speaking of Truth" was featured in the E! Channel original scripted series The Royals in March 2015. In 2015, Laleh co-wrote "Stone Cold", "Yes" and "Father" from Demi Lovato's fifth studio album, "Confident", and two songs for Tori Kelly's first album Unbreakable Smile. She is also featured on Adam Lambert's new single "Welcome to the Show". Lambert and Laleh performed live at American Idol. Even whilst living in US, she wrote, recorded, and produced a new album, called "Kristaller," with ten songs, five of them in Swedish. In late 2016 she toured in Sweden, performing in indoor arenas, including selling out the Ericsson Globe Arena. Her show included a symphony orchestra. </doc> <doc id="2341811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341811" title="Ketotifen"> Ketotifen Ketotifen, sold under the brand name Zaditor among others, is a first-generation noncompetitive H-antihistamine and mast cell stabilizer. It is most commonly sold as a salt with fumaric acid, ketotifen fumarate, and is available in two forms. In its ophthalmic form, it is used to treat allergic conjunctivitis. In its oral form, it is used to prevent asthma attacks or Anaphylaxis, as well as various mast cell, allergic-type disorders. Ketotifen relieves and prevents eye itchiness and/or irritation associated with most seasonal allergies. It starts working within minutes after administering the drops. The drug has not been studied in children under three. The mean elimination half life is 12 hours. Besides its anti-histaminic activity, it is also a functional leukotriene antagonist and a phosphodiesterase inhibitor. "[O]ral ketotifen has been used in patients with asthma, allergic rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, atopic dermatitis, chronic urticaria, cold-induced urticaria, cholinergic urticaria, exercise-induced urticaria, [systemic mast cell disease including mastocytosis, MCAS, allergic and nonallergic anaphylaxis, angioedema], and food allergy in Canada, Europe, and Mexico." Now available via prescription at US compounding pharmacies: "For adults and older children with asthma or allergic disease, the recommended dose of ketotifen is 1 mg twice daily." "FDA staff did recommend more extensive evaluations for management of urticaria." The drug may also help relieve irritable bowel syndrome. Side effects include drowsiness, weight gain, dry mouth, irritability, and increased nosebleeds. Ketotifen is a selective antihistamine – that is, an inverse agonist of the histamine H receptor (K = 0.166 nM) – and mast cell stabilizer. In addition, ketotifen has weak anticholinergic (K = 204 nM for ) and antiserotonergic (K = 38.9 nM for 5-HT) activity. However, at the dosages in which it is typically used clinically, both the anticholinergic and antiserotonergic activity of ketotifen are said not to be appreciable. Ketotifen is marketed under many brand names worldwide. </doc> <doc id="2341816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341816" title="Paul Ssemogerere"> Paul Ssemogerere Paul Kawanga Ssemogerere (born 1932 in Kisubi, Uganda) was the leader of the Democratic Party in Uganda for 25 years and one of the main players in Ugandan politics until his retirement in 2005. Ssemogerere was born on 11 February 1932 in Kisubi, Uganda. He attended St. Henry's College Kitovu for his high school. He received a Diploma in Education from the Makerere University in Kampala, subsequently he studied the Politics and Government Program at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. In 1979 he obtained a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in Public Administration from Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York. Between 1957 and 1973 he taught at various colleges in Uganda. In 1961–62 Ssemogerere was Elected Member of the Uganda Legislative Council and afterwards of the National Assembly of Uganda as MP for North Mengo Constituency. In 1972, he replaced Benedicto Kiwanuka as the leader of the Democratic Party, having previously served as his Parliamentary Secretary. Following the 1971 coup, Ssemogerere was in exile until 1979, when he returned as Minister of Labour. Ssemogerere was the Presidential Candidate in the disputed 1980 General elections which were won by Milton Obote's Uganda People's Congress. Ssemogerere then became the leader of the parliamentary opposition from 1981–85. He was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs during the Presidency of Tito Okello (1985–86). After Yoweri Museveni became president in January 1986 following a coup, Ssemogerere was consecutively Minister of Internal Affairs (1986–88), Foreign Affairs (1988–94) and Public Service (1994–95) and at the same time held the post of Deputy Prime Minister in Museveni's National Resistance Movement government (from 1986). He resigned from his government posts in June 1995 because he was the Presidential Candidate for the mainstream opposition, but he lost the 1996 Presidential elections to Museveni. Ssemogerere has also been a delegate to the Organisation for African Unity (OAU), and was Chairman of the OAU Council of Ministers from 1993 to 1994. After his retirement from politics in November 2005, he was succeeded as party president by John Ssebaana Kizito, the Mayor of Kampala. Ssemogerere is married to Germina Namatovu Ssemogerere, a Professor of Economics at Makerere University. Their children include Grace Nabatanzi (1963–2011), who married Gerald Ssendaula, Karoli Ssemogerere an American trained lawyer, Anna Namakula a public policy analyst with the Foundation for African Development, Immaculate Kibuuka a fashion designer and Paul Semakula an ICT Consultant. He is a member of the Roman Catholic religion. </doc> <doc id="2341821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341821" title="Croatian Football Super Cup"> Croatian Football Super Cup The Croatian Football Super Cup () is a football match between the winners of the Croatian First League and the Croatian Football Cup. The Super Cup is always held at the beginning of a new football season, and is only held when different clubs win the two most important competitions in the previous season (i.e. the match is not played when a club completes The Domestic Double). Since the establishment of Croatian football competitions in 1992, the two local powerhouses Dinamo Zagreb and Hajduk Split won Doubles on nine occasions (Dinamo Zagreb 8 and Hajduk Split 1), the Super Cup wasn't held in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2015. In addition, the Super Cup was not played on three more occasions for various reasons - in 1999 Dinamo refused to play Osijek saying the fixture did not fit into their schedule and in 2000 and 2001 Hajduk and Dinamo could not agree on the rules and whether it should be played as a single match or over two legs, and in what order. In 2002 the Croatian Football Federation took over the organisation of the Super Cup and made it an official single-legged fixture, with 30 minutes of extra time followed by a penalty shoot-out if necessary, which must be played a week before the following football season kicks off. Since 2002, the match has always been hosted by the club which won the league title, with the exception of 2002 when NK Zagreb were reigning champions, but chose to "host" the match at crosstown rivals Dinamo's Maksimir Stadium saying that playing at Maksimir would help them prepare for their upcoming UEFA Champions League qualifying fixture. Their home stadium at Kranjčevićeva had been declared unfit for UEFA competitions and were forced to host their European ties at Maksimir. Hajduk Split (5 times), Dinamo Zagreb (5 times) and Rijeka (1 time) are the only clubs who won the Super Cup. Six out of eleven Super Cups played so far have been decided in Eternal Derbies featuring Hajduk and Dinamo. Only five clubs participated in the Super Cup since 1992. Osijek also qualified for the Super Cup by winning the 1998–99 Croatian Football Cup, but the match was not held as clubs could not agree on the date of the fixture. "4–4 on aggregate, Hajduk Split won on away goals" "1–1 on aggregate, Hajduk Split won 4–3 on penalty shoot-out" </doc> <doc id="2341823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341823" title="Mandalay Bay Events Center"> Mandalay Bay Events Center Mandalay Bay Events Center is a 12,000-seat indoor arena at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, on the Las Vegas Strip, in Paradise, Nevada. It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International and hosts a number of various music, basketball, boxing and mixed martial arts events. The Events Center hosts boxing matches, including the high-profile Amir Khan vs. Zab Judah Light welterweight title unification match on July 23, 2011. As of July 2018, the Mandalay Bay Events Center has held 31 Ultimate Fighting Championship events, starting with UFC 33, and most recently, UFC Fight Night 88. It held the largest Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) weigh-in show in history in conjunction with International Fight week and held 10,000 fans. The 999th episode of "WWE Raw" was held at the arena on July 16, 2012, the first time the WWE played at Mandalay Bay. The first National Basketball Association game on the Las Vegas Strip since 1981 was at the Mandalay Bay Events Center on October 6, 2012, a preseason contest between the Denver Nuggets and the Los Angeles Clippers. The teams returned for preseason games in 2013 and 2014. In 2016, it hosted the NCAA Men's basketball postseason tournament Vegas 16. The NBA and WNBA officially announced on October 17, 2017 that the San Antonio Stars would relocate from San Antonio, Texas and would be playing at the Mandalay Bay Events Center starting in the 2018 season as the Las Vegas Aces. They played their first home game on May 27, 2018. The 2016 Spring North American League of Legends Championship Series Finals were hosted at the Mandalay Bay Events Center on April 16 and 17, 2016. The Grand Finals of Evo 2016, Evo 2017, and Evo 2018 were hosted in the Mandalay Bay Events Center. The WNBA All-Star Game will be held at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in July 2019. Rock band Journey performed at the arena in December 2000 which was filmed for the Journey 2001 DVD. It has hosted the Latin Grammy Awards six times. The Latin Grammys were held at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in 2007 and from 2009 to 2013. VH1 held the first two Rock Honors ceremonies in this facility in 2006 and 2007. It was the host of Yanni's Yanni Live! The Concert Event, in 2006. The arena hosted Crüe Fest on August 1, 2008. It played host to 311's biennial 3-11 Day concert on March 11, 2010. The band played four sets with 60 songs total. The arena hosted the 2010 revival of the Lilith Fair on July 9. On August 23, 2010 the arena served as the venue for Miss Universe 2010 where at the conclusion of the event Ximena Navarrete of Mexico was crowned as the winner. January 28, 2011, Ozzy Osbourne performed as part of his tour for his new album "Let Me Hear You Scream". The cast of "Glee" were there on the first stop on their Glee Live! In Concert! tour on May 21, 2011. On May 14, 2017 the arena hosted Miss USA 2017 pageant. The 25th "Billboard" Latin Music Awards was held in the Events Center on April 26, 2018. </doc> <doc id="2341825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341825" title="Dominique Antoine Magaud"> Dominique Antoine Magaud Dominique Antoine Jean-Baptiste Magaud (4 August 1817, Marseille - 23 December 1899, Marseille) was a French painter, muralist and art school director. He came from a middle-class family and began his career as a customs weigher for the Old Port of Marseilles. In 1839, he decided to start new career and enrolled at the local art academy. After graduating, he completed his studies with Léon Cogniet at the École des Beaux-arts in Paris and remained there for a few years. When he returned to Marseille, he became a decorative painter, specializing in cafés. In 1853, his paintings of Amphitrite and Bacchus, on the ceiling at the "Café des Milles-Colonnes" (named after a famous establishment in Paris) secured his reputation. In 1858, he painted an allegorical scene of Marseille receiving the world's products at the "Café des Deux Mondes" and, in 1860, Cybele in a chariot pulled by lions, at the Grand Hôtel. All of this work has since disappeared. During his work on these commercial enterprises, the Jesuits commissioned him to decorate the large meeting room at their Religious Association; a building originally occupied by the congregation of Saint Vincent de Paul, dating from 1643. It had recently been enlarged and remodeled under the direction of Marseille's Chief Architect, Pascal Coste. Magaud worked on this project from 1856 to 1864 and created fifteen murals that portrayed the contributions Catholicism had made to civilization. Among these were a scene of Columbus landing at San Salvador and one of Alessandro Volta contemplating God while in his laboratory. They were arranged around a large canvas, mounted on the ceiling, depicting the Virgin in heaven, surrounded by angels, which is now gone. Following this, he received a major commission from the Prefect, Charlemagne de Maupas, to decorate the new headquarters building for the Prefecture of Bouches-du-Rhône, which was still under construction. From 1865 to 1873, he created eight ceilings with allegorical subjects and thirty-two miscellaneous murals in the offices. While engaged in this massive project, the Chamber of Commerce enlisted him to take over the work of painting the ceiling in the Bourse. This painting, "L'Apothéose des grands hommes de Provence", was destroyed by a bombing in 1944. In 1866, he was named a member of the Académie de Marseille and, three years later, was appointed Director of his old alma mater, the "École des Beaux-Arts de Marseille". After completing work at the Bourse, he devoted himself almost entirely to the school. During his twenty-seven year tenure, the number of professors increased from three to eighteen. Two painters and five sculptors who had studied there won the Prix de Rome. In 1886, he became a Knight of the Légion d'Honneur. Just two years before his retirement, in 1894, he decorated the school's ballroom. </doc> <doc id="2341827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341827" title="Ringland, Newport"> Ringland, Newport Ringland is both an electoral ward (district) and community (parish) of the city of Newport, South Wales. The ward is bounded by Ringland Way to the east, the southern boundary of Llanwern High School to the south, Balfe Rd, Aberthaw Rd, Ringland Circle, Ringwood Avenue, across Chepstow Rd, Mountbatten close and behind Chiltern Close and Glanwern Grove to the west and the M4 motorway to the north. Most of the houses and flats and shopping centre were built by the local council during the 1950s and 1960s, most of houses have generous sized gardens . Ringland is close to junction 24 of the motorway also 12 minutes drive from Newport Railway Station. Ringland has green spaces around the area including Ringland Wood run by the Woodland Trust. PLANS to transform Ringland into an "attractive, vibrant and modern" community have been submitted by Newport City Homes (NCH). The multi-million pound plans were submitted at the end of November 2017. Unemployment and crime levels in Ringland are above the national average since the decline of the Llanwern steelworks. It is home to the 5-star Celtic Manor Resort on the north side of the M4. There were plans proposed in 2015 to invest in improvements to the shopping centre. In 2017 a permanent site for travellers or gypsies was created on Hartridge Farm Road. Archaeological remains dating from the Iron Age and Roman periods were found during the development. The area is governed by the Newport City Council. </doc> <doc id="2341829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341829" title="Golden Smog"> Golden Smog Golden Smog is a loosely connected group of musicians comprising, at various times, members of Soul Asylum, The Replacements, Wilco, The Jayhawks, Run Westy Run, The Honeydogs and Big Star. Golden Smog's lineup has often changed, but relative constants who appear on all the recordings are guitarists Kraig Johnson (Run Westy Run), Dan Murphy (Soul Asylum) and Gary Louris (The Jayhawks), along with bassist Marc Perlman (The Jayhawks). The group took their name from a nickname given to Fred Flintstone in "The Flintstones" episode "Hot Lips Hannigan", which, in turn, was a parody of singer Mel Tormé's nickname (The Velvet Fog). The definitive beginning of Golden Smog is hard to pinpoint given the mercurial nature of the band's lineup. However, some claim that the group that would evolve into Golden Smog debuted in January 1987, when a band billed as 'The Take It To The Limit Band' played an (almost) all-Eagles cover show at the Uptown Bar in Minneapolis. This band consisted of Dan Murphy and Dave Pirner (both of Soul Asylum), Jim Boquist (later of Son Volt), and Martin Zellar (Gear Daddies). The show ended with a cover of then Bangles hit song "Walk Like an Egyptian." This same group later played a Rolling Stones-themed show in 1989 under the band name "Her Satanic Majesty's Paycheck." The group first came together under the name "Golden Smog" in the Minneapolis area in 1989. The band was conceived as a country-rock reaction to the punk and hardcore music that dominated the Twin Cities' musical scene at the time. Eventually Golden Smog became something of a fixture at local clubs, where they would play a handful of shows annually, consisting almost entirely of cover songs. Membership in the early days of the band was loose and fluid, but in 1992, Dan Murphy and Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum, Gary Louris and Marc Perlman of The Jayhawks, Kraig Johnson of Run Westy Run, and drummer Chris Mars (of The Replacements) released Golden Smog's first CD, a covers EP entitled "On Golden Smog". All of the band members were credited under pseudonyms for this release as a result of contractual obligations to other record companies. Guest vocalist Bill Sullivan just didn't want his name on the project. Over the next few years, members of Golden Smog began adding original material to the group's repertoire, although cover songs would continue to be featured in concert and on record throughout their career. In 1995, the group released its full-length debut, "Down by the Old Mainstream" (recorded at Pachyderm Recording Studio), consisting of mostly original songs, with a handful of covers. By this time, Mars had left Golden Smog and the band consisted of Johnson, Murphy, Louris, and Perlman, along with two new members: Wilco frontman Jeff Tweedy and Honeydogs drummer Noah Levy. As with the band's debut EP, all of the band members were credited under pseudonyms (which consisted of their middle names and the names of the streets where they grew up) as performers—although they all used their real names in the writing credits. At a New Year's Eve show in 1996/97 Jody Stephens (of Big Star) took over for Noah on the drums, and subsequently became a full band member. Golden Smog then released their second full-length studio album "Weird Tales" in 1998, with all band members credited under their real names as both writers and performers. After a period of inactivity, in 2005 a new incarnation of Golden Smog formed and recorded the "Another Fine Day" album in the village of El Puerto de Santa María, Spain, produced by Paco Loco. At this point the band consisted of Johnson, Louris, Murphy and Perlman; guest performers on several tracks included Tweedy, Spanish female vocalist Muni Camón, drummers Linda Pitmon and Jody Stephens, and multi-instrumentalist Ed Ackerson. In the summer of 2006, the Johnson/Louris/Murphy/Perlman version of Golden Smog undertook a concert tour, augmented by a touring keyboardist and drummer. This same line-up of the band then issued "Blood on the Slacks" in 2007; with no permanent drummer, various drummers filled the position on this disc, including Pitmon, Ackerson, Peter Anderson and even Marc Perlman. </doc> <doc id="2341831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341831" title="James Geikie"> James Geikie James Murdoch Geikie PRSE FRS LLD (23 August 1839 – 1 March 1915) was a Scottish geologist. He was professor of geology at Edinburgh University from 1882 to 1914. He was born in Edinburgh, the son of James Stuart Geikie and Isabella Thom, and younger brother of Sir Archibald Geikie. His father was a wig-maker and perfumer in Edinburgh operating from 35 North Bridge. James was educated at the Royal High School, Edinburgh and initially apprenticed as a printer to Archibald Constable and Company before going to University of Edinburgh to study Geology. He served on the Geological Survey from 1862 until 1882, when he succeeded his brother as Murchison professor of geology and mineralogy at the University of Edinburgh. He took as his special subject of investigation the origin of surface-features, and the part played in their formation by glacial action. His views are embodied in his chief work, "The Great Ice Age and its Relation to the Antiquity of Man" (1874; 3rd ed., 1894). In 1871 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposer was his brother, Archibald Geikie. He served twice as vice-president (1892–97 and 1900–05) and once as president (1913–15). He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1875, his candidacy citation reading From 1861 he lived at 16 Duncan Street in Edinburgh. In 1882 he moved to London, returning to Edinburgh only in later life. Geikie became the leader of the school that upholds the all-important action of land-ice, as against those geologists who assign chief importance to the work of pack ice and icebergs. Continuing this line of investigation in his "Prehistoric Europe" (1881), he maintained the hypothesis of five inter-Glacial periods in Great Britain, and argued that the palaeolithic deposits of the Pleistocene period were not post- but inter- or pre-Glacial. His "Fragments of Earth Lore: Sketches and Addresses, Geological and Geographical" (1893) and "Earth Sculpture" (1898) are mainly concerned with the same subject. His "Outlines of Geology" (1886), a standard textbook of its subject, reached its third edition in 1896; and in 1905 he published an important manual on structural and field geology. In 1887 he displayed another side of his activity in a volume of "Songs and Lyrics by H. Heine and other German Poets, done into English Verse". From 1888 he was honorary editor of the "Scottish Geographical Magazine". In 1910 he was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society. In 1904 he was elected president of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society and held this role until 1910. In later life he lived at "Kilmorie", 83 Colinton Road in south-west Edinburgh, it then being a new house by the architect Edward Calvert. He died at home on 1 March 1915 and is buried on the western side of Morningside Cemetery, Edinburgh. John Muir (1838–1914) named a glacier in Alaska after Geikie. </doc> <doc id="2341832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341832" title="Misfeasance"> Misfeasance Misfeasance, nonfeasance and malfeasance are types of failure to discharge public obligations existing by common law, custom or statute. The Carta de Logu caused Eleanor of Arborea to be remembered as one of the first lawmakers to set up the crime of misfeasance. When a contract creates a duty that does not exist at common law, there are three things the parties can do wrong: For example, if a company hires a catering company to provide drinks and food for a retirement party, and the catering company fails to show up, it is considered nonfeasance. If the catering company shows up but provides only the drinks (but not the food, which was also paid for), it is considered misfeasance. If the catering company accepts a bribe from the client's competitor to undercook the meat, thereby giving those present food poisoning, it is considered malfeasance. The rule of law laid down is that an action in contract ("ex contractu") will lie for any of the three. However, an action in tort ("ex delicto") will lie only in misfeasance or malfeasance. The doctrine was formerly applied to certain callings carried on publicly. Now, the terms misfeasance and nonfeasance are most often used with reference to the conduct of municipal authorities with reference to the discharge of their statutory obligations; and it is an established rule that an action lies in favour of persons injured by misfeasance, by negligence in discharge of the duty but that in the case of nonfeasance the remedy is not by action but by indictment or "mandamus" or by the particular procedure prescribed by the statutes. This rule is fully established in the case of failure to repair public highways, but in other cases, the courts are astute to find evidence of carelessness in the discharge of public duties and on that basis to award damages to individuals who have suffered. Misfeasance is also used with reference to the conduct of directors and officers of joint-stock companies. The word is sometimes used as equivalent to malpractice by a medical practitioner. </doc> <doc id="2341838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341838" title="Henry Somerset, 9th Duke of Beaufort"> Henry Somerset, 9th Duke of Beaufort Captain Henry Adelbert Wellington FitzRoy Somerset, 9th Duke of Beaufort JP, DL (19 May 1847 – 24 November 1924), styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1853 and Marquess of Worcester between 1853 and 1899, was a British peer. Beaufort was the son of Henry Somerset, 8th Duke of Beaufort. He was educated at Eton College between 1860 and 1864. Beaufort became a cornet in 1865 in the Royal Horse Guards and was promoted to captain in 1869. He was aide-de-camp to Queen Victoria in 1899 and served as High Steward of Bristol in 1899. On 8 January 1900 he was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Brecknockshire. He was Hereditary Keeper of Raglan Castle. He gained the rank of honorary colonel in the service of the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars. He was a Justice of the Peace for Monmouthshire and Gloucestershire and a Deputy Lieutenant of Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire. Beaufort married Louise Emily Harford (1864–1945), widow of a Dutch nobleman (Baron Charles Frederic van Tuyll van Serooskerken, 1859–1893, leaving two sons), on 9 October 1895. They had three children: The 9th Duke of Beaufort died in 1924, aged 77, at Badminton House, Gloucestershire. He is buried at St Michael and All Angels Church, Badminton. </doc> <doc id="2341839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341839" title="Posterior vitreous detachment"> Posterior vitreous detachment A posterior vitreous detachment (PVD) is a condition of the eye in which the vitreous membrane separates from the retina. It refers to the separation of the posterior hyaloid membrane from the retina anywhere posterior to the vitreous base (a 3–4 mm wide attachment to the ora serrata). The condition is common for older adults; over 75% of those over the age of 65 develop it. Although less common among people in their 40s or 50s, the condition is not rare for those individuals. Some research has found that the condition is more common among women. When this occurs there is a characteristic pattern of symptoms: As a posterior vitreous detachment proceeds, adherent vitreous membrane may pull on the retina. While there are no pain fibers in the retina, vitreous traction may stimulate the retina, with resultant flashes that can look like a perfect circle. If a retinal vessel is torn, the leakage of blood into the vitreous cavity is often perceived as a "shower" of floaters. Retinal vessels may tear in association with a retinal tear, or occasionally without the retina being torn. A Weiss ring can sometimes be seen with ophthalmoscopy as very strong indicator that vitreous detachment has occurred. This ring can remain free-floating for years after detachment. The risk of retinal detachment is greatest in the first 6 weeks following a vitreous detachment, but can occur over 3 months after the event. The risk of retinal tears and detachment associated with vitreous detachment is higher in patients with myopic retinal degeneration, lattice degeneration, and a familial or personal history of previous retinal tears/detachment. The vitreous (Latin for "glassy") humor is a gel which fills the eye behind the lens. Between it and the retina is the vitreous membrane. With age the vitreous humor changes, shrinking and developing pockets of liquefaction, similar to the way a gelatin dessert shrinks and detaches from the edge of a pan. At some stage the vitreous membrane may peel away from the retina. This is usually a sudden event, but it may also occur slowly over months. Age and refractive error play a role in determining the onset of PVD in a healthy person. PVD is rare in emmetropic people under the age of 40 years, and increases with age to 86% in the 90s. Several studies have found a broad range of incidence of PVD, from 20% of autopsy cases to 57% in a more elderly population of patients (average age was 83.4 years). People with myopia (nearsightedness) greater than 6 diopters are at higher risk of PVD at all ages. Posterior vitreous detachment does not directly threaten vision. Even so, it is of increasing interest because the interaction between the vitreous body and the retina might play a decisive role in the development of major pathologic vitreoretinal conditions, such as epiretinal membrane. PVD may also occur in cases of cataract surgery, within weeks or months of the surgery. The vitreous membrane is more firmly attached to the retina anteriorly, at a structure called the vitreous base. The membrane does not normally detach from the vitreous base, although it can be detached with extreme trauma. However, the vitreous base may have an irregular posterior edge. When the edge is irregular, the forces of the vitreous membrane peeling off the retina can become concentrated at small posterior extensions of the vitreous base. Similarly, in some people with retinal lesions such as lattice retinal degeneration or chorio-retinal scars, the vitreous membrane may be abnormally adherent to the retina. If enough traction occurs the retina may tear at these points. If there are only small point tears, these can allow glial cells to enter the vitreous humor and proliferate to create a thin epiretinal membrane that distorts vision. In more severe cases, vitreous fluid may seep under the tear, separating the retina from the back of the eye, creating a retinal detachment. Trauma can be any form from a blunt force trauma to the face such as a boxer's punch or even in some cases has been known to be from extremely vigorous coughing or blowing of the nose. Posterior Vitreous Detachment is diagnosed via dilated eye examination. For some patients the vitreous gel is extremely clear and so it can be hard to see the PVD. In these cases, additional imaging such as Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) or ocular ultrasound are used. Therapy is not required or indicated in posterior vitreous detachment, unless there are associated retinal tears, which need to be repaired. In absence of retinal tears, the usual progress is that the vitreous humor will continue to age and liquefy and floaters will usually become less and less noticeable, and eventually most symptoms will completely disappear. Prompt examination of patients experiencing vitreous humor floaters combined with expeditious treatment of any retinal tears has been suggested as the most effective means of preventing certain types of retinal detachments. </doc> <doc id="2341841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341841" title="Ministers of State of the 21st Dáil"> Ministers of State of the 21st Dáil On 5 July 1977, the 15th Government of Ireland was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann. The new Fianna Fáil government was led by the Taoiseach Jack Lynch, who appointed the following Parliamentary Secretaries. Following the enactment of the "Ministers and Secretaries (Amendment) (No.2) Act, 1977", the post of Parliamentary Secretary was abolished and replaced by a new post of Minister of State. A maximum of 10 Ministers of State could be appointed. On 12 December 1979 the 16th Government of Ireland was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann. The new Fianna Fáil government was led by the new Fianna Fáil leader and Taoiseach Charles Haughey, who appointed the following Ministers of State. </doc> <doc id="2341846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341846" title="Cobra Mist"> Cobra Mist Cobra Mist was the codename for an Anglo-American experimental over-the-horizon radar station at Orford Ness, Suffolk, England (). It was known technically as AN/FPS-95 and sometimes referred to as System 441a; a reference to the project as a whole. Cobra Mist was part of a small number of "Cobra" long-range surveillance radars operated by the U.S. Cobra Mist was originally intended to be mounted in Turkey and offer coverage of most of European Soviet airspace. When Turkey objected to the site it was moved to the UK and sited to offer a view of most of Eastern Europe. Built through the late 1960s and into 1970, when the system was first turned on it proved to be plagued by noise problems that could not be identified and the project was shut down in 1973. The site and buildings were then occupied by a radio transmitting station used mainly for the UK Foreign Office and the BBC World Service until 2011. In August 2015 the site and all the facilities previously held by the UK Foreign Office and the BBC (and prior to them the Ministry of Defence) were acquired by Cobra Mist Limited, a privately owned company. The main building and 12 towers remain. Five are 340 feet high. Cobra Mist was based on the Naval Research Laboratory's experimental Magnetic-Drum Radar Equipment ('MADRE'), which was able to reliably detect aircraft at ranges up to from its base in Chesapeake Bay. With prior setup, MADRE was even able to detect rocket launches at Cape Canaveral and atomic tests in Nevada. With this successful demonstration, the US Air Force started plans to deploy a similar system in Turkey; providing coverage of much of the western part of the Soviet Union. Tenders for the system outline were placed in 1964 and bids followed the next year for the actual system itself. However, Turkey refused to provide a base for the system and a search started for a new location. After some time the British offered a site in Suffolk. From this location the radar would be able to see almost all of Eastern Europe as well as the western parts of the Soviet Union. In particular, it would be able to track missile launches from the Northern Fleet Missile Test Center at Plesetsk. Although not as useful as the original site in Turkey, the UK site was nevertheless acceptable and the USAF accepted the new location. In 1966, a new series of bids were sent out for a system to be installed at this site, which was won late in the year by RCA. Construction of the site started in mid-1967 with the buildings and support systems which had to be carefully shielded to avoid contamination from signals being reflected locally. Many of the buildings had to be built on short stilts because the site was below the maximum water height recorded some years earlier. The site was completed on 10 July 1971 and testing began a week later. Tests of the broadcast system were extensive, including both local measurements as well as tests from distant aircraft. These were completed by September and attention moved to the reception systems. Minor storm damage in October slowed this phase somewhat, but RCA turned the system over to the USAF in February 1972. The original plan to go operational in July was delayed until January 1973, in spite of a truncated testing period that combined the "Design Verification System Test" and "Initial Operational Test and Evaluation" periods. Through the early part of 1972 testing found a considerable amount of unexpected noise, which appeared as frequency shifting of the signal. This made targets appear in all of the filters (high-speed, low-speed, etc.) even when it seemed there was nothing of the sort in that area. For instance, the system would often report missiles being launched no matter where the radar was looking. A lengthy series of investigations into the source of the noise followed and, in desperation, the USAF eventually turned over the testing to a panel headed by SRI International. The new team continued testing from January to May 1973, but no convincing explanation was ever found. Internal problems with the equipment were eliminated as a potential source. One particularly interesting finding was that the distortion only occurred over land. Deliberate electronic countermeasures was not ruled out. Although the noise was never identified, the panel concluded that the system could still be made operational by further improvements in the receivers; although the resulting system would only be marginally useful. Instead the USAF simply gave up and on 30 June 1973 the system was shut down, never having been used operationally. It is estimated to have cost between $100 and $150 million (roughly $1 billion in 2016 money). As part of the ABM Treaty, large long-range radars were limited to operation in the home countries of the operators. Whether this had an effect on Cobra Mist is unknown. The AN/FPS-95 antenna consisted of 18 individual strings radiating outward from a single point near the eastern shore of Orford Ness. Each string was long, supported on masts from to high, with multiple active elements hung from the strings. The strings were arranged 8 degrees 40 minutes apart, covering an arc from 19.5 to 110.5 degrees clockwise from true north. Beneath the antenna was a large wire mesh screen acting as a reflector. The mesh extended past the hub to the east. Operating the AN/FPS-95 radar took considerable pre-observation setup. To select a particular region of the sky, six adjacent antennas strings were connected to the electronics using a switch matrix hidden underground at the antenna hub. Using beam steering, the operators would select a 90 degree wide fan-shaped area to investigate. The minimum range was about due to the maximum elevation of the beams, while the maximum range was about using one-hop off the ionosphere's F-layer. Ranges between this could be selected by changing the broadcast frequency from 6 to 40 MHz and gated by varying the pulse repetition frequency. Longer ranges were possible under certain conditions by allowing for multi-hop propagation. At high frequencies the active portion would be close to the antenna hub and it would move out toward the larger dipole elements as the frequency was lowered. The antenna was not particularly effective, with a gain of about 25 db, so to receive a useful signal from such ranges an enormous broadcast signal was needed. The system could develop a peak power of up to 10 MW, which can be compared to the most powerful commercial radio stations at around 500 kW. Reception of the signal was a complex affair, as very little signal would be returned after a round-trip of several thousand kilometers, requiring a receiver sensitivity of 80 to 90 dB to extract a signal out of the background clutter. The system relied on ultra-linear amplifiers that could amplify the signal across the entire frequency range without introducing distortion. Key to the operation of any backscatter radar is the ability to filter out the huge return from the ground and sea and capture only the objects of interest. This is accomplished using the Doppler effect and gating out the vast majority of the signal. In the case of Cobra Mist, the signal was first gated for range by eliminating any signals lying outside a particular time window; thereby selecting targets within a particular area. Then it was fed into a series of frequency filters tuned to the expected frequency shifts from various sorts of common targets: lower speed for ships, high-speed for aircraft, and constant-acceleration for missiles. </doc> <doc id="2341847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341847" title="Kangjia language"> Kangjia language The Kangjia language (in Chinese, 康家语 "Kāngjiā Yǔ") is a recently discovered Mongolic language spoken by a Muslim population of around 300 people in Jainca (Jianzha) County, Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai province of China. As to its taxonomic affiliation, Kangjia seems to be an intermediate between Bonan language and Dongxiang language (Santa). Kangjia has 9 vowels. </doc> <doc id="2341848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341848" title="Raw bar"> Raw bar A raw bar is a small restaurant or a bar within a restaurant where live raw shellfish are shucked and served. Raw bars typically offer a variety of raw and cooked seafood and shellfish that is served cold. Seafood-based dishes may also be proffered, and additional, non-seafood foods may also be part of the fare. Raw bars may offer alcoholic beverages such as oyster shooters, as well as wine and sake that is paired with various foods. Additional accompaniments may include condiments, sauces and foods such as lemon and lime. Several restaurants in the United States offer raw bars, some of which are seasonal. Raw bars may serve a selection of raw oysters, clams, quahogs (hard clams), scallops and mussels. Varieties of hard clam may include littlenecks, which are less than 1.5 inches (3.8 cm) in size, and cherrystones, which are up to 2 inches (5 cm). Various types of oysters may be served. Some raw bars may offer oyster shooters, a type of cocktail prepared with raw oyster. Some also offer ceviche, a dish prepared with raw seafood that is cured with citrus juices, particularly lime. Thinly sliced octopus (octopus carpaccio) is another raw bar item. Raw bars sometimes supplement the menu with cooked versions of the same and additional seafoods and shellfish that are typically served cold, such as clam chowder, oyster stew, poached shrimp, shrimp cocktail, cooked or seared scallops, mussels, crab legs, lobster, cured salmon, sea urchin and steamers (steamed clams). Sometimes lightly cooked liver or foie gras is a raw bar item. The plateau de fruits de mer is a seafood dish sometimes offered by raw bars that is prepared with raw and cooked shellfish and cold on a platter, usually on a bed of ice. Another raw bar dish is ceviche. Raw bars may offer wine or sake to accompany and be paired with the various foods. Condiments, such as cocktail sauce and lemon, may be available, which are typically served with raw oysters. These may also be used on other foods. Other food additions may include lime, tomato, chili peppers, mignonette sauce and caviar Raw bars exist in various cities in the United States, such as Jay's Restaurant in New York City, which has a raw bar. Some bistro-style restaurants offer a raw bar. Some restaurants offer a seasonal raw bar, such as Grand Banks restaurant in New York City and the newly opening Bagley & Shakespeare in London Consuming raw oysters is potentially dangerous as it might contains harmful bacteria. People eating raw oyster might contract vibriosis, an illness typically caused by eating raw seafood. There are reports of human casualties caused by consuming raw oyster. </doc> <doc id="2341852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341852" title="Elazığ"> Elazığ Elazığ () ) is a city in Eastern Anatolia, Turkey, and the administrative center of Elazığ Province. It is located in the uppermost Euphrates valley. The plain on which the city extends has an altitude of 1067 metres. Elazığ resembles an inland peninsula surrounded by the natural Lake Hazar and reservoirs of Keban Dam, Karakaya Dam, Kıralkızı and Özlüce. Elazığ initially developed in 1834 as an extension of the historic city of Harput, which was situated on a hill and difficult to access in winter. The ancient town and citadel of Harput (pronounced "Kharberd", in Eastern Armenian, and "Kharpert" Խարբերթ in Western Armenian) and meaning "rock fortress" in Armenian, was located about five kilometres () from modern Elazığ. In the early Middle Ages, it was also known by its Byzantine name, Charpete (Χάρπετε). In the 19th century, under the reign of Mahmud II, the governor Reşid Mehmed Pasha started an expansion of Mezre, a suburb located on the plain below Kharput. During the reign of Sultan Abdülazîz, military barracks, a hospital and a governor's mansion were built to accommodate the seat of a new vilâyet (province). The town was renamed "Mamuretülaziz" ( "made prosperous by Aziz" in Ottoman Turkish) in 1866 on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the enthronement of Sultan Abdülaziz, although he was not the initial founder. In time the city became known as "Elâzîz" due to its ease of pronunciation. On November 17, 1937, President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk changed the name of the city to "El'azık". However, since this was hard to pronounce in Turkish, on December 10, 1937 the government changed the city's name to its final form, "Elazığ". The city of Elazığ was founded among the skirts of the hill on which the historical Harput Castle was constructed. According to the present historical sources, the most ancient inhabitants of Harput was the Hurrian nation who settled in these parts in c2000 B.C. Harput, and its surrounding region was part of the kingdom of Urartu at the period of its maximum extension. The ancient town and citadel called Kharput (Kharpert), which means "rocky fortress" in Armenian, was built by the first Armenian kings about five km () from modern Elazığ. However, very little written material about this city reached our day. It is possible that Harput stands on or is near the site of Carcathio-certa in Sophene, reached by Corbulo in A.D. 65. The early Muslim geographers knew it as Ḥiṣn Ziyād, but the Armenian name, Khartabirt or Kharbirt, whence Kharput and Harput, was generally adopted in time. William of Tyre wrote that Joscelin I, Count of Edessa (Jocelyn) of Courtenay, and King Baldwin II of Jerusalem were prisoners of the Amir Balak in Kharput's castle and that they were rescued by their Armenian allies. William of Tyre calls the place Quart Piert or Pierre. Harput and its vicinity fell under Turkish control in the year 1085 as the outcome of the Manzikert battle on August 26, 1071. The Çubukoğulları, Artuqids, Sultanate of Rum, Ilkhanate, Beylik of Dulkadir, Aq Qoyunlu, Safavids and Ottomans had reigned in the region Harput was an important station of the American missionaries for many years. The missionaries built Euphrates College, a theological seminary, and boys' and girls' schools. It operated until 1915 when its buildings were confiscated and used by the Ottoman army as barracks. In November 1895, government backed Turks and Kurds massacred, looted and burned the Armenian villages on the plain. In the same month Harput was attacked and the American schools were burned down. During the Armenian Genocide, many residents were killed. Harput is still partly settled today, but due to its high elevation and lack of water it is slowly in the process of being abandoned, with most of its residents moving to Elazığ. Harput still has a few thousand inhabitants. From its foundation until the end of the World War II, the city's growth was somewhat irregular. While the town probably consisted of 10 to 12,000 inhabitants at the beginning of the World War I, the first census conducted by the Republic of Turkey in 1927 counted 20,052 inhabitants. This figure continued to rise to reach 25,465 in 1940, but the general shortages suffered during the World War II years by the neutral Turkey led to an exodus of population, reducing the population to 23,635. From then onward, the city has gone through uninterrupted growth. Harput, in the meantime, acquired the status of a township separated from Elazığ with a population of about 2000. Harput has been the seat of a Syrian Orthodox bishop as early as the eleventh century, whose diocese was initially called Ḥiṣn Ziyād and later Harput. Unlike many Christian Diocese in Turkey, this one is still functioning even after the massacres that took place in the city during the Assyrian and Armenian Genocides, in which the bishop and most of his flock were killed. The Diocese has two priests, with the main church being based in the ancient Merymana Kilisesi next to the wall of the old Fortress. An Armenian Catholic diocese of Kharput was created in 1850, but was not re-established as residential diocese after the Armenian genocide, only as an Armenian Catholic Titular see. An Armenian Evangelical Church, built in the 19th century, survives as a ruined shell of its former self in the middle of a car park. In the late 19th and early 20th century, Elazığ exported raisins, apricots and almonds to Europe. Opium was also grown in the area. Honey was also produced, but not so much exported, but used by locals. Gold was also found in the area in the early 20th century. The most important factor affecting the growth of Elazığ since the 1970s has been the construction of Keban Dam and the hydroelectric power plant (5,871,000 kwh/year) with its boulder at a distance of from the city and the resulting huge dam reservoir. This reservoir covers an area of 68,000 hectares and it flooded around a hundred villages with a hundred others losing a large part of their agricultural lands. Around 20,000 people were forced to move as a consequence of the dam's construction. Industries connected with the dam such as a cement mill contributed to the growth and, as Ayalon and Sharon point out, to a striking gap between the male and female populations in Elazığ, the former outnumbering the latter by some eight thousand throughout the seventies, which was a consequence of the move into and settlement in the city of workers employed in the construction effort. Many of those who were forced to move with the construction of the dam chose to settle in Elazığ center and the state indemnities paid were invested in houses in Elazığ or laid a base for small businesses. However, the Keban Dam affected more than 30,000 people and at least 212 villages. Over 80% of families in zones affected by the Keban dam were landless peasants and thus ineligible to receive compensation or peasants with little land who would receive very little money (Koyunlu 1982: 250) The region of Elazığ has much mineral wealth, a healthy climate and a fertile soil. Extraction of chrome is an important mining activity. The dam, the industry and the mining accounts for the high level of urbanization (42.7% in 1970) surpassing the average levels for Eastern Anatolia. The main agricultural activity of the area centers around vineyards and Elazığ also serves as a market hub for other agricultural products. The state-run vineyards of Elazığ is notable for its production of Buzbağ, a full-flavored red wine. Elazığ today is the capital of the Elazığ province, a busy city with a university and an industrial base, although historic monuments are scarce. The exception is the ancient Harput citadel and town, a dependency of the greater municipality of Elazığ today situated three miles ()to the north of the city center. Elazığ is the most developed city (and province) in the region according to a report that was carried out by the Ministry of Development, making it the most developed region of Eastern Anatolia Region. Elazığ is known for being conservative and patriotic. Not a single leftist party has managed to get a candidate elected in the past 34 years. Moreover, the BDP, an ethnic nationalist Kurdish party, has never managed to get an official elected to the Turkish Grand National Assembly in contrary to its neighbouring provinces Tunceli and Diyarbakır. Elazığ is situated at the northwestern corner of a 30-mile-long valley, known locally as Uluova (literally "the Great Valley"). The area's Armenians called this valley "Vosgetashd" ("the Golden Plain"). Its altitude is 3,300 feet: latitude and longitude are respectively: 38 degrees and 41 minutes North, and 39 degrees and 14 minutes East. Elazığ Province is surrounded by the Euphrates in the north, and since the completion of Keban Dam the rivers came to cover almost ten percent of the surface area (826 km²) of the province (8,455 km²). Elazığ's adjacent province borders are with: Tunceli (North), Erzincan (North-West), Bingöl (East), Diyarbakır (South), and Malatya (West). Elazığ has a continental climate (Köppen climate classification: "Dsa") with cold and snowy winters and hot and dry summers. However, due to the natural and artificial lakes around the city, some partial variations from this climate is experienced. Elazığ cuisine is the second richest among all cities in Turkey with 154 different types of food and drinks according to a study conducted by Ankara Chamber of Commerce. Particularly those originated in the historic city of Harput have an important fame in the region and the country. Apart from famous meat platters most of which include meatballs, naturally dried fruits and vegetables and using them in main dishes is unique to Elazığ cuisine. Several examples could include: Elazığ is also very famous with its vineyards, and two types of grape varieties Öküzgözü and Boğazkere. Elazığ is served by Elazığ Airport which lies about from the city center. The airport is the 19th busiest airport in Turkey in terms of passenger traffic. There are daily domestic flights from/to Ankara, Istanbul and İzmir. During summer months there are some international flights from/to cities such as Düsseldorf and Frankfurt as well as from/to Antalya and Adana. There are local companies provide coach service to almost all cities in Turkey. Ferryboat services are also present over the reservoir lakes to supplement highway connections to towns such as Ağın, and Pertek and Çemişgezek of Tunceli. The Blue Train (passenger express) provides connection from Elazığ to Ankara. Elazığ is home to Fırat University, established in 1975 and since has become one of the leading academic institutions in the eastern Turkey. The football team Sanica Boru Elazığspor, founded in 1967, represented the city in the Turkish Super League between 2002 and 2004 and again between 2012 and 2014. The club now competes in TFF 1. Lig and their colors are burgundy and white and the club logo is inspired by the local dance Çayda Çıra performed with candles. Elazığ Belediyespor is another professional football team representing the city in the TFF Third League. Elazığ Atatürk Stadium is the home ground to both teams with a capacity of 14,467 seats. Hazarbaba Ski Center, at the peak of 2347m Mount Hazarbaba, is a popular ski destination among the locals. Elazığ is also home to one of eight major horse racetracks in Turkey. Yurtbaşı Race Course has a capacity of 2,500 spectators and stables have the capacity of stabling around 400 horses. Elazığ is twinned with: </doc> <doc id="2341853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341853" title="Brahma Sarovar"> Brahma Sarovar Brahma Sarovar is an ancient water pool sacred to Hinduism in Thanesar, in the state of Haryana in North India. Hinduism lays emphasis on taking bath for internal and external purity. Most religious sites have water pools or sarovar in or near the temple/gurdwara. The Hindu genealogy registers at Kurukshetra, Haryana are kept here. According to stories of myths, Lord Brahma created the universe from the land of Kurukshetra after a huge yajna. The Brahma Sarovar here is believed to be the cradle of civilization. The sarovar is also mentioned in the eleventh century AD memoirs of Al Beruni, called ‘Kitab-ul-Hind’. The sarovar also has a mention in Mahabharata citing its use by Duryodhana to hide himself under water on the concluding day of the war. A sacred shrine dedicated to Lord Shiva stands within the sarovar, accessible by a small bridge. According to scriptures, bathing in this sarovar increases the sanctity of performing the ‘ashvamedh yajna’. The pool offers a breath-taking sight during the Gita Jayanti celebrations held each year in the last week of November and early December when a ‘deep daan’ ceremony of floating lamps in water and [Aarti] occurs. This also happens to be the time when migratory birds from distant places arrive at the sarovar. The Birla Gita Mandir and Baba Nath’s haveli and temple are the neighbouring attractions. The historic Brahma Sarovar has been renovated with modern facilities and pathways. It is 3600 feet long and 1500 feet broad and is in the shape of perfect rectangle. It is considered as one of the largest man-made pools. The pools are especially crowded during solar eclipses because it is believed that bathing there during the solar eclipse is an ablution of sin. On 29 March 2006 a solar eclipse was visible in the region and it drew an estimated one million people to the site. Whenever an eclipse is visible from the Sarovar, hundreds of thousands gather in the pools. </doc> <doc id="2341862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341862" title="Lesson of Munich"> Lesson of Munich In international relations, the Lesson of Munich refers to the appeasement of Adolf Hitler at the Munich Conference in September 1938. In order to avoid war, France and Britain permitted the German annexation of the Sudetenland. The policy of appeasement underestimated Hitler’s ambitions and believed sufficient concessions would secure a lasting peace. Today, it is widely regarded as a failed act of appeasement toward Germany, and a huge diplomatic triumph for Hitler. The agreement facilitated the German takeover of Czechoslovakia, and caused Hitler to believe the Western allies would not risk war over Poland the following year. The foreign policy of the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain has become inextricably linked with the events of the Munich Crisis and the policy of appeasement, resonating through the following decades as a parable of diplomatic failure. Together with “Waterloo” and “Versailles”, the Munich Conference has come to signify a disastrous diplomatic outcome. The Lessons of Munich have profoundly shaped Western foreign policy up to this day. In the United States, Presidents have cited these lessons as justifications for war in Korea, Vietnam, and Iraq. Following the strike on Libya, Ronald Reagan argued “Europeans who remember their history understand better than most that there is no security, no safety, in the appeasement of evil.” Although appeasement - conventionally defined as the act of satisfying grievances through concessions, with the aim of avoiding war - was once regarded as an effective and honourable strategy of foreign policy, following the Munich Conference it came to symbolize cowardice, failure, and weakness with Winston Churchill describing appeasement as “one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.” </doc> <doc id="2341868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341868" title="Raymond Federman"> Raymond Federman Raymond Federman (May 15, 1928 – October 6, 2009) was a French–American novelist and academic, known also for poetry, essays, translations, and criticism. He held positions at the University at Buffalo from 1973 to 1999, when he was appointed Distinguished Emeritus Professor. Federman was a writer in the experimental style, one that sought to deconstruct traditional prose. This type of writing is quite prevalent in his book "Double or Nothing", in which the linear narrative of the story has been broken down and restructured so as to be nearly incoherent. Words are also often arranged on pages to resemble images or to suggest repetitious themes. Federman, who was Jewish, was born in Montrouge, France. He was 14 years old when his parents hid him in a small stairway landing closet as Gestapo arrived at the family home in Nazi-occupied France. His family was taken away, and his parents and two sisters were killed in the Auschwitz concentration camp. Federman hid from the Nazis on farms in southern France during the Holocaust. He later became a leading backstroker on the French national team, and emigrated to the U.S. in 1947. After serving in the U.S. Army in Korea and Japan from 1951 to 1954, he studied at Columbia University under the G.I. Bill, graduating in 1957. He did his graduate studies at U.C.L.A., receiving his M.A. in 1958, and Ph.D. in Comparative Literature in 1963, with his doctoral dissertation on Samuel Beckett. Federman's step-son's daughter is Andrea Murez, an Israeli Olympic swimmer who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics. He taught in the French Department at the University of California, Santa Barbara from 1959 to 1964, and in the French Department at The State University of New York at Buffalo from 1964 to 1973, and as a fiction writer in the English Department at the University at Buffalo from 1973 to 1999. He was promoted to the rank of Distinguished Professor in 1990, and in 1992, appointed to the Melodia E. Jones Chair of Literature, where he served until retiring in July 1999. In 2000, he was appointed as Distinguished Emeritus Professor. He was a member of the Board of Directors of The Coordinating Council of Literary Magazines from 1973-1976. From 1979-1982 he was Co-Director of the Fiction Collective, a publishing house dedicated to experimental fiction and its writers, and later served on the Board of Directors of Fiction Collective Two. Federman died of cancer at the age of 81 in San Diego, California., and in May 2010, his final new English novel was released by Starcherone Press: "SHHH: The Story of a Childhood," edited and with an introduction from writer Davis Schneiderman, who also made a 2007 YouTube video with Federman and author Lidia Yuknavitch, in which the three boil books in noodles. This is a reference to Federman's first novel "Double or Nothing". In his lifetime he read from his work in most major American universities, and lectured in at least eighteen foreign countries. His novels have been translated into over a dozen languages, and all his novels have been adapted into radio plays in Germany. Several full-length books have been written about his work, including a 400-page casebook entitled "Federman From A to X-X-X-X" by Larry McCaffery, Thomas Hartl and Doug Rice. In 2010 SUNY Press published "Federman's Fiction's: Innovation, Theory, and the Holocaust", a collection of essays edited by Jeffrey R. Di Leo intended to demonstrate the relevance of Federman's writing to disciplines beyond contemporary and experimental literature. The collection featured a preface by the esteemed American poet Charles Bernstein, Federman's former colleague at SUNY Buffalo, as well as contributions by an international cast of scholars, writers, and critics including Jerome Klinkowitz, Dan Stone, Marcel Cornis-Pope, Alyson Waters, Eric Dean Rasmussen, Jan Baetens, Susan Rubin Suleiman, Davis Schneiderman, Eckhard Gerdes and Brian McHale. His collected plays were published in Austria in a bilingual edition (English/German) under the title The Precipice & Other Catastrophes. In 2002 "The Journal of Experimental Fiction" devoted a 510-page issue to his work. Federman's excerpt from "Return to Manure" won an &NOW award in 2009 and was published in "The &NOW Awards: The Best Innovative Writing". Federman also participated in the biennial &NOW festival, a festival for experimental and innovative writing. </doc> <doc id="2341879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341879" title="Gott mit uns"> Gott mit uns Gott mit uns ("God with us") is a phrase commonly used in heraldry in Prussia (from 1701) and later by the German military during the periods spanning the German Empire (1871 to 1918), the Third Reich (1933 to 1945), and the early years of West Germany (1949 to 1962). It was also commonly used by Sweden in most of its wars and especially as a warcry by the Caroleans. , refers to the prophecy written in , glossing the name Immanuel (Emmanuel, עמנואל) as "God with us": "Nobiscum Deus" in Latin, ("Meth himon o theos") in Greek, was a battle cry of the late Roman Empire and of the Eastern Roman Empire. It is also a popular hymn of the Eastern Orthodox Church, sung during the service of Great Compline (Μεγα Αποδειπνον). The Church Slavonic translation is "С Hами Бог" (S Nami Bog). It was used for the first time in Germany by the Teutonic Order. In the 17th century, the phrase "Gott mit uns" was used as a 'field word', a means of recognition akin to a password, by the army of Gustavus Adolphus at the battles of Breitenfeld (1631), Lützen (1632) and Wittstock (1636) in the Thirty Years' War. In 1701, Frederick I of Prussia changed his coat of arms as Prince-Elector of Brandenburg. The electoral scepter had its own shield under the electoral cap. Below, the motto "Gott mit uns" appeared on the pedestal. Съ нами Богъ!" "S nami Bog!" was used as a motto by the Russian Empire. The Prussian Order of the Crown was Prussia's lowest ranking order of chivalry, and was instituted in 1861. The obverse gilt central disc bore the crown of Prussia, surrounded by a blue enamel ring bearing the motto of the German Empire "Gott Mit Uns". At the time of the completion of German unification in 1871, the imperial standard bore the motto "Gott mit uns" on the arms of an Iron Cross. Imperial German 3 and 5 mark silver and 20 mark gold coins had "Gott mit uns" inscribed on their edge. German soldiers had "Gott mit uns" inscribed on their helmets in the First World War. The slogan entered the mindset on both sides; in 1916 a cartoon was printed in the "New York Tribune" captioned "Gott Mit Uns!", showing "a German officer in spiked helmet holding a smoking revolver as he stood over the bleeding form of a nurse. It symbolized the rising popular demand that the United States shed its neutrality". In June 1920 George Grosz produced a lithographic collection in three editions entitled "Gott mit uns". A satire on German society and the counterrevolution, the collection was swiftly banned. Grosz was charged with insulting the army, which resulted in a 300 German Mark fine and the destruction of the collection. During the War in Donbass, a Ukrainian version (З нами Бог, "Z nami Bog") was used by the Aidar Battalion. During the Second World War Wehrmacht soldiers wore this slogan on their belt buckles, as opposed to members of the Waffen SS, who wore the motto "Meine Ehre heißt Treue" ('My honour is loyalty'). After the war the motto was also used by the "Bundeswehr" and German police. It was replaced with ""Einigkeit und Recht und Freiheit"" ("Unity and Justice and Freedom") in 1962 (police within the 1970s), the first line of the third stanza of the German national anthem. In 2012, the Swedish power metal band Sabaton (band) released Gott Mit Uns on their sixth studio album Carolus Rex (album) which is a concept album based on the rise and fall of the Swedish Empire. </doc> <doc id="2341895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341895" title="Air Kasaï"> Air Kasaï Air Kasaï is an airline with its head office on the property of N'Dolo Airport in Barumbu, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It operates charter services within Africa. Its main base is N'Dolo Airport, Kinshasa. The airline is banned from operating in the European Union, as any other airline in the country is, and it is on the list of air carriers banned in the European Union. The airline was established in 1983 and was formerly known as TAC - Transport Aérien Congo and TAZ - Transport Aérien Zaïrois. It is a Swedish owned company. In March 2006, Air Kasaï was officially banned from operating in the whole EU, plus Norway and Switzerland. Air Kasaï serves the following destinations (as of April 2012): The Air Kasaï fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of April 2014) In March 2014 Air Kasaï was featured in the Vice News Episode: Russian Pilots of the Congo. On 9 September 2005, an Air Kasaï Antonov An-26B crashed in the Republic of the Congo 50 kilometers (31 miles) north of Brazzaville, killing all 13 people (four crew members and nine passengers) on board. On 27 July 2018, an Antonov 2 crashed on take-off from an airstrip near Kamako, killing 5 of 7 occupants </doc> <doc id="2341900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341900" title="Citizen's Charter"> Citizen's Charter The Citizen's Charter was a British political initiative launched by the then Prime Minister, John Major, on 22 July 1991, less than a year into his premiership. It aimed to improve public services in the UK by: All services would have to publish clear targets for levels of service. Dozens did so, from hospitals to prison services, local government offices to fire services. NHS patients would have guaranteed time limits for all consultations. One part of the initiative was the granting of "Charter Marks" to those public bodies meeting defined standards. They ended on 30 June 2011. "Examples were:" The initiative was widely criticized for claiming to improve public services while reducing money available for them, and for introducing private methods of management in the public sector. It was also claimed that the result was a "box-ticking mentality" concentrating on the measurable, rather than on the individual users of services. It was wound down and replaced in 2010 by the Big Society in 2010. The much-derided and abused [road] Cones Hotline was soon shut down. All new applications for Charter Marks were officially closed on 30 June 2008. The scheme was terminated in 2010, with the officially declared final validity date being 30 June 2011. The Labour Party wanted to introduce a freedom of information act. The Liberal Democrats wanted constitutional reform. </doc> <doc id="2341908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341908" title="Silvio de Lellis"> Silvio de Lellis Silvio de Lellis, recorded as Sylvio de Lellis in Canadian sources (born in 1923 in Rome, Italy - died in 1998 in Rome) was an Italian luthier. He was the second son of Baron de Lellis, a descendant of the family which gave birth to St Camillus de Lellis, in the 16th century. Silvio de Lellis apprenticed as a violin maker and was destined to take over a piano factory belonging to the family in Czechoslovakia, which the Communist take-over prevented. He had to practice his craft for a living afterwards. In 1949 he took first prize at the "Concorso Internazionale di Liuteria" in Cremona. He was invited in Canada to set up a guitar manufacture in the 1970s, but it seems the project was poorly conceived and he remained stranded in Montreal, Quebec, with almost no money left. He was associated with Frank Ravenda as a violin maker, Ravenda being a music instruments salesman. In 1975, de Lellis moved to Quebec City, where a good luthier was needed, and after getting a teaching job at the conservatory through the efforts of his apprentice, he finally opened a school of lutherie in that city. De Lellis left Quebec City for Rome in 1979, where he resumed his practice as a luthier. He had his last workshop in Tivoli, some 50 km from Rome, and became widely recognised as a teacher. De Lellis died in 1998 of a heart attack. </doc> <doc id="2341912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341912" title="On Golden Smog"> On Golden Smog On Golden Smog was the debut EP from American band Golden Smog, released in 1992. Golden Smog was a loosely connected group of musicians comprising, at various times, members of Soul Asylum, The Replacements, Wilco, The Jayhawks, Run Westy Run, The Honeydogs and Big Star. Golden Smog's lineup has often changed, but relative constants who appear on all the recordings are guitarists Kraig Johnson (Run Westy Run), Dan Murphy (Soul Asylum) and Gary Louris (The Jayhawks), along with bassist Marc Perlman (The Jayhawks). The album consists entirely of cover songs. The album sleeve art was by the band's then-drummer, Chris Mars. The track "Shooting Star" was featured in the 1994 film "Clerks". "On Golden Smog" was reissued in 1996 by Rykodisc. Writing for Allmusic, music critic Jason Ankeny wrote of the album "After a few years of haphazard shows in and about their native Minneapolis, the members of Golden Smog were approached by a small local label to put out a record; many, many beers later, On Golden Smog appeared." The band members of Golden Smog used pseudonyms in the credits. </doc> <doc id="2341919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341919" title="Luren Dickinson"> Luren Dickinson Luren Dudley Dickinson (April 15, 1859 – April 22, 1943) was an American politician. He served as the 37th Governor of Michigan from 1939 to 1941. He holds the record of the oldest person to ever serve as Michigan governor, beginning at the age of 79 and leaving office at the age of 81, as well as the only Michigan governor to enter office upon the death of an incumbent. Dickinson was born in Niagara County, New York, son of Daniel Dickinson (1828-1903) and Hannah Elisabeth Dickinson (née Leavens; 1830–1916); as an infant his family moved to Michigan. In Michigan his family purchased land and undertook farming. As a boy Dickinson spent most of his time working on the family farm but by studying often at home he was able to complete high school and at the age of eighteen qualified to be a teacher. He was impressive as a teacher and thus moved up quickly becoming first principal and then superintendent of schools at the age of 21. In 1888, he married Zora Della Cooley and they had one child by adoption - Rilla Ethel Patterson (nee Dickinson), grandson Robert Patterson, and grand daughter Della Patterson, the latter would accompany the Governor while in office. Dickinson's involvement in community schools sparked his interest in local politics. He joined the Republican Party, was elected to the Michigan State House of Representatives and served from 1897 to 1898 and from 1905 to 1908. He was then elected to the Michigan Senate and served from 1909 to 1910. After his one term in the State Senate, Dickinson was elected the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Michigan in 1914 and later re-elected to this office. He would spend most of the rest of his political career as lieutenant governor, being elected to the post seven times and defeated three times (1924, 1932, and 1936). He was also an unsuccessful candidate in the Republican primary for governor in 1920 against Alex Groesbeck, who was successful in the general election. Dickinson served as Lieutenant Governor under five governors: Woodbridge Nathan Ferris, 1915–17; Albert Sleeper, 1917–21; Fred W. Green, 1927–29; Wilber Marion Brucker, 1929–33; and Frank Fitzgerald, 1939. In 1939, incumbent Governor Frank Fitzgerald died suddenly in office and thus, a month short of Dickenson's 80th birthday, he became Governor of Michigan. As governor he spent much of his time conducting state business at his farm near Charlotte, Michigan rather than at the state capital in Lansing. He was well known for his informal appearance and actions which included having his swearing in ceremony at his farm, dressing in modest clothing and continuing to undertake farm work during his term. During his twenty one and a half months in office, a law was passed which made it mandatory for public school teachers to take an oath of loyalty to the government. Also during his term, gambling and open bars were contested and the Michigan National Guard was activated for service in World War II. In 1940, he ran for a full term but his campaigning was hampered due to the illness and later death of his wife. He lost the election to Democrat Murray Van Wagoner. Dickinson was a member of the Grange and Knights of Pythias. He died two years after leaving office at the age of eighty-four in Charlotte and is buried at the Maple Hill Cemetery of that town. </doc> <doc id="2341923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341923" title="Diplomat (solitaire)"> Diplomat (solitaire) Diplomat is a solitaire card game which is played using two decks of playing cards shuffled together. Its layout is similar to that of Beleaguered Castle. First, thirty-two cards each are dealt and arranged so that they form two columns of four rows (eight rows in total) of four cards each just like in Beleaguered Castle, making a point to leave a space in between the two columns for the eight aces that form the bases of the foundations. The top cards of each row of cards for play to the foundations on the center of the columns or around the tableau (the eight rows). The foundations are built up by suit up to kings, while the cards in the tableau are built down regardless of suit. When a gap occurs in the tableau, it can be filled by any available card. Only one card can be moved at a time. When there are no available moves—or if the players has done all plays one can make—the stock is dealt one at a time. Any card that cannot be played to the foundations or the tableau can be placed on the wastepile, the top card of which is available for play. The stock can only be dealt once. The game ends as soon as after the entire stock is dealt. The game is won when all cards end up in the foundations. </doc> <doc id="2341924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341924" title="Garden City Western Railway"> Garden City Western Railway The Garden City Western Railway is a railroad operating in the U.S. state of Kansas. GCW was organized in 1916, first owned by The Garden City Sugar and Land Company and then owned by the Garden City Coop, Inc. The GCW is located in southwest Kansas and totals of operating railroad and interchanges with BNSF Railway. GCW was purchased by Pioneer Railcorp on April 29, 1999. The primary commodities include grain, frozen beef, fertilizer, farm implements, feed products and utility poles. The Garden City Sugar and Land Company, at Garden City, Kansas, built a railroad known as the Garden City Western Railway, constructed in 1915. This railroad extends from the Sugar Factory at Garden City in a northwesterly direction about through farm lands, held by the Garden City Sugar and Land Company. Road built to take care of products of Garden City Sugar and Land Company's holdings in land. The Nebraska, Kansas and Southern Railway track was laid out from Garden City and was never operational. The rail, fastenings and ties from this railroad were sold in 1915 at a Sheriff's auction to the Garden City Western Railway Company, a subsidiary of the Garden City Sugar and Land Company. On 1 September 1991 the Garden City Northern Railway (GCNR) merged with the Garden City Western Railway. A GCW steam locomotive is currently on static display at the Lee Richardson Zoo in Garden City, located behind the Snack/Gift Shop and across the Drive-In Entrance/Kiosk. </doc> <doc id="2341926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341926" title="Sevsk, Bryansk Oblast"> Sevsk, Bryansk Oblast Sevsk () is a town and the administrative center of Sevsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Sev River (Dnieper's basin), from Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: One of the original Severian towns, Sevsk is known to have been a part of the Principality of Chernigov since 1146. It was then incorporated into the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in 1356. Sevsk was finally annexed by the Grand Duchy of Moscow in 1585 and became a Russian border fortress. In 1634, the town withstood a three-week siege by the Polish army. Throughout its subsequent history, Sevsk belonged to different "guberniyas" (governorates), including Kiev, Belgorod, and Oryol Governorates. The Soviet authority in Sevsk was established in March 1918. The town was occupied by the German army between October 1, 1941 and August 27, 1943. In 1944, Sevsk became a part of Bryansk Oblast. Within the framework of administrative divisions, Sevsk serves as the administrative center of Sevsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with four rural localities, incorporated within Sevsky District as Sevsky Urban Administrative Okrug. As a municipal division, Sevsky Urban Administrative Okrug is incorporated within Sevsky Municipal District as Sevskoye Urban Settlement. Architectural monuments include the remnants of defensive walls of the medieval fortress and the churches of Kazan Virgin (1760), Ascension (1765), and Sts. Peter and Paul (1809). Sevsk used to have two cathedrals, one dating to 1782 and another to 1811. Both cathedrals were destroyed during Stalin's rule, but their bell towers still stand. </doc> <doc id="2341933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341933" title="Creme de papaya"> Creme de papaya Creme de papaya is a Brazilian dessert. It was a culinary fad in Brazil in the mid-1990s. Nowadays, its popularity has diminished somewhat. It consists of papaya blended with vanilla ice cream. Crème de cassis is usually added, but a non-alcoholic blackcurrant syrup can be substituted. It is common to blend the papaya and ice cream, then put into serving dish and pour about an ounce of creme de cassis on the top. </doc> <doc id="2341934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341934" title="Moorside Edge"> Moorside Edge The Moorside Edge is a steeply sloping area of moorland at just north of Slaithwaite and about west of Huddersfield in the Kirklees District of West Yorkshire. It descents from the relatively flat summit of Pole Moor into the valley of the River Colne. Just above the edge itself is the Moorside Edge transmitting station. </doc> <doc id="2341936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341936" title="Pik-Sen Lim"> Pik-Sen Lim Pik-Sen Lim (, born 15 September 1944) is a Malaysian Chinese actress based in the United Kingdom who has appeared on British television since the 1960s. She is best known for playing the character of Su-Lee, the Chinese Communist student in the British sitcom "Mind Your Language" (1977–79) and playing the killer cleaner in "Johnny English Reborn". Lim was born under the name of Lim Phaik-Seng in Penang, Malaysia, Straits Settlements (occupied by Japan at the time of her birth), and was the daughter of the palm oil millionaire Lim Cheng-Teik. She attended convent school in Penang, where she was nicknamed "Pixie". Against the wishes of her family, she moved to the United Kingdom at the age of 16 to study at the London School of Dramatic Art. Here, she changed her name because her friends would pronounce "Phaik" as "fake". In 1964, she appeared in the hospital drama series "Emergency – Ward 10", playing a nurse. There she met scriptwriter Don Houghton, whom she married. Her daughter by him, Sara Houghton, is also an actress, and they were once cast as mother and daughter in "Three Thousand Troubled Threads". She also appeared in Don Houghton scripted "Doctor Who" serial "The Mind of Evil" in 1971, and the first three seasons of the sitcom "Mind Your Language" speaking Penang Hokkien as her Chinese language. Here, she had to speak in an exaggerated, stereotyped Chinese accent, even though her English is perfect. Her later appearances are roles in the short lived soap operas "Albion Market" (1985) and "Night and Day" (2003), as well as "Arabian Nights" (2000), "The Bill" (2005), and as a character in the comedy series "Little Britain" (2004). She is the narrator of the video game "Dark Souls". </doc> <doc id="2341951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341951" title="Magin Catalá"> Magin Catalá Magin Catalá (known as "Magí Català i Guasch" in Catalan, his native language) (Montblanc, 1761 – Santa Clara, California, 1830)) was a Catholic missionary. Català was born on January 30, 1761, together with another twin brother, in the town of Montblanc, Tarragona. He was the son of the spouses Macià Català i Roig and Francesca Guasch i Burgueras. At the age of sixteen, the two twin brothers entered the Observant Franciscan order in Barcelona. He studied philosophy, theology and morals in Girona and was invested as priest in 1785. Shortly after, he went to Cádiz, where he sailed to America with Father Josep de la Creu Espi, O.F.M. He arrived in Mexico City on 1786 and joined the Missionary School of San Fernando. It was spent a few years until it was destined to missions on the west coast of the current countries of the United States and Canada, to accompany travelers on the Nootka Bay route, acting as the priest of the Aranzazu frigate. In 1794 he was sent to Monterrey, and, shortly thereafter, he was sent to the Mission of Santa Clara on the Pacific coast . Almost never came out of Santa Clara and his evangelizing and humanitarian work was extraordinary among the American Indians. He died on November 22, 1830 and was buried in the cathedral of San Francisco, California. He became renowned for his miracles and prophecies. The figure of a crucifix in Mission Santa Clara de Asís is said to have leaned forward to commend him when preaching. The cause of his beatification was introduced in 1884. In 1884 the archbishop of San Francisco, the Catalan Dominican Joseph Sadoc Alemany, instructed the canonical process of beatification of Fra Magí, in which they declared 62 witnesses. In 1908 , the Vatican Court ordered the instruction of the "non-cult" process, as well as the collection of writings of the Catalan missionary. His memory is kept at Montblanc, Tarragona in Spain, which has a street dedicated to his name this street and the house where he was born is a missionary plate marble memorial. </doc> <doc id="2341952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341952" title="Vickerstown"> Vickerstown Vickerstown is an area of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England covered by the wards of Walney North and Walney South. It is an example of a planned estate built for workers by a company needing to expand, having been constructed in the early 20th century by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering. Vickerstown contains two Conservation Areas and is home to the majority of the population of Walney Island. Its construction was prompted by a lack of housing available for the workers at Barrow's shipyard, owned at the time by Vickers. Some workers were forced to live on board the Atlantic liner , which was moored in the docks. Plans for its development were begun in 1898 and Vickers bought out the "Isle of Walney Estates Company" to handle the construction. Homes were designed to last, with the houses in a Tudor Revival terrace style. Larger houses overlooking Walney Channel were reserved for managers' families. The good construction of this estate meant that Walney did not have the slums that plagued other parts of the country and even Barrow in the 1950s. Most streets in Vickerstown are named after ships built at Vickers (including HMS "Euryalus", HMS "Juno", HMS "Latona", , HMS "Niobe" and ) and other portstowns and cities in the UK (including Bristol, Folkestone, Hastings, Liverpool and Southampton). The first 1,000 houses were completed in 1901 and tenants soon moved in, despite strict selection criteria. A toll bridge to the mainland was opened in 1908. The rearmament programme and the First World War led to a second phase of building during which government loans were used to build accommodation for workers but these houses were more utilitarian than those in the original plans. After the First World War, houses began to be sold on to tenants and in 1951, with only a handful of properties still under its control, the estate company was wound up. Vickerstown remains part of the town of Barrow and much of the area was declared a conservation area in 1988, to keep the character of the estate intact. Barrow shipyard continues to be the largest employer in the town, though it is now owned by BAE Systems. The A590 road begins just west of Vickerstown and runs through the area before crossing Walney Bridge into the Barrow Island area of Barrow. The A590 continues for 34 miles towards the M6 motorway. There are two places of worship in Vickerstown, a medical centre, a fire station, two primary schools, several pubs and numerous businesses including Tesco and Co-op supermarkets. Walney School is located close to Vickerstown and offers secondary education for the island's residents. Vickerstown Football Club are based in the area and compete in the West Lancashire Football League. "Main article (Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends TV series): Vicarstown" In The Railway Series of children's books by the Rev. W. Awdry (which developed into the television series "Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends"), locomotives such as Thomas the Tank Engine live on the fictional Island of Sodor, a much larger island which takes the place of Walney Island. Sodor is linked to the mainland by two bridges, one road and one rail, across the Walney Channel, and the town nearest this bridge is named "Vicarstown". As the author was himself an Anglican priest, this would have been an obvious choice of name. According to the "research" into Sodor's history by the Rev. Awdry, Vicarstown was where the fictional North Western Railway first had its headquarters and according to some sources was where Thomas The Tank Engine first worked as a station pilot although some maps drawn to accompany the Railway Series books state this was at Tidmouth instead. </doc> <doc id="2341953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341953" title="Down by the Old Mainstream"> Down by the Old Mainstream Down by the Old Mainstream was American Alternative country band Golden Smog's first full-length album, released in 1995. Its title is from a line in both the Wilco song, "Someday Soon" from the album, "Being There, "and from "Radio King," the last track on this album. Golden Smog was a loosely connected group of musicians comprising, at various times, members of Soul Asylum, The Replacements, Wilco, The Jayhawks, Run Westy Run, The Honeydogs and Big Star. Golden Smog's lineup has often changed, but relative constants who appear on all the recordings are guitarists Kraig Johnson (Run Westy Run), Dan Murphy (Soul Asylum) and Gary Louris (The Jayhawks), along with bassist Marc Perlman (The Jayhawks). Writing for Allmusic, music critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine called the album "a loose, relaxed affair that sounds like it was a lot of fun to record...it has an offhand, relaxed charm that is sometimes lacking from Jayhawks and Soul Asylum albums. Not all of the songs are first rate—'Pecan Pie' and 'Red Headed Stepchild' are a bit too cute to be effective—but the performances are full of grit and fire, which is what makes Down By the Mainstream such an engaging listen." Jeff Gordinier of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote, "Golden Smog’s comfort food cries out for a little spice, but it warms you up, nonetheless." The band members of Golden Smog used pseudonyms in the credits. </doc> <doc id="2341954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341954" title="Clock (disambiguation)"> Clock (disambiguation) A clock is an instrument for measuring time. Clock or CLOCK may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2341955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341955" title="Type 10 grenade"> Type 10 grenade The was the first fragmentation hand grenade designed and deployed by the Imperial Japanese Army. After the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905, the Japanese army experimented with a variety of grenades; however, no design reached mass production. Japanese military observers in the European front of World War I noted the technical development and tactical application of hand grenades as infantry support weapons with considerable interest, and the Army Technical Bureau was tasked with a project to develop a grenade launcher that could be used in combination with the Type 38 rifle, the Japanese Army's standard infantry weapon. The project failed for a variety of reasons, including too small a bore, too long a gun barrel and difficulties with a propellant. The Technical Bureau then turned to a World War I-vintage German design for a small signal mortar, which was developed into the stand-alone Type 10 Grenade Discharger. The Type 10 grenade was designed for use with this grenade launcher when attached to a base containing a primer and propelling charge. It could also be thrown by hand, or fired from a rifle grenade launcher with a tail assembly added. The design of the Type 10 grenade was almost identical to the later Type 91 with a grooved 'pineapple-shaped' segmented body designed to disperse sharp fragments when it exploded. The main difference was the Type 10's serrated top. A threaded socket in the bottom of the body allowed for the attachment of an auxiliary propellant canister for use in a grenade launcher, or a finned tail assembly for use as a rifle grenade. The fuse was a percussion-activated delay type, initiated by pulling out a safety pin and striking the top of the cap, which gave a 7–8 second delay. When used as a rifle grenade or mortar round, the fuse activated automatically, as the plunger was pushed in by the force of the launch. One issue with the design was the highly variable and inaccurate fuse timing, which resulted either in premature explosion, or such a long delay that the recipient could hurl the grenade back prior to detonation. The Type 10 grenade was quickly superseded in front-line combat service by the Type 91 grenade, and survived into the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II in primarily in the form of flare shells and signal shells. </doc> <doc id="2341960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341960" title="Radhošť"> Radhošť Radhošť () is a mountain in the Czech Republic 1129 meters above sea level with a view of the Beskydy mountains. A chapel (built 1898) and a sculpture of Saints Cyril and Methodius are located on the summit and consecrate the Slavic sacred site. The mountain is a popular destination for religious pilgrimages. Referred to as the place of Slavic god Radegast, Radhošť was the host of sacred ceremonies to rejoice the god during the time of Slavic antiquity. There is a Sierra trail to mountain Pustevny with the sculpture of god Radegast on the way. The sculpture of Saints Cyril and Methodius was created by Czech-American sculptor Albin Polasek, head of the sculpture department of the Art Institute of Chicago at the time. The three-meter statue stands before a chapel earlier dedicated to the pagan god, Radegast. The broken idols at the feet of the saints stands for the work these 9th century missionaries did in overthrowing idolatry. They brought the Christian faith to Bohemia, Moravia, and Slovakia- later united as Czechoslovakia. In addition to the idols, there is a triple cross, which also known as the Slavic Cross, a variation of the Orthodox cross. The final major symbol is the book that Saint Cyril (on the right) is holding. Saint Cyril is credited with creating the eponymous Cyrillic script or Early Cyrillic alphabet. A similar statue exists at the Cathedral of Saint Paul, National Shrine of the Apostle Paul in Saint Paul, Minnesota, USA. This statue of commissioned by Archbishiop Austin Dowling in 1926 as a shrine for the Slavic immigrants in Saint Paul. This statue at Radhošť served as a suitable model for the one in Saint Paul. </doc> <doc id="2341962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341962" title="Frank Fitzgerald"> Frank Fitzgerald Frank Dwight Fitzgerald (January 27, 1885 – March 16, 1939) was an American politician. He was elected as the 34th and 36th Governor of Michigan and was the only Michigan governor to die in office. Fitzgerald was born in Grand Ledge, Michigan, the son of John Wesley Fitzgerald, a member of the Michigan State House of Representatives from Eaton County, Michigan, 1st District, 1895–1896, and Carrie G. (Foreman) Fitzgerald. He was married on June 28, 1909, to Queena M. Warner and they had one child together. He was also the father of John W. Fitzgerald, a Michigan State Senator and justice of the Michigan Supreme Court as well as chief justice in 1982. Fitzgerald was also the grandfather of Frank M. Fitzgerald, who was a member of the Michigan House from the 56th District 1987-1992 and 71st District 1993-1996. He attended Grand Ledge High School, and received further education at the Ferris Institute (now Ferris State University) in Big Rapids. Fitzgerald entered politics in 1913, serving as clerk of the State House, as well as serving as clerk of the State Senate, a position held six years. He was also deputy secretary of state from 1919 to 1923. Fitzgerald served as a delegate from Michigan to the 1924 Republican National Convention at which incumbent Calvin Coolidge was nominated for President. He was a member of Michigan Republican State Central Committee, 1925–1926 and secretary of the Michigan Republican Party, 1929-30. In 1931, he was elected Secretary of State of Michigan. He served as a delegate to the 1932 Republican National Convention, when the convention nominated incumbent President Herbert Hoover. Hoover ultimately lost to Franklin D. Roosevelt in the 1932 General Election. In 1934, Fitzgerald resigned from office to run for Governor of Michigan. He was elected, defeating Democrat Arthur J. Lacy and served a full two-year term. During his term, the state budget was balanced and the consolidation of state agencies was promoted. He was a delegate to the 1936 Republican National Convention, which nominated Alf Landon, who ultimately lost to Roosevelt in the 1936 General Election. Later that year, Fitzgerald was defeated in his bid for re-election as governor by Democrat Frank Murphy. Fitzgerald defeated Murphy in 1938, and joined John S. Barry as the only two people to serve non-consecutive terms as Governor of Michigan. He died in Grand Ledge at the age of fifty-four, only two and a half months after retaking office. Fitzgerald was the only Michigan governor to die in office and was succeeded by Lieutenant Governor Luren Dickinson. Fizgerald was a member of Freemasons, Eagles, Shriners, Knights of Pythias, Knights of the Maccabees and Odd Fellows. He is interred at Oakwood Cemetery in Grand Ledge, Michigan. </doc> <doc id="2341969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341969" title="George Neville (Archbishop)"> George Neville (Archbishop) George Neville (c. 1432 – 8 June 1476), archbishop of York and Chancellor of England, was the youngest son of Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, and Alice Neville, 5th Countess of Salisbury. He was the brother of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, known as the "Kingmaker." Neville was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, and was from his childhood destined for the clerical profession, in which through the great influence of his family he obtained rapid advancement, becoming Bishop of Exeter in 1458. He was provided to the see on 4 February 1458 and consecrated on 3 December 1458. From this time forward Neville took a prominent part in the troubled politics of the period. He was present with his brother Warwick at the Battle of Northampton in July 1460, immediately after which the Great Seal was committed to his keeping. Neville took part in the proclamation of Edward of York as king, who confirmed his appointment as Chancellor. In 1463 he was employed on a diplomatic mission in France; and in 1464, after taking part in negotiation with the Scots, Neville, after collation as Archdeacon of Carlisle circa 1463 became Archbishop of York on 15 March 1465. He also served for many years as the Chancellor of the University of Oxford. Neville's enthronement as Archbishop of York took place in Cawood Castle in September 1465 and to demonstrate the riches and power of his family, twenty eight peers, fifty nine knights, ten abbots, seven bishops, numerous lawyers, clergy, esquires, and ladies, together with their attendants and servants came to the castle. Together with the archbishop's own family and servants there were about 2500 to be fed at each meal. They consumed 4000 pigeons and 4000 crays, 2000 chickens, 204 cranes, 104 peacocks, 100 dozen quails, 400 swans and 400 herons, 113 oxen, six wild bulls, 608 pikes and bream, 12 porpoises and seals, 1000 sheep, 304 calves, 2000 pigs, 1000 capons, 400 plovers, 200 dozen of a bird called 'rees' (i.e. ruffs), 4000 mallard and teals, 204 kids and 204 bitterns, 200 pheasants, 500 partridges, 400 woodcocks, 100 curlews, 1000 egrets, over 500 stags, bucks and roes, 4000 cold and 1500 hot venison pies, 4000 dishes of jelly, 4000 baked tarts, 2000 hot custards with a proportionate quantity of bread, sugared delicacies and cakes, and 300 tuns of ale and 100 tuns of wine. As well as indicating the power of the Nevilles the menu gives a valuable insight into 15th century English avifauna. During the next few years Neville as well as his brothers fell into disfavour with Edward IV; and in June 1467 Edward took back the Great Seal in person as punishment for Neville's obstruction of the royal plans. In 1469, after a successful rising in Yorkshire secretly fomented by Warwick, the king fell into the hands of the archbishop, by whom, after a short imprisonment, he was permitted to escape. When Warwick was in turn defeated by the king's forces at Stamford in 1470, Archbishop Neville took the oath of allegiance to Edward, but during the short Lancastrian restoration which compelled Edward to cross to Holland, Neville acted as chancellor to Henry VI; and when the tide once more turned he again trimmed his sails to the favouring breeze, making his peace with Edward, now again triumphant, by surrendering Henry into his hands. The archbishop for a short time shared Henry's captivity in the Tower. Having been pardoned in April 1471, Neville was re-arrested on 25 April 1472 on a charge of treason and secretly conveyed to France, where he remained a prisoner at the castle of Hammes near Calais until November 1474, when he returned to England; he died the following year, on 8 June 1476. Archbishop Neville was a respectable scholar and a considerable benefactor of the university of Oxford and especially of Balliol College. He seems also to have shown an interest in learning Greek and to have commissioned at least one Greek manuscript. </doc> <doc id="2341972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341972" title="Surrender (1987 film)"> Surrender (1987 film) Surrender is a 1987 American comedy film that was written and directed by Jerry Belson. It stars Sally Field, Michael Caine, Steve Guttenberg, Peter Boyle and Iman. Sean Stein is a successful novelist, but after two divorces and a palimony suit, he now believes women only have loved him for his money. At a charity ball where armed thieves order guests to strip, he is bound nude to Daisy Morgan, a commercial artist. He is immediately attracted to her. Daisy is in a rather rocky relationship with Marty, a whiny, unstable lawyer who is afraid to make a commitment. Sean does not know she already has a well-off boyfriend, but he decides to play a little trick to win her. With the help of his lawyer, Jay Bass, he pretends to be a poor failure to see if Daisy will love him for himself. As their relationship develops, Sean ultimately decides to reveal his true self. But on that very day, Marty persuades Daisy that he is a changed man and that they should live together in his home. Sean is heartbroken. On moving day, Daisy accidentally sees a newspaper clipping that reveals Sean's true identity. She demands an explanation, which she accepts, telling him she realized that he is who she truly loves. However, he wonders if she only decided this after reading the article about his success and seeing his Beverly Hills home. She lies. They elope to Lake Tahoe to be married. On the way, Sean urges her to sign a prenuptial agreement. She thinks it "unromantic" but concedes. In a casino in Nevada, gambling by herself, Daisy then miraculously hits a jackpot on a slot machine, winning two million dollars. Sean returns to say he has had a change of heart and requires no prenup. Now it is Daisy who wants to know when exactly he decided this. She admits lying to him before. Marty shows up and begs her to return to him. Sean says: "You can have her." Back in Los Angeles, realizing she has made a mistake, Daisy rejects a proposal of marriage and pays off Marty for his trouble with some of her casino winnings. A disturbed Sean spots a prostitute who robbed him. He decides to avenge himself against women in general by bringing the streetwalker to his home and robbing her. She turns out to be a transvestite. Daisy suddenly bursts in and wants to marry him again, throwing all of her remaining cash at him. The prostitute picks up his gun and sees the pile of cash, but generously says: "I'll only take cab fare." Much of the film was shot in Stateline, Nevada in November 1986. </doc> <doc id="2341976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341976" title="John Abineri"> John Abineri John Abineri (18 May 1928 – 29 June 2000) was an English actor. Born in London, he attended the Old Vic drama school and described himself as "Well educated from the age of five to eighteen". He spoke a number of languages (including German, Russian and French) fluently, which led to him being cast as a number of different nationalities. His extensive television performances included numerous roles in Cult TV drama series, for which he is now probably best remembered. He had regular roles in "Survivors" as Hubert Goss, and in HTV's "Robin of Sherwood" as Herne the Hunter. He appeared on four occasions in "Doctor Who" and also in the "Blake's 7" episode Hostage, taking over the role of Ushton after the sudden death of the actor Duncan Lamont, with whom he had co-starred in the "Doctor Who" serial "Death to the Daleks". He also appeared as Sir George Mortenhurze in the BBC's The Moon Stallion, as Arnold Rimmer's father in Red Dwarf, and as Father Gruber in the 1989 TV adaptation of "Around the World in 80 Days". He received an Emmy nomination for his performance as Chingachgook in the TV adaptation of "Last Of The Mohicans" (1971) and "Hawkeye, The Pathfinder" (1973). He also played the butler in the original Ferrero Rocher Ambassador's reception advert. His film credits include roles in "Funeral in Berlin" (1966), "The McKenzie Break" (1970), "Pope Joan" (1972), "The Godfather Part III" (1990) and "Giorgino" (1994). He was the father of actors Sebastian Abineri, Daniel Abineri and Jaz Abineri. </doc> <doc id="2341978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341978" title="Bolkhov"> Bolkhov Bolkhov () is a town and the administrative center of Bolkhovsky District in Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the Nugr River (Oka's tributary), from Oryol, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 12,800 (1969); 20,703 (1897). Bolkhov was first documented in a chronicle from 1196. After the Mongol invasion of Rus', it became the seat of a local princely dynasty, whose descendants may be traced until the 19th century. In the 16th century, it became one of the fortified posts for defending Moscow from the Tatars on the south. It was there that the army of Vasily IV was defeated by False Dmitry II in 1608. During World War II, Bolkhov was occupied by the German Army from October 9, 1941 to July 28, 1943. Within the framework of administrative divisions, Bolkhov serves as the administrative center of Bolkhovsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Bolkhovsky District as the town of district significance of Bolkhov. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Bolkhov is incorporated within Bolkhovsky Municipal District as Bolkhov Urban Settlement. Bolkhov preserves four churches dating from the turn of the 18th century, including the five-domed Trinity Monastery Cathedral (1688-1706) and the Trinity church with an elongated belfry. By far the largest church in the city is the Savior's Transfiguration Cathedral, built in 1841-1851 to a design by one of Konstantin Thon's disciples. </doc> <doc id="2341980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341980" title="Chastenuel"> Chastenuel Chastenuel, part of the commune of Jax, is a village in the Haute-Loire "département" of France. The village is the location of a riding school, the Centre Equestre de Jax. </doc> <doc id="2341983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341983" title="Psoas sign"> Psoas sign The psoas sign, also known as Cope's psoas test or Obraztsova's sign, is a medical sign that indicates irritation to the iliopsoas group of hip flexors in the abdomen, and consequently indicates that the inflamed appendix is retrocaecal in orientation (as the iliopsoas muscle is retroperitoneal). The technique for detecting the psoas sign is carried out on the patient's right leg. The patient lies on his/her left side with the knees extended. The examiner holds the patient's right thigh and passively extends the hip. Alternatively, the patient lies on their back, and the examiner asks the patient to actively flex the right hip against the examiner's hand. If abdominal pain results, it is a "positive psoas sign". The pain results because the psoas borders the peritoneal cavity, so stretching (by hyperextension at the hip) or contraction (by flexion of the hip) of the muscles causes friction against nearby inflamed tissues. In particular, the right iliopsoas muscle lies under the appendix when the patient is supine, so a positive psoas sign on the right may suggest appendicitis. A positive psoas sign may also be present in a patient with a psoas abscess. It may also be positive with other sources of retroperitoneal irritation, e.g. as caused by hemorrhage of an iliac vessel. It was introduced by Zachary Cope (1881–1974), an English surgeon. </doc> <doc id="2341984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341984" title="Raymond Reiter"> Raymond Reiter Raymond Reiter (; June 12, 1939 – September 16, 2002), was a Canadian computer scientist and logician. He was one of the founders of the field of non-monotonic reasoning with his work on default logic, model-based diagnosis, closed world reasoning, and truth maintenance systems. He also contributed to the situation calculus. He was a fellow of the ACM, the AAAI, and the Royal Society of Canada. He won the IJCAI Award for Research Excellence in 1993. </doc> <doc id="2341985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341985" title="Daniella Cicarelli"> Daniella Cicarelli Daniella Cicarelli Lemos (born November 6, 1978) is an Italian-Brazilian former fashion model and TV show hostess for MTV Brasil's "Beija Sapo". She was engaged to Brazilian footballer Ronaldo for three months in 2005. In September 2006, a video of Cicarelli having sex with her boyfriend on a beach in Tarifa, Spain was shot by paparazzo Miguel Temprano and broadcast on the TV show "Dolce Vita" on the Spanish station Telecinco. The video was spread around the internet, with Cicarelli being granted legal injunctions against YouTube and other websites, leading to several Brazilian ISPs blocking YouTube. In January 2007 after a legal decision, YouTube was blocked in Brazil for two days, resulting in 5.7 million users being blocked. This decision was criticized by internet watch groups for being an extremely selfish act. This happened when Cicarelli worked as a host on MTV Brasil, provoking a torrent of nearly 80,000 emails protesting against the blockade and her legal actions. Some people even went to the building of the TV station to protest. In 2007, YouTube won the case, based on the fact that there is no expectation of privacy on a public beach. Cicarelli appealed and in 2008 the Supreme Court of the state of São Paulo changed the decision, on grounds of lack of public interest and invasion of privacy. The lawsuit isn't finished yet, because YouTube appealed and now wait for the judgment by the Federal Supreme Court. YouTube remains active in Brazil. </doc> <doc id="2341987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341987" title="Tierra (band)"> Tierra (band) Tierra is a Latin R&B band, originally from Los Angeles, California, that was first established in the 1970s by former El Chicano members Steve Salas (vocals) and his brother Rudy Salas (guitar). The other original members were Bobby Navarrete (reeds), Joey Guerra (keyboards), Steve Falomir (bass guitar), and Philip Madayag (drums) and Andre Baeza (percussion). Their biggest hit was the 1980 remake of The Intruders' 1967 hit "Together", written by Gamble & Huff, which reached #18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #9 on the US "Billboard" R&B chart. Tierra has the distinction of being the first Latino band to have four songs on the national chart with two of them in the Top 100 at the same time. Around 1973, Rudy and Steve Salas formed Tierra and their self-titled debut album was recorded. By the mid-1970s the band consisted of the Salas brothers, Rudy Villa on reeds, Kenny Román on drums and Latin-percussion, Conrad Lazano on bass, Aaron Ballesteros on drums and vocals, Alfred Rubaclava on bass and Leon Bisquera on keyboards. Around that time they recorded the album "Stranded" for the Salsoul records label. In 1980 they had a platinum hit with their version "Together" which was a remake of the 1967 song by The Intruders. The song which was written by Gamble & Huff, reached #18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #30 on the Adult Contemporary chart, and #9 on the US "Billboard" R&B chart. A few months later they had another chart hit with "Memories". Later in the year they charted again with "La La Means I Love You". In 1981, in an interview with the L.A.Times Rudy Salas was quoted as saying "Sometimes I couldn't feed my family, I'm going out to get a legitimate job." at those bleak moments, his then wife Martha Salas would intervene. "She would talk me out of it," Salas said. "She knows how I love music. She would tell me, "No way you're gonna quit, you'd just take it out on me and the kids and we'd all be miserable " "She was right". In 1995, they released their "A New Beginning" album. Around 1997, younger brother Steve supposedly quit the band after disputes over leadership of the band, money and management. In an interview he claimed that he was fired by his brother Rudy. He formed his own band and for a period of time there were two bands bearing the name Tierra. The Tierra band led by Steve Salas was booked for three nights at the Conga Room. Rudy Salas's wife Joanna Alvarado Salas contacted the club to inform them that the real Tierra was the one fronted by her husband. This led to the club's booking manager Robert Vargas getting into negotiations and mediating between the two brothers with a plan to have a band consisting of the two brothers and as many members as possible from their successful years in the early 1980s. An argument developed over the line up, and Steve Salas backed out two weeks before the concert was to take place. He then apologized, and In January 2002 they were booked to play the Conga Room. Their most recent album is "On Solid Ground" which was released in 2013. They appeared on Kid Frost's 2001 CD, "Still Up in This Shit!", performing a new version of The Notations' "I'm Still Here". Band member Isaac Avila died at age 49 of a brain hemorrhage on August 30, 2009. Johnny "The Stick" Valenzuela died some time between 2010 and 2013. Bassist Steve Falomir died due to a stroke on January 21, 2012 in Los Angeles. As of May 2015, Tierra was still active and there was talk of a collaboration between Tierra and DW3 aka Down With Three that consists of Billy Mondragon, Damon Montelongo, and Eric Mondragon. </doc> <doc id="2341996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341996" title="1958 US–UK Mutual Defence Agreement"> 1958 US–UK Mutual Defence Agreement The 1958 US–UK Mutual Defense Agreement, or UK–US Mutual Defence Agreement, is a bilateral treaty between the United States and the United Kingdom on nuclear weapons cooperation. The treaty's full name is Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Cooperation on the uses of Atomic Energy for Mutual Defense Purposes. It allows the United States and the UK to exchange nuclear materials, technology and information. While the US has nuclear cooperation agreements with other countries, including France and some NATO countries, this agreement is by far the most comprehensive. Harold Macmillan called it "the Great Prize". The treaty was signed on 3 July 1958, after the Soviet Union shocked the American public with the Sputnik crisis on 4 October 1957, and the British hydrogen bomb programme successfully tested a hydrogen bomb in the Operation Grapple test on 8 November 1957. The Anglo-American Special Relationship proved mutually beneficial, although it was never one of equals; the United States was far larger than Britain both militarily and economically. Britain soon became dependent on the United States for its nuclear weapons, as it lacked the resources to produce a range of designs. The treaty allowed American nuclear weapons to be supplied to Britain through Project E, for the use by the Royal Air Force and British Army of the Rhine. The treaty provided for the sale to the UK of one complete nuclear submarine propulsion plant, plus ten years' supply of enriched uranium to fuel it. Other nuclear material was also acquired from the United States under the treaty. Some 5.4 tonnes of UK produced plutonium was sent to the US in return for of tritium and 7.5 tonnes of highly enriched uranium between 1960 and 1979, although much of the highly enriched uranium was used not for weapons, but as fuel for the growing fleet of UK nuclear submarines. The treaty paved the way for the Polaris Sales Agreement, and the Royal Navy ultimately acquired entire weapons systems, with the UK Polaris programme and Trident nuclear programme using American missiles with British nuclear warheads. The treaty has been amended and renewed nine times. The most recent renewal extended it to 31 December 2024. During the early part of the Second World War, Britain had a nuclear weapons project, codenamed Tube Alloys. At the Quadrant Conference in August 1943, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Winston Churchill and the President of the United States, Franklin Roosevelt, signed the Quebec Agreement, which merged Tube Alloys with the American Manhattan Project to create a combined British, American and Canadian project. The Quebec Agreement established the Combined Policy Committee and the Combined Development Trust to coordinate their efforts. Many of Britain's top scientists participated in the British contribution to the Manhattan Project. The September 1944 Hyde Park Aide-Mémoire extended both commercial and military cooperation into the post-war period, but Roosevelt died on 12 April 1945, and it was not binding on subsequent administrations. In fact, it was physically lost. When Field Marshal Sir Henry Maitland Wilson raised the matter in a Combined Policy Committee meeting in June 1945, the American copy could not be found. The Quebec Agreement specified that nuclear weapons would not be used against another country without mutual consent. On 4 July 1945, Wilson gave British agreement for the use of nuclear weapons against Japan. On 8 August 1945 the Prime Minister, Clement Attlee, sent a message to President Harry Truman in which he referred to themselves as "heads of the Governments which have control of this great force". The British government had trusted that the United States would continue to share nuclear technology, which it considered to be a joint discovery. On 9 November 1945, Attlee and the Prime Minister of Canada, Mackenzie King, went to Washington, D.C., to confer with Truman about future cooperation in nuclear weapons and nuclear power. A Memorandum of Intention they signed on 16 November 1945 made Canada a full partner, and replaced the Quebec Agreement's requirement for "mutual consent" before using nuclear weapons with one for "prior consultation". There was to be "full and effective cooperation in the field of atomic energy", but British hopes were soon disappointed; this was only "in the field of basic scientific research". The United States Atomic Energy Act of 1946 (McMahon Act) ended technical cooperation. Its control of "restricted data" prevented the United States' allies from receiving any information on pain of death. This partly resulted from the arrest for espionage of British physicist Alan Nunn May in February 1946, while the legislation was being debated. Fearing a resurgence of American isolationism, and Britain losing its great power status, the British government restarted its own development effort, now codenamed High Explosive Research. By the end of 1947, of uranium ore was stockpiled for the Combined Development Trust at Springfields, near Preston in Lancashire, because the McMahon Act did not permit it to be exported from the United States, along with for British use. To gain access to this stockpile for their own nuclear weapons project, the Americans opened negotiations that resulted in the "Modus Vivendi", an agreement which was signed on 7 January 1948. This officially terminated all previous agreements, including the Quebec Agreement. It removed the British right of consultation on the use of nuclear weapons, allowed for limited sharing of technical information between the United States, Britain and Canada, and continued the Combined Policy Committee and the Combined Development Trust, although the latter was renamed the Combined Development Agency. In 1949, the Americans offered to make atomic bombs in the United States available for Britain to use if the British agreed to curtail their atomic bomb programme. This would have given Britain nuclear weapons much sooner than its own target date of late 1952. Only those bomb components required by war plans would be stored in the UK, the rest would be kept in the US and Canada. The offer was rejected by the British on the grounds that it was not "compatible with our status as a first class power to depend on others for weapons of this supreme importance." As a counter-offer, they proposed limiting the British program in return for American bombs. The opposition of key American officials, including Lewis Strauss from the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), and Senators Bourke B. Hickenlooper and Arthur Vandenberg of the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy (JCAE), coupled with security concerns aroused by the 2 February 1950 arrest of the British physicist Klaus Fuchs, as an atomic spy, caused the proposal to be dropped. The June 1951 defection of Donald Maclean, who had served as a British member of the Combined Policy Committee from January 1947 to August 1948, reinforced the Americans' distrust of British security arrangements. The first British atomic bomb was successfully tested in Operation Hurricane on 3 October 1952, but although it was more advanced than the American bombs of 1946, Britain was still several years behind in nuclear weapons technology. The United States conducted Ivy Mike, the first nuclear test of a true thermonuclear device (also known as a hydrogen bomb). The JCAE saw little benefit for the United States from sharing technology with Britain. The Soviet Union responded with the test of Joe 4, a boosted fission weapon on 12 August 1953. This prompted President Dwight Eisenhower, who was inaugurated in January 1953, to inform the United States Congress that the McMahon Act, which he considered a "terrible piece of legislation" and "one of the most deplorable incidents in American history of which he personally felt ashamed", was obsolete. At the three-power Bermuda Conference in December 1953, Eisenhower and Churchill discussed the possibility of the United States giving Britain access to American nuclear weapons in wartime. This came to be called Project E. There were technical and legal issues that had to be overcome before American bombs could be carried in British aircraft. The United States would have to disclose their weights and dimensions, while their delivery would require data concerning their ballistics. Further down the track, there would also be issues of custody, security and targeting. The release of such information was restricted by the McMahon Act. This was amended on 30 August 1954 by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, which allowed for greater exchange of information with foreign nations, paving the way for the Agreement for Cooperation Regarding Atomic Information for Mutual Defence Purposes, which was signed on 15 June 1955. On 13 June 1956, another agreement was concluded, for the transfer of nuclear submarine propulsion to Britain, saving the British government millions of pounds in research and development costs. This precipitated a row with the JCAE over whether it was permitted under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and whether Britain met the security standards set by the 1955 agreement. With the 1956 presidential election approaching, Eisenhower was forced to back down. The October 1956 Suez crisis brought relations between Britain and the United States to a low ebb. When Eisenhower met with the new Prime Minister, Harold Macmillan, in Bermuda in March 1957, he raised the possibility of basing US intermediate range ballistic missile (IRBM) systems in the UK. This came to be called Project Emily. There were also discussions on exchanging nuclear submarine propulsion technology for information on the British Calder Hall nuclear power plant, allowing the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority to purchase uranium ore from Canada, and coordinating the war plans of RAF Bomber Command with those of the Strategic Air Command. Although the IRBM negotiations pre-dated the Suez crisis, it suited the British government to tout the IRBM deal as a demonstration that the rift had been healed. Britain tested its first hydrogen bomb in the Operation Grapple test at Christmas Island on 15 May 1957. The Grapple tests were facilitated by the United States, which also claimed the island. Although the initial tests were unsuccessful, the Grapple X test on 8 November 1957 achieved the desired result. British timing was good. The Soviet Union's launch of Sputnik 1, the world's first artificial satellite, on 4 October 1957, came as a tremendous shock to the American public, who had trusted that American technological superiority ensured their invulnerability. Now, suddenly, there was incontrovertible proof that, in some areas at least, the Soviet Union was actually ahead. In the widespread calls for action in response to the Sputnik crisis, officials in the United States and Britain seized an opportunity to mend the relationship with Britain that had been damaged by the Suez Crisis. At the suggestion of Harold Caccia, the British Ambassador to the United States, Macmillan wrote to Eisenhower on 10 October urging that the two countries pool their resources, as Macmillan put it, "to meet the Soviet challenge on every front, military, political, economic and ideological." Macmillan flew to Washington, DC, for talks on 25 October, despite concerns that the 10 October Windscale fire might prove a stumbling block in negotiations. He immediately sensed how shaken the Americans had been by Sputnik. It placed the Eisenhower administration under great public pressure to act on the deployment of IRBMs by a shocked and distraught nation. Eisenhower and Macmillan agreed to form a study group headed by Sir Richard Powell, the Permanent Secretary to Ministry of Defence, and Donald A. Quarles, the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense, to consider how the deployment of IRBMs to Britain might be expedited. Another study group, under Strauss and Sir Edwin Plowden, the head of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA), would investigate nuclear cooperation and the exchange of nuclear information. The personal relationship developed between Plowden and Strauss would be crucial in converting the latter over to the idea of providing information to Britain. By December 1957, most of the issues with the IRBM negotiations had been ironed out, and a formal agreement was drawn up on 17 December 1957, although it was not until the end of the month that it was definitely determined that Britain would receive Thor and not Jupiter missiles. However, the nuclear submarine propulsion effort was running into trouble. Under the July 1956 agreement and a February 1957 directive from Eisenhower, Royal Navy officers had been assigned to study the US Navy's nuclear submarine program. By October 1957, its head, Rear Admiral Hyman G. Rickover, felt that their questions were slowing the deployment of the Polaris submarine-launched IRBM at a critical time. He feared that any delay might cause Congress to favour land-based missiles. By December, the British liaison officers were complaining of slow response to their questions. Rickover proposed that Westinghouse be permitted to sell the Royal Navy a nuclear submarine reactor, which would allow it to immediately proceed with building its own nuclear-powered submarine. The British government endorsed this idea, as it would save it a great deal of money. For their part, the British wanted the McMahon Act's restrictions on nuclear cooperation to be relaxed. They wanted to know the weight and dimensions, fusing and firing sequences, safety features, and in-flight procedures; the information that would allow American bombs to be carried in British V-bombers, and American warheads to be fitted to British Blue Streak missiles. This would potentially save millions of pounds and avoid domestic political complications if Britain had to persist with nuclear testing during an international moratorium. While the British knew what they wanted, there was no consensus among the Americans as to what they wanted to provide. The United States Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, was concerned that a special relationship with Britain might complicate the United States' relationships with its other allies. Strauss in particular felt that a proposal to give hydrogen bomb secrets to the British would likely not get past the JCAE, and counselled drafting amendments that were sufficiently vague as to give the president the authority he needed without arousing its ire. Eisenhower declared that the US and UK were "interdependent", and pledged to ask Congress to amend the McMahon Act. Crucially, he managed to secure the support of Carl T. Durham, the chairman of the JCAE. Eisenhower met with Congressional leaders on 3 December 1957, and pressed for more discretion to cooperate with all America's NATO allies, and not just Britain. Indeed the administration negotiated agreements with Australia, Canada and NATO. While Eisenhower did not yet have wholehearted support for the proposal, outright opposition from Senator Clinton P. Anderson failed to attract much support. On 27 January 1958, Strauss sent Durham the administration's proposed legislative changes, and the JCAE Subcommittee on Agreements for Cooperation, chaired by Senator John O. Pastore, held hearings from 29 to 31 January. Quarles and Major General Herbert Loper, the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Atomic Energy Affairs, were forced to deal with pointed questions about nuclear proliferation. British information security, or the lack thereof, no longer seemed so important now that the Soviet Union was apparently ahead, and the United Kingdom had independently developed the hydrogen bomb, but the JCAE objected to the terms of the proposed deal to trade British uranium-235 for American plutonium, under which the US would pay the UK $30 per gram for plutonium that cost $12 per gram to produce. The amendments were passed by the House of Representatives on 19 June, but not without changes. It now limited exchanges of nuclear weapons data to nations that had made substantial progress in the field. The same restriction applied to the actual transfer of non-nuclear components of nuclear weapons. American nuclear weapons were to remain under US custody and could only be turned over to allies in the event of war. The sale of nuclear reactors for submarines and nuclear fuel for them and other military reactors was permitted. Only Britain qualified as a nation that had made substantial progress. The bill passed Congress on 30 June 1958, and was signed into law by Eisenhower on 2 July 1958. The 1958 US–UK Mutual Defence Agreement was signed by Dulles and Samuel Hood, the British Minister in Washington, on 3 July, and approved by Congress on 30 July. The agreement enables the US and the UK to exchange classified information with the objective of improving each party's "atomic weapon design, development, and fabrication capability". While the US has nuclear cooperation agreements with other countries, including France and some NATO countries, none are similar in scope to the US-UK Mutual Defence Agreement. Macmillan called it "the Great Prize". Article 2 of the treaty covered joint development of defence plans; the mutual training of personnel in the use and defence against nuclear weapons; the sharing of intelligence and evaluation of enemy capabilities; the development of nuclear delivery systems; and the research, development and design of military reactors. The treaty called for the exchange of "classified information concerning atomic weapons when, after consultation with the other Party, the communicating Party determines that the communication of such information is necessary to improve the recipient's atomic weapon design, development and fabrication capability." The US would communicate information about atomic weapons that were similar to British atomic weapons. For the immediate future, that would exclude information about thermonuclear weapons. confidential intelligence matters are also covered by the agreement. The UK government has not published these sections "because of the necessity for great confidentiality and because ... it might well assist proliferation". Article 3 provided for the sale to the UK of one complete nuclear submarine propulsion plant, plus the uranium needed to fuel it over a ten year period. Due to concerns expressed by the JCAE, the AEC would determine the price that Britain would pay for highly enriched uranium (HEU). The treaty did not allow for non-nuclear components of nuclear weapons to be given to Britain. It was amended on 7 May 1959 to give Britain access to non-nuclear components, and to permit the transfer of special nuclear material such as plutonium, HEU and tritium. The treaty paved the way for the subsequent Polaris Sales Agreement, which was signed on 6 April 1963. The two agreements have been "the cornerstone of the UK-US nuclear relationship for nearly 60 years." The AEC invited the British government to send representatives to a series of meetings in Washington, DC, on 27 and 28 August 1958 to work out the details. The U.S. delegation included Willard Libby, AEC deputy chairman; Major General Herbert Loper; Brigadier General Alfred Starbird, AEC Director of Military Applications; Norris Bradbury, director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory; Edward Teller, director of the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory; and James W. McCrae, president of the Sandia Corporation. The British representatives were Sir Frederick Brundrett, the Chief Scientific Adviser to the Ministry of Defence and J. H. B. Macklen from the Ministry of Defence; and William Penney, William Cook and E. F. Newly from the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment at Aldermaston. The Americans disclosed the details of nine of their nuclear weapon designs: the Mark 7, Mark 15/39, Mark 19, Mark 25, Mark 27, Mark 28, Mark 31, Mark 33 and Mark 34. In return, the British provided the details of seven of theirs, including Green Grass; Pennant, the boosted device which had been detonated in the Grapple Z test on 22 August; Flagpole, the two-stage device scheduled for 2 September; Burgee, scheduled for 23 September; and the three-stage Haillard 3. The Americans were impressed with the British designs, particularly with Haillard 1, the heavier version of Haillard 3. Cook therefore changed the Grapple Z programme to fire Haillard 1 instead of Haillard 3. Macmillan noted in his diary, with satisfaction that: An early benefit of the agreement was to allow the UK to "Anglicise" the US W28 nuclear warhead as the Red Snow warhead for the Blue Steel missile. The British designers were impressed by the W28, which was not only lighter than the British Green Grass warhead used in Yellow Sun, but remarkably more economical in its use of expensive fissile material. The Yellow Sun Mark 2 using Red Snow cost £500,000 compared with £1,200,000 for the Mark 1 with Green Grass. A 1974 CIA proliferation assessment noted that "In many cases [Britain's sensitive technology in nuclear and missile fields] is based on technology received from the US and could not legitimately be passed on without US permission." The UK National Audit Office noted that most of the UK Trident programme warhead development and production expenditure was incurred in the US who would supply "certain warhead-related components". There is evidence that the warhead design of the British Trident system is similar to, or even based upon, the US W76 warhead fitted in US Navy Trident missiles, with design and blast model data supplied to the UK. Britain soon became dependent on the United States for its nuclear weapons, as it lacked the resources to produce a range of designs. The treaty allowed the UK to receive US nuclear weapons for the RAF and British Army of the Rhine under Project E. Similar custody arrangements were made for the Thor missiles supplied under Project Emily. The UK was able to carry out underground nuclear tests at the US Nevada Test Site, where the first British test took place on 1 March 1962. British nuclear testing continued there until abruptly halted by President George H. W. Bush in October 1992. Major subscritical nuclear tests continued to occur, most notably the Etna test in February 2002, and the Krakatau test in February 2006. Under the agreement 5.37 tonnes of UK-produced plutonium was sent to the US in exchange for 6.7 kg of tritium and 7.5 tonnes of HEU between 1960 and 1979. A further 470 kg of plutonium was swapped between the US and the UK for reasons that remain classified. Some of the UK produced plutonium was used in 1962 by the US for the only known nuclear weapon test of reactor-grade plutonium. The plutonium sent to the US included some produced in UK civil Magnox reactors, and the US gave assurances that this civil plutonium was not used in the US nuclear weapons program. It was used in civil programmes which included californium production and reactor research. Some of the fissile materials for the UK Trident warhead were purchased from the US, but much of the HEU supplied by the US was used not for weapons, but as fuel for the growing fleet of UK nuclear submarines. Under the treaty, the US supplied the UK with not just nuclear submarine propulsion technology, but a complete S5W pressurised water reactor of the kind used to power the US submarines. This was used in the Royal Navy's first nuclear-powered submarine, , which was launched in 1960 and commissioned in 1963. The S5W had a Nuclear reactor core that used uranium enriched to between 93 and 97 per cent uranium-235. Reactor technology was transferred from Westinghouse to Rolls Royce, which used it as the basis for its PWR1 reactor used in the UK's , , , and submarines. The UK produced HEU at its facility in Capenhurst, but production for military purposes ceased there in March 1963. Thereafter, uranium oxide was imported from Australia, Canada, Namibia, South Africa, the United States and Zaire, and processed into uranium hexafluoride at Springfields. It was then shipped to the US, where it was enriched at the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion Plant in Piketon, Ohio. HEU was then flown back to the UK in RAF aircraft. In 1994, with the Portsmouth plant about to close, the treaty was amended, with the US requirement to "provide" uranium enrichment services changed to one to "arrange" them. By March 2002, the UK had a stockpile of 21.86 tonnes of HEU, about 80 years' supply for the Royal Navy's nuclear-powered submarines. Most of the activity under the treaty is information exchange through Joint Working Groups (JOWOG). At least 15 of these were established in 1959. Subjects investigated included: Between 2007 and 2009, staff of the Atomic Weapons Establishment paid 2,000 visits to US nuclear facilities. there are also two enhanced collaborations jointly developing capabilities: The Anglo-American Special Relationship proved mutually beneficial, although it was never one of equals; the United States was far larger than Britain both militarily and economically. Lorna Arnold noted that: A 1985 report by the State Department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research reported that the US was "profoundly involved and benefited greatly" from the treaty. The treaty was amended on 7 May 1959, 27 September 1968, 16 October 1969, 22 June 1974, 5 December 1979, 5 June 1984, 23 May 1994 and 14 June 2004. Most amendments merely extended the treaty for another five or ten years; others added definitions and made minor changes. , the most recent renewal was on 22 July 2014, extending the treaty to 31 December 2024, with minor changes for the Trident nuclear programme. A 2004 legal opinion obtained by the British American Security Information Council (BASIC) argued that renewal of the treaty violated Article VI of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which required signatories to take steps towards nuclear disarmament. This was not accepted by the British government. According to Baroness Warsi, the Senior Minister of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs: </doc> <doc id="2341998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2341998" title="Melchior Neumayr"> Melchior Neumayr Melchior Neumayr (October 24, 1845 in Munich – January 29, 1890), Austrian palaeontologist, the son of Max von Neumayr, a Bavarian Minister of State. He was educated in the university of Munich, and completed his studies at Heidelberg, where he graduated Ph.D. After some experience in field-geology under KW von Gümbel, he joined the Austrian geological survey in 1868. Four years later he returned to Heidelberg, but in 1873 he was appointed professor of palaeontology in Vienna, and occupied this post until his death. His more detailed researches related to the Jurassic and Cretaceous ammonites and to the Tertiary freshwater Mollusca; and in these studies he sought to trace the descent of the species. He dealt also with the zones of climate during the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, and endeavoured to show that the equatorial marine fauna differed from that of the two temperate zones, and the latter from that of the arctic zone, much as the faunas of similar zones differ from each other in the present day; see his "Über klimatische Zonen während der Jura und Kreidezeit" (Denkschr. K. Akad. Wiss. Wien, 1883); he was author also of "Erdgeschichte" (2 vols, 1887); and "Die Stämme des Thierreiches" (vol. 1 only, 1889). </doc> <doc id="2342007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342007" title="Old River Control Structure"> Old River Control Structure The Old River Control Structure is a floodgate system in a branch of the Mississippi River in central Louisiana. It regulates the flow of water leaving the Mississippi into the Atchafalaya River, thereby preventing the Mississippi river from changing course. Completed in 1963, the complex was built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in a side channel of the Mississippi known as "Old River", between the Mississippi's current channel and the Atchafalaya Basin, a former channel of the Mississippi. The Old River Control Structure is actually a complex containing the original low-sill and overbank structures, as well as the auxiliary structure that was constructed after the low-sill structure was damaged during the Mississippi River Flood of 1973. The complex also contains a navigation lock and the Sidney A. Murray Jr. Hydroelectric Station. Before the 15th century, the Red River and Mississippi River were entirely separate and more or less parallel to one another. Beginning in the 15th century, the Mississippi River created a small, westward, oxbow loop, later called Turnbull's Bend, near present-day Angola, Louisiana. This loop eventually intersected the Red River, making the downstream part of the Red River a distributary of the Mississippi; this distributary came to be called the Atchafalaya River. In the heyday of steamboats along the Mississippi River, it would take a boat several hours to travel the 20 miles of Turnbull's Bend, after which it would have progressed only a mile or so from the entrance to the bend. To reduce travel time, Captain Henry M. Shreve, a river engineer and namesake of Shreveport, Louisiana, dug a canal in 1831 through the neck of Turnbull's Bend; this canal became known as Shreve's Cut. At the next high water, the Mississippi roared through this channel. The upper portion of Turnbull's Bend became the smaller "Upper Old River" while the lower portion became the larger "Lower Old River". At first, the Lower Old River would flow eastward, to the Mississippi, until 1839, when locals began removing a log jam that was obstructing the Atchafalaya River. The project was finished in 1840. After that, the Lower Old River would flow eastward to the Mississippi when the Red River was high and the Mississippi was low, and westward to the Atchafalaya when the Mississippi was high and the Red River was low. Over time, the number of days when the river flowed east to the Mississippi decreased and the number of days when the river flowed west increased, until eventually the Lower Old River flowed west over half the time. By 1880, it rarely flowed eastward and was now rapidly capturing more and more of the flow of the Mississippi. With this extra intake of water, the channel of the Atchafalaya River was worn deeper and wider throughout the 1800s and early 1900s. Between 1850 and 1950, the flow increased from less than 10% of the Mississippi to 30%, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began work on the Old River Control Structure to prevent the Atchafalaya becoming the main channel of the Mississippi. The project was completed in 1963, and it completely sealed off the Old river. However, a lock, a diversion channel, and flood spillway were installed to allow barges to pass between the Atchafalaya and Mississippi. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers measured the amount of water flowing through the Mississippi River and compared it to the amount entering the Atchafalaya Basin by monitoring "latitude flow" at the latitude of the Red River Landing, located five miles downstream of Old River. In this case, latitude flow is a combination of the flows of the Mississippi and Atchafalaya rivers as they cross an imaginary line at that latitude. Between 1850 and 1950, the percentage of latitude flow entering the Atchafalaya River had increased from less than 10 percent to about 30 percent. By 1953, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers concluded that the Mississippi River could change its course to the Atchafalaya River by 1990 if it were not controlled, since this alternative path to the Gulf of Mexico through the Atchafalaya River is much shorter and steeper. The Corps completed construction on the Old River Control Structure in 1963 to prevent the main channel flow of the Mississippi River from altering its current course to the Gulf of Mexico through the natural geologic process of avulsion. Historically, this natural process has occurred about every 1,000 years, and is overdue. Some researchers believe the likelihood of this event increases each year, despite artificial control efforts. If the Mississippi diverts its main channel to the Atchafalaya Basin and the Atchafalaya River, it would develop a new delta south of Morgan City in southern Louisiana, greatly reducing water flow to its present channel through Baton Rouge and New Orleans. The Mississippi Flood of 1973 almost caused the control structure to fail. Integrity of the Old River Control Structure, the nearby Morganza Spillway, and other levees in the area is essential to prevent such a diversion. Jeff Masters of "Weather Underground" noted that failure of that complex "would be a serious blow to the U.S. economy." The present Old River Control Structure was completed in 1964 and expanded in 1990. The first two floodgates are the Low Sill Control Structure, which regulates routine flow in the waterway, and the Overbank Control Structure, in use only when the Mississippi exceeds its banks. A navigation channel and lock were also part of the original facility design. Subsequent expansion created what is now known as the Old River Control Complex, when the Auxiliary Structure, which became operational in 1986, was added to reduce pressure on the original floodgates after extensive damage caused by the flood of 1973. The Sidney A. Murray Jr. Hydroelectric Station, completed in 1990, also provides an additional measure of control at the site. Water from the Mississippi is normally diverted into the Atchafalaya Basin only at Old River, where floodgates are routinely used to redirect the Mississippi's flow into the Atchafalaya River such that the volume of the two rivers is split 70%/30%, respectively, as measured at the latitude of Red River Landing. This flow split was not based on science, but rather was based on the approximate flow allocation between the two rivers that existed at the time of construction. Water diverted at Old River flows into the Atchafalaya Basin, first entering the Red River, then continuing down the Atchafalaya River to the Gulf of Mexico, bypassing Baton Rouge and New Orleans (see diagram). The Morganza Floodway, between the Mississippi and the Atchafalaya Basin nearby downstream, is normally closed, but can be opened in an emergency to relieve water levels and water-pressure stress on various levees and other flood-control structures, including the Old River Control Structure. The floodway can reduce stress by diverting additional water from the Mississippi into the Atchafalaya. The Morganza Floodway was never used before the construction of Old River Control Structure, and as of 2016 has been opened only twice for flood control since completion of the Old River Control Structure. </doc> <doc id="2342021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342021" title="Olga Nethersole"> Olga Nethersole Olga Isabella Nethersole, CBE, RRC (18 January 1867 – 9 January 1951) was an English actress, theatre producer, and wartime nurse and health educator. Olga Isabella Nethersole was born in London, of Spanish descent on her mother's side. Her father was Henry Nethersole, a solicitor. She made her stage début at Theatre Royal, Brighton in 1887. In 1888, Nethersole began playing important parts in London, at first under Rutland Barrington and John Hare at the Garrick Theatre. Nethersole toured Australia and the United States playing leading parts in modern plays, notably Clyde Fitch's "Sapho", where she and her male costar Hamilton Revelle were arrested for "violating public decency" for which she was later acquitted. Her powerful emotional acting, however, made a great effect in some other plays, such as "Carmen", in which she again appeared in America in 1906. In 1904, Nethersole portrayed the lead role in "La seconde madame Tanqueray" at the Odéon-Théâtre de l'Europe in Paris. Then she was at the Théâtre Sarah-Bernhardt in "Magda", "Sapho", "Adrienne Lecouvreur", and an adaptation of a French play by Eugène Scribe and Ernest Legouvé, "Camille", an adaptation of a French play "La Dame aux Camélias", and "The Spanish Gipsy", an adaptation of the French play "Carmen de Mérimée" in 1907. Every summer, Nethersole spent a week at the house of playwright Edmond Rostand in Cambo les Bains. In 1907, she performed Rostand’s play "La Samaritaine" an English version of it to play it in London. In a conference at the Théâtre de l'Athénée on 17 November 1908, Robert Eude said that Olga Nethersole invented the soul kiss (an especially long kiss, of which actress Maude Adams was the recordwoman). Nethersole inspired the character of "Miss Nethersoll", an American dancer, in the French novel "La Danseuse nue et la Dame a la licorne" by Rachel Gaston-Charles (1908). During World War I, Nethersole served as a nurse in London and later established the People's League of Health, for which she received the Royal Red Cross (RRC) in 1920. She combined her theatre work with health work for the rest of her life. She was created a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1936. On 9 January 1951, Nethersole died in Bournemouth, England at the age of 83. Her brother, Louis F. Nethersole, was a theatrical manager, producer and press agent and one-time husband of the American actress and singer, Sadie Martinot. Between 1885 and 1890, Olga Nethersole’s portrait was painted in Omaha, Nebraska by artist Herbert A. Collins. Attribution: </doc> <doc id="2342036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342036" title="Devin DeVasquez"> Devin DeVasquez Devin Renee DeVasquez (born June 25, 1963 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American model and actress. She was chosen as "Playboy"'s Playmate of the Month in June 1985, after being featured in the October 1981 issue's college pictorial. Her centerfold was photographed by Richard Fegley. Her father was from Madrid, Spain and her mother is of Irish descent. She appeared in "Can't Buy Me Love" with Patrick Dempsey and went on to star in "Society" with Billy Warlock. DeVasquez has appeared in over 100 commercials and authored the book "The Naked Truth About A Pinup Model", which is about pin-up modeling and includes an interview with Bettie Page. To help those who were affected by Hurricane Katrina, DeVasquez created Devin's Kickass Cajun Seasoning and offered it through her business, DevRonn Enterprises. DeVasquez won $100,000 on the television talent show, "Star Search" in 1986 and this win led to her being one of the first Hispanic Playmates featured on the cover of the November 1986 "Playboy". DeVasquez went on to an acting career. She played the virgin in "House 2". She had a supporting role in the high school film, "Can't Buy Me Love". She played Clarissa Carlyn in the thriller "Society". In 1989 DeVasquez guest starred in "Her Cups Runneth Over", a third season episode of the FOX series, "Married...With Children". She appeared in the film, "A Low Down Dirty Shame", "Busted", and "Guns". DeVasquez authored the book "The Naked Truth About A Pinup Model", "True Age, Timeless Beauty", "My Husband's A Dog, My Wife’s A Bitch", and "The Day It Snowed In April". DeVasquez writes for various magazines for "Westlake" magazine, "Splash" magazine and "Primo" magazine for Belgium. She is an active blogger for her website "www.womantowoman.tv" and "www.devronnsblog.com" which chronicles her life and travels. DeVasquez garnered three Emmys as a producer on the Amazon Prime series, "The Bay". Devin dated rock star Prince in 1985 and Sylvester Stallone in 1988 before she married Ronn Moss, who played Ridge Forrester on the CBS series "The Bold and the Beautiful". on September 25, 2009. </doc> <doc id="2342048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342048" title="Weird Tales (album)"> Weird Tales (album) Weird Tales is American band Golden Smog's second album, released in 1998. The title comes from the pulp magazine "Weird Tales", the cover art being from the October 1933 issue, by Margaret Brundage. Writing for Allmusic, music critic Michael Gallucci wrote of the album "...as expected, the best songwriters here (Gary Louris of the Jayhawks and Wilco's Jeff Tweedy) contribute Weird Tales' most solid tracks. A pet project aimed more toward fans of the genre than the casual listener, Golden Smog nonetheless deliver the goods with a good deal of twangy heart and soul." Joshua Klein of The A.V. Club wrote the album "reveals that even a musical goof-off can develop into a potent band in its own right." and called it "a first-rate collaboration that's unified in both vision and spirit." Production notes </doc> <doc id="2342050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342050" title="Ava Fabian"> Ava Fabian Ava Fabian (born April 4, 1962, in Brewster, New York) is an American model and actress. She was chosen as "Playboy's" Playmate of the Month in August 1986 and has appeared in numerous "Playboy" videos. Her centerfold was photographed by Arny Freytag and Richard Fegley. Fabian is also a former Playboy Bunny. Fabian played Roxy Carmichael in the movie "Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael", starring Winona Ryder. She has appeared in "The Drew Carey Show" and "Married... with Children". Fabian had a recurring role in the 1996 Cinemax television series "Erotic Confessions" as a character named Jacqueline Stone In November 2011, she filed a lawsuit against former companion Neal Schon of Journey, claiming he owes her more than $25,000 for their "express oral nonmarital relationship agreement" when they lived together in San Anselmo. A previous hearing had been set for early October 2012, but was called off when the parties notified the court of an "unconditional settlement" in the case and was scheduled to be dismissed in November. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed in court filings. Ava Fabian opened up a restaurant ("Ava") in Los Angeles in 1992. </doc> <doc id="2342054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342054" title="Joseph J. Palackal"> Joseph J. Palackal Joseph J. Palackal (b. at Pallippuram, near Cherthala in Alappuzha, Kerala) is an Indic musicologist, singer and composer, with special interests in the musical traditions of the Indian Christians. He is also the Founder-President of the Christian Musicological Society of India. Palackal wrote a Master's thesis at Hunter College in 1995 on the various styles of singing the "Puthenpaana" [New Song], the Malayalam poem composed by the grammarian and lexicographer Johann Ernst Hanxleden ("Arnos Paathiri"), analysing the several cultural influences. He wrote a doctoral thesis in ethnomusicology at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York in 2005 on Syriac (Aramaic) chant traditions in South India, studying on the one hand the contemporary practice of model melodies of the East-Syriac/Chaldean rite of the Syro-Malabar Church, and, on the other hand, the oktoechos of the West Syriac Rite of the Oriental Orthodox Churches of South India. As part of this doctoral work, Palackal brought out a CD, "Qambel Maran", a collection of Syriac chants in the Chaldean tradition of the Syro-Malabar Church; it includes the hymn "Awun d'wasmayya", i.e., the Lord's Prayer in Aramaic, arguably in the same words which were used by Jesus when he taught the "Pater Noster", compositions by St. Ephrem the Syrian (notably the acrostic hymn "Iso maaran m'siha" on the name "Iso M'siha", i.e., Jesus the Messiah), and the Syriac translation "Sabbah lesan" of the Latin hymn "Pange Lingua" by St. Thomas Aquinas; these chants had up to then been preserved in the main only in oral tradition; among the singers is Fr. Abel Periyappuram, the founder of the Kalabhavan and the key in the transition of the Syro-Malabar liturgy from Syriac (Aramaic) to Malayalam. Palackal is the lead vocalist for about 30 works in Malayalam, Hindi, Sanskrit, English, and Aramaic (Syriac). He brought out in 1979 an LP record, "Christian Bhajans", as part of an experiment under the aegis of Mar Cardinal Joseph Parecattil to devise a liturgy founded on the Indian musical tradition. Another work is a semi-classical rendering of the Sanskrit poem "Kristhusahasranaamam" [The Thousand Names of Christ] by the engineer and philologist I. C. Chacko, Illiparambil. He made his New York debut in 1990 with a guest appearance singing a Christian devotional song in Hindi in the off-Broadway show "Nunsense"; later performance venues include Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and Princeton University. Palackal published several research papers on music in English and Malayalam. As a consequence, he was invited to write articles on Indian Christian music in the New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians and in the Garland Encyclopedia of World Music; neither encyclopaedia had dealt with the topic before. He also published illustrations of various facets of their music, culture, and history; these include the picture of an angel playing a five-stringed violin as carved on the wooden altar of St. Mary's Forane Church, Pallippuram, the iconic portrait of Christ the Guru drawn by Joy Elamkunnapuzha, and the picture of the granite Cross(c. 700 A. D.) at St. Thomas Mount, Chennai, the earliest available material evidence for a flourishing Christian community in India. As composer, Palackal and George Thaila, commissioned by the Syro-Malabar Church, created music for the English Solemn High Mass in the Chaldean rite. In an attempt to illumine the heritage of the Indian Christians, Palackal conceived and produced the documentary film "Kerala: the Cradle of Christianity in South Asia". Palackal studied Hindustani classical music (vocal) under N. V. Patwardhan, graduating from the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda; he holds degrees in Christian theology and psychology, the latter with a Gold medal from the Faculty of Arts of M. S. University, and held a National Merit Scholarship. He was, for a time, Dean of Studies at the Kalabhavan under Fr. Abel. He also founded Nadopasana (1986), a society for the promotion of Indian classical and choral music, at Upasana Centre, Thodupuzha. Palackal hails from the family of Palackal Thoma Malpan, the senior founder of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate, a monastic order which has served as a vessel to preserve many of the musical traditions of Indian Christianity, and grew up in the musical traditions of the Syro-Malabar Church. He lives in New York City. </doc> <doc id="2342066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342066" title="David Dalhoff Neal"> David Dalhoff Neal David Dalhoff Neal (October 20, 1838May 2, 1915), was an American artist. David Dalhoff Neal was born to father Stephen Bryant Neal and mother Mary (Dalhoff) Neal, on Middlesex Street, in Lowell, Massachusetts. His grandparents were Stephen Neal, and David Dalhoff and Sally (Bean) Dalhoff of Canterbury, New Hampshire, Dolhoffs that emigrated from Russia in 1763, for whom he was named. His mother's family, the Beans, migrated from the Netherlands in the early 1830s. His aunt Elizabeth Dolhoff was very artistic, and his uncle Jesse Dolhoff was a great singer. He attended Lowell grammar schools, and high school at Lawrence, Massachusetts. Deciding to devote himself to the study of art, he then attended art classes at the recently opened Andover Academy in Andover, New Hampshire. When Neal was 14, his father died and his fortunes were "impaired", so he set sail for New Orleans. Here at the age of 15, he worked the docks as a wharf clerk with a wood shipping firm dealing in Brazilian and Honduran mahogany. After a year, he earned enough money to make his way to San Francisco, via the Isthmus of Panama. In 1857, at the age of 19, Neal settled in San Francisco. He was hired as a draughtsman on wood by a friendly wood-engraver, who took an interest in him, and taught him the art. Soon after, he became the city's best ink drawer upon blocks used by engravers. In fact, his sketching ability was so good that he was hired, from time to time, by the police for likenesses of criminals for the Rogue's Gallery. The first exhibit of his work was at the San Francisco Mechanics' Institute in 1857, and his second was at the 1859 California State Fair. After two years he earned enough money to return to New England for a short while to take art classes at the Andover Academy, but returned to San Francisco when his money ran out. Once back, Neal quickly established himself as one of the city's best portrait artists. He painted portraits of Rev. Mark Hopkins, millionaire Ogden Mills, Judge Hoffman, and Mayor Adolph Sutro, to name a few. While living in California, Neal became friends with Bret Harte and Charles Christian Nahl, with whom he learned many of his early painting techniques. In an interview with art critic Wilfrid Meynell, Neal recalls the conversation, which brought him to Munich: A wealthy individual happened upon David as he was painting, and after a moment he simply asked; "When do you intend to go to Europe?" David replied; "As soon as I have the means." "How much have you?" "Eight hundred dollars." "Well, my wife and I are going to New York by the next steamer. You had better go along." So, with that, and after four years in San Francisco, 1861 he was off to Munich to attend the Royal Academy. Neal arrived in Hamburg on New Year's Eve, 1862. Now, 24 years old, he became a pupil of the Royal Academy, Munich, under Kaulbach where he concentrated on the art of drawing, and then painting and the art of architectural perspective under famous glass artist Max Emanuel Ainmiller, whose daughter he subsequently married soon after he entered the academy, despite the "... difficulties and objections that took on the realistic guise of romance". Marie Ainmiller and David Neal were married December 9, 1862. They had a son, Maximilian Dalhoff Neal, on March 26, 1865, named after Marie's father, and who would later become a great German dramatist. Under the direction of his father-in-law, David first travelled to Italy, where he painted the interior of St Mark's Basilica, Venice, and then to England, where he painted the interior of Westminster Abbey. Neal was confronted with major opposition in Westminster, being denied twice. It took a letter from Arthur Penrhyn Stanley, Dean of Westminster, before he gained permission to paint, with which he was able to come and go as he pleased through the dean's private doors. After all, it was his father-in-law that had done a lot of the glass work in the abbey. In 1869 he entered the studio of Alexander Wagner, then Karl von Piloty. Under Piloty, Neal's first painting was a portrait of James Watt, which was exhibited at the Royal Academy in London where it was purchased by the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Benjamin S. Phillips. Just a few months later, Neal's mentor and father-in-law Max died on David and Marie's eighth wedding anniversary. Around the same time, Marie gave birth to their second son, Heinrich Neal, who later would become Kapellmeister at Heidelberg. Around the same time Neal painted "Retour de Chasse" (1870) which later became known as "After the Chase", an oil-on-canvas still life that became one of his first great successes. In 1873 Neal had an exhibition back in California at the San Francisco Art Academy. He later painted "The First Meeting of Mary Stuart and Rizzio", which won him the great medal of the Royal Bavarian Academy of Art, the first awarded to an American. He stayed at the studio till 1876. In 1877, Neal made a year-long whirlwind trip to the United States, bouncing from city to city, traveling and painting as he went. In a personal letter dated February 2, 1878 he writes back to a childhood friend and art collector, on Middlesex Street in Lowell, Massachusetts, addressed to Mrs. F. Cutting, that describes his hectic work schedule as an artist: "I have four engagements here to meet, and two in New York, before I can engage to paint any more. I left three unpainted in Chicago, which I had half promised to do. ...I must positively be in Munich by the 1st of May as I have an appointment there with a gentleman who desires to purchase my next large historical picture. I am at present painting Mr. & Mrs. Talbot and shall visit Boston for a day or so and will have the pleasure of talking over the matter of your portrait with you." Neal did not make it back to Munich till November, and not before his wife met him in Paris, where he later wrote: "Mrs. Neal met me in Paris. Had it not been for the exhibition nothing could have kept me from hurrying home by the first train, such was my longing to see my babies. My arrival there was the occasion of a great festival on the part of the children, who had the rooms you know so well handsomely decorated. They all seemed at first to be at least a head taller, but after a week they managed to get back to their old proportions. Thirteen months are a great deal upon a child's head." Neal, his wife and sons stayed in Munich, but he traveled extensively to sell and exhibit his works, as he maintained his U.S. citizenship, and divided his time between the two countries with his address of Auen Strasse 74 & later Frauen Strasse 7, in Munich, Bavaria, as well as staying in Albert Bierstadt's house at 1111 Carnegie Hall, New York City. He was a member of the National Academy of Design in New York, as well as the Boston Art Club, 1886, and the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. In the publication, "Modern Art and Artists", in 1888, art critic Wilfrid Meynell comments on Neal's works. Neal continued to paint portraits when in the States, including the daughters of Ogden Mills, Beatrice Mills and Gladys Mills Phipps. Just after 35 years of marriage, his wife died on September 29, 1897. A few months later, Neal decided to return to the United States for a full two-year painting and exhibition tour. His trip started with a little scare, as the passenger ship "Pretoria" out of Hamburg had engine failure, and Neal along with the rest of the passengers drifted about the Atlantic, turning their fifteen-day voyage into thirty-five days. Once back in the States, Neal quickly got to work, traveling and setting up studios in Washington, Cleveland, New York, and so on, including his second exhibition at the San Francisco Art Academy in 1898. On June 18, 1899, "The New York Times" ran a full-page article describing David Neal's works with two paintings printed, "Portrait of Mille N." and "Nuns at Prayer". His son Max Neal began his career as an author and playwright, with works such as "The Collie and the Cat" and "Der Hochtourist" (co-author). When the play "The Collie and the Cat" was to be given at the Irving Place Theatre in New York, David had written to the editor of "The New York Times" on December 6, 1904 for clarification, and published as "to the Editor of the New York Times": "In receipt of a clipping from your valuable paper, in which it is stated that "Max Neal... is said to be an American from Hoboken," allow me to say in correction that my son, Max Neal, though coming from pure New England stock, was born in Munich, and has never been in America." Just as World War I was beginning, Neal and his family were trapped on the German side. He died on May 2, 1915, at the age of 76, as the Allies' blockade choked the life out of the city of Munich. All in all, Neal painted some seventy portraits. Six of David Dalhoff Neal's personal letters are currently housed in the Bancroft Library on the University of California, Berkeley campus under the "Adolph Sutro papers". </doc> <doc id="2342076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342076" title="Kerri Hoskins"> Kerri Hoskins Kerri Ann Hoskins-Branson (born February 20, 1970 in Cambridge, Minnesota) is a former glamour model and video game actress. She is best known for portraying Sonya Blade in several incarnations of the game beginning with "Mortal Kombat 3" and toured the United States and Europe portraying Sonya Blade in the "", appearing at venues like Radio City Music Hall. She also appeared in a number of other games produced by Midway Games including "Revolution X" and "NBA Jam", and is a secret character in "". She trained for two years in Tang Soo Do, a Korean martial art; John Tobias noted her to be "actually very good" and "punching like a guy." She has also modeled for "Playboy" magazine. According to a re-published newspaper article dated 2001, Kerri Hoskins is married and her last name changed to Branson; as of that date, Branson lives in North Aurora, Illinois, where she raises two twin boys who suffer from severe cerebral palsy. She has four children: Leah, Sam, Luke and Zachary. In October 2012, Hoskins ran for a seat on the Kane County, Illinois board. </doc> <doc id="2342078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342078" title="List of The Brady Bunch episodes"> List of The Brady Bunch episodes "The Brady Bunch" is a sitcom created by Sherwood Schwartz. The show follows Mike Brady (Robert Reed), a widowed architect with sons Greg (Barry Williams), Peter (Christopher Knight) and Bobby (Mike Lookinland). Mike marries Carol Martin (Florence Henderson), whose daughters from her previous marriage are Marcia (Maureen McCormick), Jan (Eve Plumb) and Cindy (Susan Olsen). They all move into the house designed by Mike in southern California. Also living with them is the housekeeper, Alice (Ann B. Davis), and the dog, Tiger. Most of the episodes revolved around the kids and their misadventures that often led to Mike's "lectures." The series premiered on ABC on September 26, 1969. The series ran for five seasons, with all 117 episodes originally airing on Fridays. The series ran in the 8 p.m. U.S. Eastern time slot, with the exception of season two, which aired at 7:30 p.m. Throughout its original run "The Brady Bunch" received mostly negative reviews and never broke into the Nielsen top thirty. Ratings, however, were moderate enough to remain for five seasons. Ratings began to dip in season five, and in order to boost viewership of its much-needed younger audience, Schwartz introduced a new character: the Bradys' cousin Oliver (Robbie Rist) late in the season. Schwartz's plan failed, and the series was canceled before the start of the 1974 fall season. Of the nine main cast members, only Florence Henderson, Ann B. Davis, and Barry Williams appear in all 117 episodes. Robert Reed does not appear in two episodes ("Goodbye, Alice, Hello" in season 4, and the final episode of the series). Each of the other five Brady kids is absent from one of five different episodes during season two. The show also featured a number of guest stars of that era, such as Davy Jones, Desi Arnaz Jr., Vincent Price, Joe Namath and Deacon Jones. The episodes aired on ABC in an order different from when they were produced. When put into syndication, the episodes began airing in the order in which they were made. On the DVD releases, all the episodes are in the order in which they originally aired. <onlyinclude> </onlyinclude> </doc> <doc id="2342081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342081" title="John Maguire (archbishop of Glasgow)"> John Maguire (archbishop of Glasgow) John Aloysius Maguire (1851–1920) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Archbishop of Glasgow from 1902 to 1920. Born in Glasgow on 8 September 1851, he was educated successively at St Mungo's Academy and St Aloysius' College, Glasgow, at Stonyhurst College, Glasgow University, and the Collegio di Propaganda Fide, Rome. Following his ordination to the priesthood on 27 March 1875, he became an assistant priest in St. Andrew's Pro-Cathedral, Glasgow, and Diocesan Secretary four years later. In 1883, he was made incumbent at Partick, he became a Canon in 1884, Vicar-General in 1885, and Provost of the Chapter in 1893. He was appointed an Auxiliary Bishop of Glasgow and Titular Bishop of "Trocmades" by Pope Leo XIII on 6 April 1894. His consecration to the Episcopate on 11 June 1894; the principal consecrator was Archbishop Angus MacDonald of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh, with Bishop James August Smith of Dunkeld and Bishop William Turner of Galloway, serving as co-consecrators. Following the death of Archbishop Charles Petre Eyre on 27 March 1902, Maguire was appointed the Archbishop of the archiepiscopal see of Glasgow on 4 August 1902. He took formal possession of his cathedral church St Andrew's Cathedral and was enthroned on 21 September 1902. His power of swaying a large multitude by oratory was demonstrated at the 19th International Eucharistic Congress, held in London in 1908, when he quieted the thousands of assembled Roman Catholics who were infuriated at the government's interference with the proposed procession of the Blessed Sacrament in the streets of Westminster. He died at his residence at Crosshill House in Glasgow on 14 October 1920, aged 69, and was buried in Old Dalbeth cemetery, Braidfauld. </doc> <doc id="2342083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342083" title="El Chicano"> El Chicano El Chicano is an American brown-eyed soul group from Los Angeles, California, whose style incorporates various modern music genres including rock, funk, soul, blues, jazz, and salsa. The group's name is from Chicano, a term for United States citizens of typically Mexican descent. El Chicano, originally formed by Freddie Sanchez under the name The VIP's arose during a period of increasing Chicano consciousness in America. Their initial hit, "Viva Tirado", was a jazzy soul rock rendition of Gerald Wilson's original song about a bullfighter. The song did very well on Los Angeles radio and remained #1 for thirteen straight weeks. Other notable tracks recorded by El Chicano are the funky "Tell Her She's Lovely" as well as a cover of Van Morrison's 1967 hit, "Brown Eyed Girl". Original members of El Chicano include Bobby Espinosa, Freddie Sanchez, Mickey Lespron, Andre Baeza, and John De Luna. Ersi Arvisu was lead singer. During the 1970s, new members Rudy Regalado, Max Garduno, Danny Lamonte, Brian Magness, Jerry Salas, Joe Pererria. joined the group. On their 1970 album, "Viva Tirado" the group covered Herbie Hancock's jazz standard "Cantaloupe Island". The song was one of nine on the album, which included the hit single "Viva Tirado" that went gold. El Chicano continues to be active with a combination of original and new members. They performed on the 2009 PBS pledge break special, "Trini Lopez Presents 'The Legends of Latin Rock' ", along with Thee Midniters, Tierra, and Gregg Rolie (of Santana and Journey fame). Original keyboardist, Bobby Espinosa ‒ who laid down Hammond organ on some of El Chicano's most recognizable tracks ‒ died on February 27, 2010. Former percussionist, Rudy Regalado, who spent twelve years with the band died on November 4, 2010. Latin percussionist of former Santana renown, Walfredo Reyes, Jr., recorded with the band from 2010 to 2012, and is currently performing with the band Chicago. </doc> <doc id="2342086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342086" title="Kamenetz"> Kamenetz Kamenetz may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2342087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342087" title="Arizona, Atlántida"> Arizona, Atlántida Arizona () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. The villages of Cangelica, Chiquito, El Cedro, El Coco, El Retiro, Hicaque, Jilamo, Las Palmas, Los Bolos, Matarras, Mezapa, Mojiman, Oropendolas, Planes de Hicaque, Quebradas de Arena, Santa Maria, Uluasito and Zapote are located in Arizona. </doc> <doc id="2342090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342090" title="KWWL (TV)"> KWWL (TV) KWWL is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Waterloo, Iowa, United States and serving the Eastern Iowa television market (Cedar Rapids–Waterloo–Iowa City–Dubuque). It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 7 from a transmitter located north of Rowley, Iowa, a city in Buchanan County. The station can also be seen on Mediacom channel 7 and in high definition on digital channel 807. Owned by Quincy Media, KWWL maintains studios on East 5th Street in Waterloo. The station also operates newsrooms and sales offices in Cedar Rapids, Dubuque and Iowa City. When the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) opened up bids for channel 7 in Waterloo, it was obvious that the license would either go to Sonderling Broadcasting, owner of KXEL (AM 1540), or R.J. McElroy and his Black Hawk Broadcasting Company, owner of KWWL (AM 1330, now KPTY). After a long legal battle, Black Hawk won the license, and KWWL-TV signed on for the first time on November 29, 1953—a Thanksgiving Day present to eastern Iowa. The station was originally affiliated with NBC and the DuMont network. During the late 1950s, the station was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network. In 1980, Black Hawk agreed in principle to merge with Forward Communications. However, the FCC told Black Hawk and Forward that it would have to sell either KWWL-AM-FM or channel 7. The KWWL stations had been grandfathered under a 1970s FCC rule banning common ownership of radio and television stations. When Forward decided to keep the radio stations, Black Hawk sold channel 7, along with sister station KTIV in Sioux City, to AFLAC just before the merger closed. In 1997, AFLAC sold its entire broadcasting division, including KWWL, to Raycom Media. In 2006, Raycom sold KWWL and a handful of other stations following its purchase of The Liberty Corporation in late 2005. Quincy Newspapers became owner of KWWL on July 1, 2006. The merger made QNI the owner of four of the NBC affiliates serving Iowa, along with flagship station WGEM-TV in Quincy, Illinois, KTTC in Rochester, Minnesota, and Black Hawk/AFLAC sibling KTIV, which had been sold to QNI in 1989. KWWL has been digital-only since February 17, 2009. The "KWWL" callsign was legally transferred from the now-defunct analog channel 7 to the new digital channel 7, with the "KWWL-DT" callsign being permanently discontinued. However, the PSIP identifier still identifies KWWL's main channel on 7.1 as "KWWL-DT." On November 1, 2010, the FCC granted KWWL a construction permit for a 300-watt digital fill-in translator on channel 7 (the same frequency as their main channel). The translator will serve the immediate part and areas northwest of Dubuque. The permit was later cancelled on June 6, 2013. KWWL-DT2 began operations in November 2004 as an affiliate of NBC Weather Plus, airing national weather forecasts from the service as well as inserts of local weather forecasts from the KWWL weather center. However, on October 7, 2008, NBC Universal announced that they would shut down the NBC Weather Plus service by December 31, 2008, concurrently, in January 2009, that subchannel began airing RTV programming. In late-April 2011, KWWL-DT2 dropped RTV and became affiliated with This TV, a digital broadcast television network which places a large programming emphasis on films obtained from the MGM library and also airs classic television programming. In April 2016, KWWL announced that they would add programming from The CW on KWWL-DT2 beginning on September 12, 2016. At the same time, KWWL-DT2 ended its five-year affiliation with This TV. This resulted in an affiliation swap between KWWL-DT2 and Iowa City based KWKB (channel 20), the Cedar Rapids market's former CW affiliate, which then became the This TV affiliate for the Cedar Rapids market. In late 2014, the KWWL building underwent a major renovation project, which involved extensive interior and exterior work. The neighboring American Legion building was demolished to make way for a new parking lot. This also led to the building's "front" changing from the 4th Street side to the 5th Street side. Further exterior work restored the 4th Street side to how it appeared when the building was first constructed in the early 1900s. This included restoring original trim and detail work, as well as the large windows which surrounded half the building. On the interior, the newsroom and studio were relocated to the newly renovated and updated second floor. The new KWWL set debuted on October 26, 2016. A week later, demolition and remodeling of the first floor began. In July 2017, the remainder of KWWL's departments (Marketing, Sales and Administration) moved to their new location on the first floor. The Grand Opening was held on September 20, 2017. Syndicated programs aired by KWWL include "Wheel of Fortune", "Jeopardy!", "Inside Edition", and "Steve". On April 11, 2010, KWWL became the first station in eastern Iowa and the first QNI station to broadcast its newscasts in high definition. At this time, its updated its logo, removing the large blue circle that surrounded the 7. 1. Lipps, Rick and Weaver, Tim. "KWWL Station History" (https://web.archive.org/web/20050310021154/http://www.kwwl.com/Global/story.asp?S=277765) Date Accessed: July 30, 2005. Waterloo, Iowa: KWWL. </doc> <doc id="2342095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342095" title="Web framework"> Web framework A web framework (WF) or web application framework (WAF) is a software framework that is designed to support the development of web applications including web services, web resources, and web APIs. Web frameworks provide a standard way to build and deploy web applications. Web frameworks aim to automate the overhead associated with common activities performed in web development. For example, many web frameworks provide libraries for database access, templating frameworks, and session management, and they often promote code reuse. Although they often target development of dynamic web sites, they are also applicable to static websites. As the design of the World Wide Web was not inherently dynamic, early hypertext consisted of hand-coded HTML that was published on web servers. Any modifications to published pages needed to be performed by the pages' author. In 1993, the Common Gateway Interface (CGI) standard was introduced for interfacing external applications with web servers, to provide a dynamic web page that reflected user inputs. Original implementations of the CGI interface typically had adverse effects on the server load however, because each request started a separate process. More recent implementations utilize persistent processes amongst other techniques to reduce the footprint in the server's resources and offer a general performance boost. In 1995, fully integrated server/language development environments first emerged and new web-specific languages were introduced, such as ColdFusion, PHP, and Active Server Pages. Although the vast majority of languages for creating dynamic web pages have libraries to help with common tasks, web applications often require specific libraries for particular tasks, such as creating HTML (for example, JavaServer Faces). In the late 1990s, mature, "full stack" frameworks began to appear, that often gathered multiple libraries useful for web development into a single cohesive software stack for web developers to use. Examples of this include ASP.NET, Java EE, WebObjects, web2py, OpenACS, Catalyst, Mojolicious, Ruby on Rails, Laravel, Grails, Django, Zend Framework, Sails.js, Yii, CakePHP, and Symfony. Most web frameworks are based on the model–view–controller (MVC) pattern. Many frameworks follow the MVC architectural pattern to separate the data model with business rules from the user interface. This is generally considered a good practice as it modularizes code, promotes code reuse, and allows multiple interfaces to be applied. In web applications, this permits different views to be presented, such as web pages for humans, and web service interfaces for remote applications. Most MVC frameworks follow a push-based architecture also called "action-based". These frameworks use actions that do the required processing, and then "push" the data to the view layer to render the results. Django, Ruby on Rails, Symfony, Spring MVC, Stripes, Sails.js, Diamond, CodeIgniter are good examples of this architecture. An alternative to this is pull-based architecture, sometimes also called "component-based". These frameworks start with the view layer, which can then "pull" results from multiple controllers as needed. In this architecture, multiple controllers can be involved with a single view. Lift, Tapestry, JBoss Seam, JavaServer Faces, (µ)Micro, and Wicket are examples of pull-based architectures. Play, Struts, RIFE, and ZK have support for both push- and pull-based application controller calls. In three-tier organization, applications are structured around three physical tiers: client, application, and database. The database is normally an RDBMS. The application contains the business logic, running on a server and communicates with the client using HTTP. The client on web applications is a web browser that runs HTML generated by the application layer. The term should not be confused with MVC, where, unlike in three-tier architecture, it is considered a good practice to keep business logic away from the controller, the "middle layer". Frameworks are built to support the construction of internet applications based on a single programming language, ranging in focus from general purpose tools such as Zend Framework and Ruby on Rails, which augment the capabilities of a specific language, to native-language programmable packages built around a specific user application, such as content management systems, some mobile development tools and some portal tools. Web frameworks must function according to the architectural rules of browsers and web protocols such as HTTP, which is stateless. Webpages are served up by a server and can then be modified by the browser using JavaScript. Either approach has its advantages and disadvantages. Server-side page changes typically require that the page be refreshed, but allow any language to be used and more computing power to be utilized. Client-side changes allow the page to be updated in small chunks which feels like a desktop application, but are limited to JavaScript and run in the user's browser, which may have limited computing power. Some mix of the two is typically used. Applications which make heavy use of JavaScript are called single-page applications and typically make use of a client-side JavaScript web framework to organize the code. Examples include Backbone.js, AngularJS, EmberJS, ReactJS and Vue.js. Frameworks typically set the control flow of a program and allow the user of the framework to "hook into" that flow by exposing various events. This "inversion of control" design pattern is considered to be a defining principle of a framework, and benefits the code by enforcing a common flow for a team which everyone can customize in similar ways. For example, some popular "microframeworks" such as Ruby's Sinatra (which inspired Express.js) allow for "middleware" hooks prior to and after HTTP requests. These middleware functions can be anything, and allow the user to define logging, authentication and session management, and redirecting. Web caching is the caching of web documents in order to reduce bandwidth usage, server load, and perceived "lag". A web cache stores copies of documents passing through it; subsequent requests may be satisfied from the cache if certain conditions are met. Some application frameworks provide mechanisms for caching documents and bypassing various stages of the page's preparation, such as database access or template interpretation. Some web frameworks come with authentication and authorization frameworks, that enable the web server to identify the users of the application, and restrict access to functions based on some defined criteria. Drupal is one example that provides role-based access to pages, and provides a web-based interface for creating users and assigning them roles. Many web frameworks create a unified API to a database backend, enabling web applications to work with a variety of databases with no code changes, and allowing programmers to work with higher-level concepts. Additionally, some object-oriented frameworks contain mapping tools to provide object-relational mapping, which maps objects to tuples. Some frameworks minimize web application configuration through the use of introspection and/or following well-known conventions. For example, many Java frameworks use Hibernate as a persistence layer, which can generate a database schema at runtime capable of persisting the necessary information. This allows the application designer to design business objects without needing to explicitly define a database schema. Frameworks such as Ruby on Rails can also work in reverse, that is, define properties of model objects at runtime based on a database schema. Other features web frameworks may provide include transactional support and database migration tools. A framework's URL mapping or routing facility is the mechanism by which the framework interprets URLs. Some frameworks, such as Drupal and Django, match the provided URL against pre-determined patterns using regular expressions, while some others use rewriting techniques to translate the provided URL into one that the underlying engine will recognize. Another technique is that of graph traversal such as used by Zope, where a URL is decomposed in steps that traverse an object graph (of models and views). A URL mapping system that uses pattern matching or rewriting to route and handle requests allows for shorter more "friendly URLs" to be used, increasing the simplicity of the site and allowing for better indexing by search engines. For example, a URL that ends with "/page.cgi?cat=science&topic=physics" could be changed to simply "/page/science/physics". This makes the URL easier for people to remember, read and write, and provides search engines with better information about the structural layout of the site. A graph traversal approach also tends to result in the creation of friendly URLs. A shorter URL such as "/page/science" tends to exist by default as that is simply a shorter form of the longer traversal to "/page/science/physics". Ajax, shorthand for ""Asynchronous JavaScript and XML"", is a web development technique for creating web applications. The intent is to make web pages feel more responsive by exchanging small amounts of data with the server behind the scenes, so that the entire web page does not have to be reloaded each time the user requests a change. This is intended to increase a web page's interactivity, speed, and usability. Due to the complexity of Ajax programming in JavaScript, there are numerous Ajax frameworks that exclusively deal with Ajax support. Some Ajax frameworks are even embedded as a part of larger frameworks. For example, the jQuery JavaScript library is included in Ruby on Rails. With the increased interest in developing "Web 2.0" rich media applications, the complexity of programming directly in Ajax and JavaScript has become so apparent that compiler technology has stepped in, to allow developers to code in high-level languages such as Java, Python and Ruby. The first of these compilers was Morfik followed by Google Web Toolkit, with ports to Python and Ruby in the form of Pyjs and RubyJS following some time after. These compilers and their associated widget set libraries make the development of rich media Ajax applications much more akin to that of developing desktop applications. Some frameworks provide tools for creating and providing web services. These utilities may offer similar tools as the rest of the web application. A number of newer Web 2.0 RESTful frameworks are now providing resource-oriented architecture (ROA) infrastructure for building collections of resources in a sort of Semantic Web ontology, based on concepts from Resource Description Framework (RDF). </doc> <doc id="2342096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342096" title="The Front (The Simpsons)"> The Front (The Simpsons) "The Front" is the nineteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fourth season. It originally aired in the United States on the Fox network on April 15, 1993. In the episode, Bart and Lisa decide to write an episode of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show"; after their script is rejected, they resubmit it under the name of their grandfather Abraham Simpson, resulting in Grampa being hired as a staff writer. Meanwhile, Homer returns to high school to retake a failed science course. The episode was written by Adam I. Lapidus and directed by Rich Moore. It is the only "Simpsons" episode written by Lapidus. After being disappointed by a new episode of "Itchy & Scratchy", Bart and Lisa decide that they can write a better one themselves. Inspired by the sight of Homer accidentally slicing Marge's hair off with hedge shears, they write a script titled "Little Barbershop of Horrors", but their episode is rejected by Roger Meyers Jr., head of Itchy & Scratchy International. Correctly guessing that Meyers did not take them seriously because they were children, they resubmit the manuscript under Grampa's name, leading Meyers to hire Grampa as a staff writer. Bart and Lisa inform Grampa of their scheme, and the trio conspire to continue passing off Bart and Lisa's scripts as Grampa's, splitting the money three ways. For his work on "Itchy & Scratchy", Grampa is nominated for an award for Outstanding Writing in a Cartoon Series. When Grampa sees "Itchy & Scratchy" for the first time in a clip show introducing the award, he is appalled at the violent humor, and turns his acceptance speech into an assault on both the cartoon and the audience amused by it. He storms off the stage amidst boos and thrown vegetables. Grampa gives the award to Bart and Lisa, and Bart swears never to watch an award show again, unless Billy Crystal is featured. In the subplot, Homer and Marge attend their "Class of 1974" high school reunion, where they have a great time and Homer wins a variety of humorous awards. However, Principal Dondelinger interrupts the ceremony to announce that Homer never graduated high school because he failed a remedial science course, leading Dondelinger to revoke Homer's awards. Determined to win back the accolades, Homer retakes the course and passes the final exam, finally graduating. The conclusion of the episode features a brief segment, complete with its own theme song, entitled "The Adventures of Ned Flanders". In the sketch, Ned is upset with his sons for not wanting to go to church, until they inform him that it is Saturday and the family laughs together. "The Front" was written by Adam I. Lapidus and directed by Rich Moore. In the early 1990s, Lapidus saw a news report on television about three 13-year-old girls - Renee Carter, Sarah Creef, and Amy Crosby - who had written a script for "Tiny Toon Adventures", titled "Buster And Babs Go Hawaiian". The show's executive producer, Steven Spielberg, liked the script so much that he brought the three to Hollywood to work with the show's writing staff. Upon seeing the report, Lapidus thought, "That would really be a neat idea for Bart and Lisa." He wrote a spec script, which made its way via executive producer James L. Brooks to the "Simpsons" staff, who hired Lapidus to write the episode. "The Front" is the only "Simpsons" episode written by Lapidus, causing some dispute among the show's fans as to whether he actually exists or was perhaps a pseudonym. Lapidus' mother-in-law came upon one such debate on an Internet forum. The initial running time for "The Front" was "way, "way" short", and the writers had to use "every trick in the book" to make the episode reach the minimum length. Even after greatly expanding the original script and adding an extra-long couch gag during the opening sequence, the episode was still one minute too short; "The Adventures of Ned Flanders" was added to address the problem. The segment, which plays at the end of the episode, was designed purely as filler and had nothing to do with the other events of the episode. Showrunner Mike Reiss later commented, "As always, when we try something bold and new the general reaction is, 'What the hell was that?'" The scene was also an homage to Archie Comics, which sometimes used a similar technique to fill a final page; the font used in the scene's title card is similar to the font used by "Archie". The short inspired writers Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein to produce the season seven episode "22 Short Films About Springfield". The Fox network censors had two objections to "The Front". The first issue was with a dream sequence in which Bart points a machine gun at Santa Claus and hijacks his sleigh. The second objection was to a scene not included in the finished episode, in which "Itchy & Scratchy" animators are seen observing a cat, and then putting a stick of dynamite in the cat's mouth and lighting it. As Meyers, Bart and Lisa continue down the studio's corridor, an explosion emanates from the room. The scene was cut because of the implied animal abuse, but is included as a deleted scene on the show's "The Complete Fourth Season" DVD boxset. Marge and Homer's high school classmate Artie Ziff makes a brief appearance in the episode; his conversation with Homer inspired the season 13 episode "Half-Decent Proposal". Artie's usual voice artist Jon Lovitz was not available, so regular cast member Dan Castellaneta provided the voice instead. The school principal, Dondelinger, was named after someone Sam Simon knew. The episode focuses on animation and includes several in-jokes about "The Simpsons" and the animation industry in general. In a scene depicting the "Itchy & Scratchy" writer's lounge, each of the writers shown is a caricature of someone working on "The Simpsons" at the time. The joke was conceived by the show's animators. Later in the episode, Roger Meyers fires a Harvard alumnus who resembles "Simpsons" writer Jon Vitti. At the awards ceremony, "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening is shown in the audience. Lisa is also seen reading a book titled "How to Get Rich Writing Cartoons" by John Swartzwelder, a "Simpsons" writer credited with nearly sixty episodes of the show. The credits at the end of Bart and Lisa's "Itchy & Scratchy" episode (shown in very small print) are a copy of the credits at the end of "The Simpsons". At the Annual Cartoon Awards, the clip from the nominated "The Ren & Stimpy Show" is merely a black screen with the text "clip not done yet". This was a counterattack against "Ren & Stimpy" creator John Kricfalusi, who had attacked "The Simpsons" staff by saying that "the show succeeded despite the writing", and similarly derogatory comments. Another industry reference is the "Animation Wing" door at "Itchy & Scratchy" studios; the door is identical to a door at the Disney animation building. Besides copying the "Simpsons" credits, the "Itchy & Scratchy" credits also parody the sequence seen at the end of the credits of many TV shows produced by Stephen J. Cannell, where Cannell sits at the typewriter in his office and throws a sheet of paper into the air, with it forming of part of his production company's logo. In the episode, Itchy and Scratchy are seen at a desk; Scratchy pulls a sheet from his typewriter and throws it into the air, where it forms an "I & S Productions" logo. Mike Reiss later met Cannell, who was so pleased with the homage that he hugged Reiss. The title of the episode is a reference to "The Front", a 1976 film about writers fronting for blacklisted writers in the 1950s. The "Simpsons" writers considered trying to make the episode plot resemble that of the film, but in the end decided against it. In its original broadcast, "The Front" finished 21st in ratings for the week of April 12–18, 1993, with a Nielsen rating of 12.5, equivalent to approximately 11.6 million viewing households. It was the highest-rated show on the Fox network that week, beating "Married... with Children". Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide", praised "The Front" as "an ironic look at the animation industry, with a higher than average "Itchy and Scratchy" count. The episode is followed by "The Adventures of Ned Flanders" with its own, rather wonderful, theme tune." </doc> <doc id="2342100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342100" title="Mary Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort"> Mary Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort Victoria Constance Mary Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort ("née" Princess Mary of Teck and later The Lady Victoria Constance Mary Cambridge; 12 June 1897 – 23 June 1987) was the elder daughter of the 1st Marquess of Cambridge and Lady Margaret Evelyn Grosvenor. Princess Mary was born at White Lodge, Richmond Park. She was baptised with the name of Mary von Teck and in 1917 her name was legally changed to Mary Cambridge when her father renounced all his German titles. She was a bridesmaid, as Lady Mary Cambridge, at the wedding of Prince Albert, Duke of York, and Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon on 3 May 1923. She married the Marquess of Worcester, later the 10th Duke of Beaufort, on 14 June 1923 in London, and became Marchioness of Worcester and later the Duchess of Beaufort when Lord Worcester's father died in 1924. They had no issue. Mary was invested as a Commander of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem (C.St.J.). She died in 1987, aged 90 at Badminton House, Gloucestershire and is buried at St Michael and All Angels Church, Badminton. </doc> <doc id="2342104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342104" title="János Garay"> János Garay János Garay (10 October 1812 – 5 November 1853) was a Hungarian poet and author, was born in Szekszárd, Tolna County. From 1823 to 1828 he studied at Pécs, and subsequently, in 1829, at the University of Pest. In 1834 he brought out an heroic poem, in hexameters, under the title "Csatár". Garay was an energetic journalist, and in 1838 he moved to Bratislava, where he edited the political journal "Hírnök" (Herald). He returned to Pest in 1839, when he was elected a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. In 1842 he was admitted into the Kisfaludy Society, of which he became second secretary. Garay enriched Hungarian literature with numerous lyrical poems, ballads and tales. The first collection of his poems was published in Pest; and his prose tales appeared in 1845, under the title of "Tollrajzok" (Sketches with the Pen). His historical ballads and legends, styled Árpádok (Pest, 1847, 2nd ed. 1848), showed him to be a master in the art of ballad-writing. Some of his lyrical poems also are excellent, as, for example, "Balatoni kagylók" (Shells from Lake Balaton) (Pest, 1848). His legend "Bosnyák Zsófia" (Pest, 1847), and his poetical romance "Frangepán Kristófné" (Christopher Frangepan's Wife) (Pest, 1846), gained the prize of the Kisfaludy Society. He wrote the comic epic poem "Az obsitos" [The Veteran] which subsequently Zsolt Harsányi (1887–1943) and Béla Paulini (1881–1945) turned into a Singspiel libretto. Zoltán Kodály set this to music in 1925–1926 as the operetta "Háry János". His last and most famous work was an historical poem in twelve cantos, with the title "Szent László" (Saint Ladislaus) (Eger, 1852, 2nd ed., Pest, 1853, 3rd ed. 1863). Garay was professor of Hungarian language and literature to the University of Pest in 1848-1849. Since he was frail he supported the 1848 Revolution for freedom through his poetry. When the Revolutionaries lost he was condemned by the Habsburgs. After about four years illness he died in 1853, in great want. A collective edition of his poems was published in Pest the year after his death by F. Ney (2nd ed. 1860), and several of his poems were translated by Kertbeny. His birthplace of Szekszárd has a statue to honor him. https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garay_(apellido) </doc> <doc id="2342117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342117" title="El Porvenir, Atlántida"> El Porvenir, Atlántida El Porvenir (Spanish: "The Future") is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. The municipality borders with La Ceiba, San Francisco and Arenal, this one in the department of Yoro. It counts the villages of El Pino and La Unión. http://honduraschildalliance.org/ </doc> <doc id="2342118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342118" title="Esparta"> Esparta Esparta is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. </doc> <doc id="2342119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342119" title="Swadesamitran"> Swadesamitran Swadesamitran was a Tamil language newspaper that was published from the then Madras city from 1882 to 1985. One of the earliest Tamil newspapers and the longest in print, "Swadesamitran" was founded by Indian nationalist G. Subramania Iyer four years after he had started "The Hindu". The newspaper was sold to A. Rangaswami Iyengar of the Kasturi family in 1915 and the newspaper remained with them until its liquidation in 1985. Swadesamitran (1881–1985) was the first Tamil language newspaper owned and operated by Indians. It was published from Chennai (then called Madras). It was founded by G Subramania Aiyer who also served as the papers first editor. It was founded as a sister paper of The Hindu which Aiyer had also founded two years earlier in 1879. The name translated from Tamil to English literally means "friend of self rule". It was originally started as a weekly and became a daily by 1889. It was a chronicle of the Indian National Independence movement from its inception and it was used by Subramania Aiyer to rouse the nationalistic feelings of the Tamil people. A host of very eminent men like Subramania Pillai, Mahakavi Subramania Bharathi (aka "Bharathiyar"), VVS Iyer and other worked as editor or sub-editors of the paper during the struggle for Independence. These men used familiar anecdotes form the great epics of the Ramayana and Mahabharata to rouse public opinion in the cause of nationalism within Tamil Nadu (then known as The Madras Presidency). Bharthiyar was sub-editor from 1904 to 1906 when he left to start his own publication "India". The Swadesamitran was the second vernacular newspaper published in India. The first was Kesari which was published in Hindi. Subramania Aiyer although more comfortable in English, was determined to take the discussion of the future of India's independence to the masses. He was supported by Deshbandhu Chittranjan Das (CR Das) and Motilal Nehru in this approach. The paper was successful quite early in its life and quickly found readership wherever there was a significant Tamil population not only in India but also in Burma, Sri Lanka and Mauritius. Subramania Aiyer was also a social reformer and sponsored the Madras Hindu Social Reform Association. During his tenure as editor he was also prosecuted and sentenced for sedition (1908) by the British due to his writings in the paper. He was never the same man after he went to prison. After his death (?) the paper was run by Rangaswamy Iyengar (Kasthuri Ranga Iyengars nephew and right-hand man at the Hindu) and thereafter by CR Srinivasan (died 1962). Rangaswamy and Srinivasan were a potent combination and when Bharathiyar rejoined the newspaper in 1920 the three of them took the paper to lofty new heights of popularity and fame. It was under Srinivasan's leadership that it became a Public Limited Company "The Swadesamitran Limited" which became the publisher of the newspaper. After Srinivasan's death his son CS Narasimhan sold the controlling shares held by him to the Silver Jubilee of Independence Trust of the Congress Party headed by former Tamil Nadu Chief Minisher Shri M Bhaktavatsalam. This Trust continued to run the paper till August 1977 when due to financial and other reasons the publication of the paper was stopped and the Company was on the verge of bankruptcy. It was purchased from the Trust by John Thomas (born August 1, 1924, died November 18, 2001) a distinguished lawyer of the Madras High Court and successful local businessman. The paper was shut down for 30 months but the new proprietor was determined that such a storied icon of India's independence movement should not go quietly into the night. He was able to resurrect the newspaper and it began publication again in March 1980 under editor Sundaresan. The newspaper went back to its origins and its editorial pages were openly supportive of the Congress Party and Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in particular. Swadesamitran published a Who's Who in Tamil Nadu in 1980-1981 (edited by Philip Thomas born July 18, 1960 died May 9, 2006) and the publication was released in Madurai by Prime Minister Smt. Indira Gandhi during the celebrations marking the 2000th anniversary of the birth of Thiruvalluvar, the great Tamil poet and author of Thirukural. The Swadesamitran was printed at the company's Printing Press and office "Deshbandu Bhavan" on Whites Road in Royapettah, Madras. The Company also owned Victory House on Anna Salai (formerly Mount Road). The property was formerly the Whiteaways Building and was purchased by CR Srinivasan. He renamed it Victory House to reflect the success of the Quit India movement. </doc> <doc id="2342121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342121" title="Jutiapa, Atlántida"> Jutiapa, Atlántida Jutiapa is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. 2010 Population by Age: </doc> <doc id="2342124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342124" title="Mangaldas Nathubhoy"> Mangaldas Nathubhoy Sir Mangaldas Nathubhoy (15 October 1832 – 9 March 1890), Seth or head of the Kapol Bania caste, well known for their thrift and keen commercial instincts. He was born of a family whose ancestors emigrated from Diu Goghla district to Bombay soon after Bombay came into British possession. Ramdas Manordas, his grandfather, amassed a considerable fortune, which, owing to the premature death of his father, came into the sole possession of Mangaldas at the age of eleven. He had to take charge of the business in early life, though he gave some time to English studies. He was a noted cotton mill merchant and was agent of Bombay United Mill from 1860 to 1874, when he resigned and agency was given to Khatau Maccanji. On the death of Nathubhoy's wife he established a dispensary at Kalyan in her memory and also a special female ward in connexion with the David Sassoon hospital in Poona. As a merchant Mangaldas was upright and successful. In social matters he stood forth as a reformer, and to him the change to election from hereditary succession to the headship of the caste is due. In 1862 he founded a fellowship in Bombay university to allow graduates to spend some years in Europe. A bequest in his will enabled the university to establish seven similar scholarships. He took keen interest in learning, and in such institutions as the Asiatic and geographical societies. In 1866 he was nominated to the legislative council and sat till 1874. In 1867 he revived the Bombay association, a political body, over which he presided for a time. In 1872 he was made CSI, and in 1875 the dignity of Knight Bachelor was conferred on him. Besides a large donation to the Indian Famine Fund, Sir Mangaldas is known to have expended 500,000 on charities. He died at Bombay on 9 March 1890. </doc> <doc id="2342125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342125" title="La Masica"> La Masica La Masica () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. </doc> <doc id="2342126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342126" title="San Francisco, Atlántida"> San Francisco, Atlántida San Francisco () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Atlántida. </doc> <doc id="2342130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342130" title="Hanamichi"> Hanamichi The is an extra stage section used in Japanese kabuki theater. It is a long, raised platform that runs, left of center, from the back of the theater, through the audience, to connect with the main stage. Generally it is used for characters' entrances and exits, though it can also be used for asides or scenes taking place apart from the main action. In this use, it can be seen as an alley theater connecting to a larger stage. The "hanamichi" was first used in 1668 in the Kawarazaki-za, in the form of a simple wooden plank that reached from the center of the stage to the middle of the theater. It was not used in performances, but allowed actors to step into the audience after a performance to receive flowers. The word "hanamichi" literally means "flower path." The modern style of "hanamichi", sometimes called "honhanamichi" (, "main flower path"), was first conceived and standardized in 1740. The standard size ranges from 16.38 m – 18.20 m (53 ft, 9 in – 59 ft, 8 in) long and 150–180 cm (4 ft, 11 in – 5 ft, 11 in) wide. Some theaters have since begun to make use of a secondary "hanamichi" on the right side of the audience, known as "karihanamichi" (, "copied flower path") which is one-third to half the width of the "honhanamichi" on the left. Though it is rarely used for the main action of a play, much of the more dramatic or famous character moments occur during entrances or exits along the "hanamichi". Many particularly dramatic actions take place seven-tenths of the way down the "hanamichi" (three-tenths away from the stage), at a spot known in Japanese as "shichisan" (, seven-three). It is here that exiting characters may say their final words, and entering characters may address the audience or the characters on stage. Since the "hanamichi" runs through the audience, it allows for a closer experience for the spectator than might normally be allowed by other forms of traditional theater. In sumo, the path to the "dohyō" is also called "hanamichi". </doc> <doc id="2342139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342139" title="List of World War II weapons of the United States"> List of World War II weapons of the United States Below are lots of different types of weapons used in World War II by the United States. Kabar 1917/1910 bolo V44 bowie Marine raider stiletto </doc> <doc id="2342143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342143" title="Jean de Vienne"> Jean de Vienne Jean de Vienne (1341 – 25 September 1396) was a French knight, general and Admiral of France during the Hundred Years' War. Jean de Vienne was born at Dole, in what is now Franche-Comté. As a nobleman, he started his military career at the age of 19, and was made a knight at 21. By the age of 24, de Vienne was made Captain-General for the Franche-Comté. In 1373, Charles V made him "Amiral de France". Working with determination, de Vienne reorganised the navy, started an important programme of construction, created an effective coast guard, navigation police, organised watches along the coasts, and attributed licences for building and selling of ships. Jean de Vienne was one of the first to understand that only by naval operations could serious harm be done to England. To this end he petitioned for strong support from the French monarchy and conducted several expeditions to Wight and the southern ports of England. Between 1381 and 1385, de Vienne fought against the Flemish, notably during the Battle of Roosebeke. In pursuit of his dream of threatening the English at home, in 1385 he used a 180 ship fleet to land an army in Scotland with the intent of invading England, but the force had to withdraw. After Charles VI succeeded his father Charles V to the Throne of France, the navy was allowed to decay, since Charles VI did not share his father's concern for naval affairs. Disappointed, de Vienne participated in the Barbary Crusade and joined in the crusade of King Sigismund of Hungary against the Turks. He was killed during the battle of Nicopolis, in Bulgaria. Several ships of the French Navy were named after Jean de Vienne, most notable of which include: </doc> <doc id="2342145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342145" title="John Francis Murphy"> John Francis Murphy John Francis Murphy (December 11, 1853 – January 30, 1921) was an American landscape painter. He was born at Oswego, New York. He first exhibited at the National Academy of Design in 1876, and was made an associate in 1885 and a full academician two years later. He became a member of the Society of American Artists (1901) and of the American Watercolor Society. At first influenced by Wyant and Inness, after 1900 he attacked the modern problems of light and air, thus combining the old and new theories of landscape painting. His chief characteristics are extreme refinement and charm, poetic sentiment, and beauty of surface. His composition is simple and his rendering of soil unique. A past master of values, he preferred the quiet and subdued aspects of nature. He received numerous awards, including a gold medal at Charleston (1902) and the Inness medal in 1910. Representative examples of his work are: </doc> <doc id="2342150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342150" title="Friendly Rich"> Friendly Rich Friendly Rich, born Richard Marsella, is a Canadian vanguard music composer/musician from Brampton, Ontario. His music has been featured on CBC and "The Tom Green Show". Rich has composed background music for three seasons of MTV's The Tom Green Show. Since 1994, he has recorded exclusively for his own eclectic record label, The Pumpkin Pie Corporation. Rich has a Masters degree in music at the University of Toronto under the supervision of Dr. Lee Bartel and composer R. Murray Schafer. His main areas of study include musical instrument construction and parade pedagogy. Friendly Rich has produced and composed nine full-length CDs, which have been featured on CBC Radio One (five documentaries for "Outfront"), CBC Radio 2 (continuous airplay on Brave New Waves), TFO (VOLT) and Muchmusic (Muchnews, BradTV). Friendly Rich is the founder and director of the Brampton Indie Arts Festival, an annual event which promotes underground artists, held in February at the Rose Theatre in downtown Brampton. Since 2000, this event has attracted such artists as Nash the Slash, The Nihilist Spasm Band, Ron Sexsmith, Cuff the Duke, Bob Wiseman, John Oswald, Moneen, Scott Thompson, and Hayden. Friendly Rich and his live ensemble The Lollipop People signed a deal with Hazelwood Records (Germany) to release two albums in Europe. They have since toured Europe 3 times in the last three years, and have released three records in Europe to date (We Need a New F-Word, Dinosaur Power and Sacred Prune of Remembrance). </doc> <doc id="2342157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342157" title="Nicholas Pocock"> Nicholas Pocock Nicholas Pocock (2 March 1740 – 9 March 1821) was a British artist known for his many detailed paintings of naval battles during the age of sail. Pocock was born in Bristol in 1740, the son of a seaman. He followed his father's profession and was master of a merchant ship by the age of 26. During his time at sea, he became a skilled artist by making ink and wash sketches of ships and coastal scenes for his log books. In 1778, Pocock's employer, Richard Champion, became financially insolvent due to the effects of the American Revolutionary War on transatlantic trade. As a result, Pocock gave up the sea and devoted himself to painting. The first of his works were exhibited by the Royal Academy in 1782. Later that year, Pocock was commissioned to produce a series of paintings illustrating George Rodney's victory at the Battle of the Saintes. In 1789, he moved to London, where his reputation and contacts continued to grow. He was a favourite of Samuel Hood and was appointed Marine Painter to King George. Pocock's naval paintings incorporated extensive research, including interviewing eyewitnesses about weather and wind conditions as well as the positions, condition, and appearance of their ships; and drawing detailed plans of the battle and preliminary sketches of individual ships. He was also present himself at the Glorious First of June in 1794, on board the frigate HMS "Pegasus". In addition to his large-scale oil paintings depicting naval battles, Pocock also produced many watercolours of coastal and ship scenes. Pocock married Ann Evans of Bristol in 1780; together they had eight children. Two of his grandsons, Alfred Downing Fripp and George Arthur Fripp, were also artists. He died on 9 March 1821 at the home of his oldest son, Isaac, in Raymead in the parish of Cookham, near Maidenhead, and is buried in the parish church there. </doc> <doc id="2342164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342164" title="Roads Beautifying Association"> Roads Beautifying Association The Roads Beautifying Association (1928–) was founded in the United Kingdom by Lord Mount Temple, the Minister of Transport in 1928 who appointed as its (Hon.) Secretary Dr. Wilfrid Fox who served throughout and whose work was praised on the organisation's demise by government and opposition alike. The association had the aim of creating better planted and more aesthetically pleasing roads to accommodate cars around the United Kingdom. It published "Roadside Planting" in 1930. It contributed in biodiversity, overall layout and on safety grounds to many public works programmes. Its members were chosen for knowledge and experience and chiefly included: Lionel de Rothschild, who was Chairman of the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), Mr. F. R. S. Balfour, Sir Arthur Hill, Mr. W. J. Bean (author of "Trees and Hardy Shrubs in the British Isles"), Col. Stern who was expert on planting in chalky soils, Arthur Cotton, who was the keeper of the herbarium at RHS Kew Gardens and became President of the Linnean Society of London, Mr. Gardner, Secretary of the English Forestry Association, Sir Charles Bressey, an eminent road engineer, from the mid 1930s Lord Aberconway, who became President of the RHS, Sir Edward James Salisbury, botanist and ecologist, Roy Robinson, 1st Baron Robinson, forester, and also representatives of the A.A., the R.A.C., the British Road Federation, representatives of Kew Gardens and, labelled as 'very important' by the last President (the 10th Duke of Devonshire) — a business of tree and other plant nurseries which invested its time and advised willingly. The association had the aim of increasing the publicly maintainable biophysical environment around the new roads being built to accommodate cars around the United Kingdom, particularly along new roads and especially new trunk roads. It published "Roadside Planting" in 1930. It contributed aesthetically and on safety grounds to public works programmes, funded by local authorities and central government. The RBA went on for almost a decade on a self-promoted voluntary consultative basis, increasing its circle of contacts among local authorities and doing more and more work with only Ministerial best practice guidance to local authorities to consult it, until, in 1937 the Ministry gave it a grant for promoting its work of £200 a year and urged all local authorities to consult the RBA. The Association, to advertise its existence and that its advice was available, held a sherry party to which it invited the Minister for Transport four years into the six-year Attlee Ministry. This was summarised by the bulk of the House of Lords' speech of the RBA President, The 10th Duke of Devonshire, Conservative: The 5th Earl of Listowel of the governing party — in a time of economic hardship replied: Road safety audit Town and Country Planning </doc> <doc id="2342166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342166" title="Irish Republican Army (1922–1969)"> Irish Republican Army (1922–1969) The original Irish Republican Army (IRA) fought a guerrilla war against British rule in Ireland in the Irish War of Independence between 1919 and 1921. Following the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty on 6 December 1921, the IRA in the 26 counties that were to become the Irish Free State split between supporters and opponents of the Treaty. The anti-Treatyites, sometimes referred to by Free State forces as Irregulars, continued to use the name Irish Republican Army (IRA) or in Irish Óglaigh na hÉireann, as did the organisation in Northern Ireland which originally supported the pro-Treaty side (if not the Treaty). "Óglaigh na hÉireann" was also adopted as the name of the pro-Treaty National Army, and remains the official legal title of the Irish Defence Forces. This article deals with the anti-Treaty IRA that fought against the Irish Free State in the Irish Civil War, and with its successors up to 1969, when the IRA split again. The signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty by the Irish delegation in London caused an angry reaction among the less compromising elements in Sinn Féin and among a majority of the IRA. Dáil Éireann ratified the Treaty by 64 votes to 57 after a lengthy and acrimonious debate, following which President Éamon de Valera resigned. Sinn Féin split between pro-Treaty and anti-Treaty factions, and the Army did likewise. The majority of headquarters staff, many of whom were close to Michael Collins, supported the Treaty, but opinion among IRA volunteers was divided. By and large, IRA units in Munster and most of Connacht were opposed to the Treaty, while those in favour predominated in the Midlands, Leinster and Ulster. The pro-Treaty volunteers formed the nucleus of the new National Army. Anti-Treaty officers called an army convention in March 1922, attended by their supporters, which reaffirmed their opposition to the Treaty. They repudiated the authority of the Dáil, claiming that its members had broken their oath to defend the Irish Republic, and declared their own Army Executive to be the real government of the country until the Republic was formally established. The reasons why volunteers chose pro- and anti-Treaty positions are complex. One factor was an evaluation of the military situation. Whereas Collins, Richard Mulcahy and Eoin O'Duffy felt that the IRA could not continue to fight the British successfully, anti-Treaty officers such as Ernie O'Malley and Tom Barry felt that the IRA's position was stronger than it had ever been. Another factor was the role of powerful personalities; where the leader of an IRA unit—for example Sean McEoin, who sided with the Treaty in County Longford—took sides, often the remainder of his command joined him. The same was also true for anti-Treaty leaders such as Liam Lynch in Cork. On the outbreak of civil war in June 1922, the government of the Irish Free State issued directives to newspapers that its Army was to be called "The National Army", and that its opponents were to be called "Irregulars" and were not to be associated with the IRA of 1919–1921. This attitude hardened as the Civil War went on, and especially after the killing of Michael Collins in an ambush in August 1922. Collins wrote to W. T. Cosgrave on 25 July 1922 that those on the anti-Treaty side were "misguided, but practically all of them are sincere". However, the subsequent government attitude under Cosgrave was that the anti-Treaty side were rebels against the lawful government, and were not entitled to recognition as legitimate combatants. Some of the officers of the new Irish Army, led by Liam Tobin, formed an association called the "Old IRA" to distinguish themselves from the anti-Treaty fighters. Some pro-Treaty IRA officers, such as Eoin O'Duffy, alleged that the "Irregulars" had not fought the British in the War of Independence. O'Duffy claimed that the Kerry IRA's sole contribution in 1919–21 was "the shooting of an unfortunate soldier on the day of the truce". In Kerry's case (which saw more Royal Irish Constabulary (RIC) men killed than anywhere else outside Dublin and Tipperary), this was far from true; however, some areas such as County Sligo and County Wexford did see considerably more action in the Civil War than in the War of Independence. Other IRA men such as Florence O'Donoghue formed a group called the "neutral IRA", which tried to reconcile the two factions. Meanwhile, the IRA in Northern Ireland maintained its links with Michael Collins; the only Northern IRA leader to join the anti-Treaty side was Belfast commander Joe McKelvey. The Northern IRA launched a renewed military offensive in May 1922, in which it was aided covertly by both the National Army and the anti-Treaty IRA. This was interrupted by the outbreak of civil war in the new Irish Free State. Many Northern IRA men then had to flee the North in order to escape internment or worse at the hands of the Northern authorities. Over 500 of them ended up in the National Army during the civil war. The IRA had been expanded hugely in 1922, from perhaps 15,000 men before the truce with the British in July 1921, to over 72,000 by November 1922. Veterans of the War of Independence derisively termed the new recruits "truceileers". These were to divide in broadly the same ratio as the veterans; however, most of them did not take part in the Civil War. At the beginning of the Civil War, the Free State had about 8,000 fighters, mostly pro-Treaty IRA volunteers. The anti-Treaty side could muster about 15,000 men but it could not arm them all. At the start of the war, they had just under 7,000 rifles, a few machine guns and a handful of armoured cars taken from British garrisons (who were under orders not to fire on IRA units) as they evacuated the country. The remainder of anti-Treaty IRA arms were shotguns (3,000 of which were confiscated after the Civil War) and other civilian weapons. Public support for the Treaty settlement and the new Irish Free State was reflected in the victory of the pro-Treaty side in general elections in 1922 and 1923. Anti-Treaty forces controversially seized a number of public buildings in Dublin in April 1922, most notably the Four Courts. Eventually, after two months and under British pressure, Michael Collins decided to remove them by force. Pro-Treaty forces bombarded the building, which surrendered after two days. Confused fighting raged for another five days, with anti-Treaty elements of the IRA's Dublin Brigade, under Oscar Traynor, occupying O'Connell Street until they were dislodged by artillery fire. In July 1922, the anti-Treaty IRA units held most of the south and west of Ireland. However the Republicans, under a new Chief of Staff, Liam Lynch, soon lost most of the territory they initially controlled. While the anti-Treaty side had a numerical advantage at the very start of the war, they were soon both outnumbered and outgunned. The Free State's National Army was quickly expanded to over 38,000 by the end of 1922 and to 55,000 men and 3,000 officers by the end of the war; one of its sources of recruits was Irish ex-servicemen from the British Army. Additionally, the British met its requests for arms, ammunition, armoured cars, artillery and aeroplanes. By August 1922, the Free State had re-taken all the major towns and territory held by republicans. The Free State's best troops were the Dublin Guard: a unit composed of former IRA men, mostly from the Dublin Brigade's active service unit who were to the forefront in the Free State's offensive of July–August 1922. They sided with the Free State primarily out of personal loyalty to Collins. The anti-Treaty IRA was not equipped or trained to fight conventional warfare. Despite some determined resistance to the Free State advance south of Limerick by late August, most of them had dispersed to fight a guerrilla campaign. The anti-Treaty guerrilla campaign was spasmodic and ineffective. Much of it was composed of the destruction of infrastructure such as the main railway bridge linking Cork with Dublin. They also burned many public buildings and "commandeered" supplies by force, alienating many civilians. Furthermore, without the public support that had existed during the War of Independence and facing an enemy who knew them and the countryside intimately, the anti-Treaty forces found that they could not sustain a guerrilla war such as that fought against Britain. Only in County Kerry was a relatively effective campaign fought, with the IRA units re-taking Kenmare and other towns from the Free State on several occasions. The IRA's relative popularity in this area had much to do with the brutality of the occupying Free State troops. Other areas of guerrilla activity included County Cork, western County Mayo, County Wexford and several other localities. Despite the limitations of the anti-Treaty IRA's campaign, they still inflicted more fatalities on Free State troops (about 800) in the nine-month civil war than they had on British Crown forces, who lost about 600 killed in the almost three-year-long War of Independence (1919–1921). The disparity is no doubt due to the Free State troops' relative paucity of training and equipment compared with British forces. The conduct of the Civil War resulted in long-lasting bitterness on both sides. In September special emergency legislation came into effect under which military tribunals were empowered to pass death sentences. The head of the anti-Treaty forces, Liam Lynch, responded with an announcement that Free State TDs and Senators who had voted for the legislation would be targeted. A number of members of the Oireachtas were attacked, TD Sean Hales was killed and the property of parliamentarians burnt. In addition IRA men around the country burned many of the stately homes of the old Protestant Anglo-Irish landed class—a policy motivated by both class antagonism and nationalist resentment against a class traditionally seen as "pro-British". The Free State Government, for its part, officially executed 77 anti-Treaty prisoners. Government forces also carried out a number of atrocities against prisoners. This was particularly pronounced in Kerry, where the fighting was most bitter. On at least three occasions in March 1923, IRA prisoners were massacred with land mines in reprisal for the killing of Free State soldiers. Ironically, the men accused of these war crimes were mostly from the Dublin Guard, themselves IRA veterans from 1919–21. "See also: Executions during the Irish Civil War" By 1923, the defeat of the anti-Treaty IRA seemed assured. It controlled no territory and its guerrilla campaign had little public support. The civil war petered out in mid-1923 after the death in action of IRA chief-of-staff Liam Lynch. Shortly afterward, on 24 May 1923, the anti-Treaty forces received an order, issued by Frank Aiken, their chief-of-staff, to "dump arms". Éamon de Valera supported this in his speech "Legion of the Rearguard": In de Valera's words, ""Further sacrifice of life would now be vain and continuance of the struggle in arms unwise in the national interest and prejudicial to the future of our cause. Military victory must be allowed to rest for the moment with those who have destroyed the Republic. Other means must be sought to safeguard the nation's right."" By this time, thousands of republicans were already prisoners of the Free State government led by W. T. Cosgrave; many more were arrested after they dumped arms and returned to civilian life. By late 1923, over 12,000 anti-Treaty IRA men were interned. The prisoners were released over the following year, with Éamon de Valera the last to leave Kilmainham Gaol in 1924. In 1924 the IRA counted 14,500 members in total, including young men aged from 19 upwards, but with just over 5,000 weapons in its dumps. By 1926 the number of members had shrunk to 5,042. By 1930 the IRA possessed fewer than 2,000 members and only 859 rifles, indicating the decline in its military potential. The casualties of the anti-Treaty IRA in the Civil War have never been accurately counted, but are thought to have been considerably more than the 800 or so deaths suffered by the Free State Army, perhaps two or three times as numerous. Significantly however, the war had not been brought to an end by any kind of agreement between the two sides. The IRA of the post-Civil War era would never accept the Free State as a legitimate Irish government and would continue to oppose its existence. In 1926, after failing to persuade Sinn Féin to participate in the political institutions of the Free State, de Valera formed a new political party, called Fianna Fáil, and many Sinn Féin members left to support him. De Valera would in 1932 become President of the Executive Council, at the head of the first Fianna Fáil government. The IRA considered itself to be upholding the Republic that was declared in the 1916 Proclamation, and held that the government of the Irish Free State was illegitimate. It maintained that it remained the army of that Republic, in direct continuity with the IRA of the War of Independence period. There were several competing organisations on the radical republican side of Irish politics during this period. In addition to the IRA, these included the hard-line elements of anti-Treaty Sinn Féin, such as Mary MacSwiney, who had not followed de Valera into constitutional politics, and the rump of the anti-Treaty members of the Second Dáil, still proclaiming themselves the only legitimate Irish parliament. For most of this period, the IRA's relations with Sinn Féin were poor (IRA members were even forbidden to join the party), despite the reconciliation attempt represented by the 1929 Comhairle na Poblachta. In December 1938, a reconciliation finally took place between the IRA and the rump of the Second Dáil. Before the republican Fianna Fáil party took power after winning the 1932 general election, many republicans viewed the Free State, with its censorship of newspapers and extensive coercive legislation, as a sham democracy, in the service of British imperialism. The IRA remained prepared to take over the country by insurrection, after which it expected to have to fight the British again. In November 1926 it seized 11 Garda Síochána barracks, shooting dead two Gardaí. The Free State immediately used its Special Powers Act to intern 110 IRA men the next day. IRA men assassinated Free State minister Kevin O'Higgins in 1927 in revenge for his perceived responsibility for executions in the Civil War. A total of four Gardaí were killed by the IRA in the period 1926–1936. In 1932 Gardaí shot dead two IRA leaders, George Gilmore and Thomas Ryan, in Kilrush, County Clare. When de Valera's Fianna Fáil party won the 1932 election, the IRA expected the Free State party Cumann na nGaedheal not to respect the result and prepared for another civil war. To their surprise, Cosgrave's party peacefully gave up power and instructed the police and armed forces to obey the new government. In the first two years of Fianna Fáil government, the IRA's membership grew from a low of 1,800 to over 10,000. This can be put down to the radicalising impact of the Great Depression on the population, to which the IRA's new social radicalism (see next section) appealed. Another important factor was the formation of the Blueshirts: a quasi-fascist organisation set up by Eoin O'Duffy, originally composed of Civil war veterans of the Free State Army. The IRA and the Blueshirts both attacked political meetings and also fought street brawls against each other. While most of the fighting was conducted with fists or boots, at least one Blueshirt and one IRA man were shot dead in these clashes. IRA leaders saw in these events the beginnings of a republican revolution and the overthrow of the Free State. They were to be disappointed. Initially, de Valera's Fianna Fáil government was friendly towards the IRA, legalising the organisation and freeing all their prisoners who had been interned by Cumann na nGaedhael. This afforded the IRA a quasi-legal status that meant Gardaí were unwilling to act against them for fear of repercussions. On his victory tour, de Valera snubbed a Garda guard of honour in Skibbereen, but saluted the IRA one. By 1935 this relationship had turned to enmity on both sides. The IRA accused Fianna Fáil of "selling out" by not declaring a republic and by tolerating the continued partition of Ireland. De Valera banned the IRA in 1936, after they murdered a landlord's agent, Richard More O'Farrell, in a land dispute and fired shots at police during a strike of Dublin tramways workers, on top of their bank robberies. However, most of the IRA's republican constituency were reconciled to the Free State by de Valera's government, which introduced a republican constitution in 1937, abolishing the Oath of Allegiance to the British monarchy and introducing an elected president as head of state. The document also included a territorial claim to Northern Ireland. By the late 1930s at the latest, most Irish people disagreed with the residual Irish Republican Army's claims that it remained the legitimate 'army of the Republic'. In Northern Ireland, the IRA's main role was to try to defend the Catholic community during outbreaks of sectarian rioting. For this reason Peadar O'Donnell, a left-wing IRA leader who was opposed to the Catholic nationalism of many IRA members, said disparagingly that "we don't have an IRA battalion in Belfast, we have a battalion of armed Catholics". In the summer of 1925, the anti-treaty IRA had sent a delegation led by Pa Murray to the Soviet Union for a personal meeting with Joseph Stalin, in the hopes of gaining Soviet finance and weaponry. A secret pact was agreed, whereby the IRA would spy on the United States and the United Kingdom and pass information to Red Army military intelligence in New York City and London in return for £500 a month. The pact was originally approved by Frank Aiken, who left soon after to co-found Fianna Fáil with De Valera, before being succeeded by Andrew Cooney and Moss Twomey, who kept up the secret IRA-Soviet espionage relationship until around 1930-31. Twomey was not an ideological Marxist-Leninist (although there were some communists in the IRA at this time, such as Peadar O'Donnell); he saw the arrangement as purely utilitarian and regarded the Soviets as "shifty" and "out to exploit us." Some republicans argued that they had lost the Civil War because they had not appealed to the social unrest in the country and had lacked any social or economic programme, which allowed communists to gain influence. Nevertheless, the IRA passed specifications of British "submarine detection sonar and aeroplane engines for bombers, military journals and manuals, and gas masks" to the Soviets and the IRA's man in the U.S., "Mr. Jones", passed "reports of the army’s chemical weapons service, state-of-the-art gas masks, machine-gun and aeroplane engine specifications, and reports from the navy, air service and army" to Red Army intelligence. The IRA intervened in a number of strikes during this period, and IRA members campaigned against the payment of land annuities (in respect of the buying-out of landlords by the former British administration), with Peadar O'Donnell establishing the Anti-Tribute League in 1928. Many Communist Party of Ireland members were also members of the IRA at this time. Political initiatives such as Saor Éire, begun in 1931, were promoted by left-wing IRA members such as George Gilmore, Peadar O'Donnell and Frank Ryan. IRA members also helped establish the "Friends of Soviet Russia", from which they later expelled Communist Party members when relations between the two organisations deteriorated. This burst of what has sometimes been termed "social republicanism" expired in the mid-1930s. In 1931 Saor Éire had quickly collapsed due to the combination of fierce reaction from the Catholic Church, deeply hostile to anything that appeared communist, and repressive legislation immediately introduced by the government. Left-wing IRA members, including Peadar O'Donnell, Frank Ryan and George Gilmore, frustrated with the failure of the IRA to achieve either "The Republic" or socialist revolution, left in 1934 to set up a new party, the Republican Congress. This in turn was ultimately a failure, partly because Twomey and other conservative elements in the IRA leadership opposed it and forced its supporters to leave the organisation. The Congress itself also split and collapsed after its first general meeting in 1935. From the debacle of the Republican Congress until it took a leftward turn again in the 1960s, the IRA would be inspired primarily by a conservative, strictly nationalist political outlook. In 1936–37, a number of ex-IRA men were among the Irish fighters (later to become known as the Connolly Column) who joined the largely socialist International Brigades to fight for the Second Spanish Republic against the Nationalists during the Spanish Civil War. The IRA did not show any support for the Spanish Republic and subsequently banned members for joining the Connolly Column. Frank Ryan was perhaps the most prominent Irish participant. (At the same time, IRA opponent and Greenshirts leader Eoin O'Duffy organised the Irish Brigade to go to Spain to fight on the opposing side, with Francisco Franco's Nationalists.) In 1932 Fianna Fáil under de Valera formed its first government in the Irish Free State, and republican prisoners were released and the organisation unbanned. Confrontations between the IRA and the Blueshirts were a feature of political life in the early 1930s, with the former breaking up political meetings of Cumann na nGaedheal under the slogan "no free speech for traitors" and accusing the latter of being fascists. The IRA was banned once again in 1935, as were the Blueshirts. Moss Twomey was imprisoned, and was succeeded as chief of staff by Seán MacBride. De Valera's government increasingly followed a strict anti-IRA policy. In 1936 Vice-Admiral Henry Somerville was assassinated in his West Cork home by IRA gunmen for recruiting many local Irishmen, including IRA members and even a captain in the Drimoleague IRA company, into the British military which combined with other members immigrating to the UK for work had a notable effect on IRA manpower. The Gardaí described the assassination as "a well and coolly thought-out outrage, well-planned and daringly executed”. Seán Russell became chief of staff in 1938, and set about preparations for a bombing campaign against Britain. In January 1939, the IRA Army Council declared war against Britain, and the Sabotage Campaign began a few days later. On 23 December 1939, IRA members stole almost the entire reserve ammunition store of the Irish Army from the Magazine Fort in Dublin's Phoenix Park. This became known as the "Christmas Raid" in IRA folklore. The Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) found two and a half tons of the stolen ammunition inside County Armagh on 2 January 1940. The next day the Irish Minister for Justice, Gerald Boland, at an emergency session of the Dáil, introduced the Emergency Powers Bill to reinstate internment, Military Tribunal, and executions for IRA members. It was rushed through and given its third reading the next day creating the Emergency Powers Act. It was later used to execute at least six IRA volunteers in Ireland between 1940 and 1944. Peter Barnes and James McCormack who had been arrested in England shortly following an IRA bomb that exploded in Coventry on 25 August 1939 resulting in the deaths of several uninvolved English civilians, were executed on 7 February 1940. Republican publication An Phoblacht did not deny their mission in England and IRA membership, but maintains that they were not involved with the Coventry bombing. By 1941, the IRA numbered fewer than 1,000 members, many of whom were imprisoned. Most of its able political organisers had left in the mid- to late-1930s and its "natural constituency" had been appropriated by Fianna Fáil. During the Second World War, the IRA hoped for support from Germany to strike against Britain. Seán Russell traveled to Germany in 1940 to canvass for arms. He became ill and died on board a German U-boat which was bringing him back to Ireland in August that year along with Frank Ryan (see Operation Dove). Stephen Hayes, the acting Chief of Staff, prepared an invasion plan for Northern Ireland and sent it to German Intelligence in 1940; this plan was later called Plan Kathleen, but it was discovered by the Irish authorities within one month of its creation. The Irish Free State opposed the IRA's collaboration with Nazi Germany, having adopted a position of neutrality. Gunther Schuetz, a member of the Abwehr (German military intelligence), parachuted into Ireland and was almost immediately arrested. On 28 February 1942 he escaped. The IRA intended to send him back to Germany with a request for weapons, ammunition, explosives, radio equipment and money. The IRA Army Executive met on 20 April and sanctioned the request. They also approved a plan to "give military information to powers at war with England even before any definite contacts [were] established with these powers", provided the information did not endanger civilians. The plan was quickly discovered when an IRA courier was arrested on the Dublin-Belfast train with documentation of the decisions taken, and details of the Nazi contact. This led to the arrest of Schuetz, on 30 April, only hours before he was due to set sail. The boat was seized and the crew arrested. In 1942, the IRA launched an armed campaign in Northern Ireland. It has been rumoured that during the war period IRA members may have attempted to provide intelligence to assist the German aerial bombing of industrial targets in Northern Ireland. However, information recovered from Germany after the war showed that the planning of raids such as the Belfast Blitz was based exclusively on the aerial reconnaissance of the Luftwaffe. The IRA was severely damaged by the measures taken against it by the governments on both sides of the border during the Second World War. IRA members were interned both north and south of the border, and a number of IRA men, including the chief of staff between 1942 and 1944, Charlie Kerins, were executed by the Irish government for criminal offences committed during the war. Kerins had been tried and found guilty of the murder of a local police officer (Garda). Under the leadership of Tony Magan from 1948 on, the IRA rebuilt its organisation. In the 1950s it started planning for a renewed armed campaign, and in 1956 recent recruit Seán Cronin, who had considerable military experience, drew up a plan codenamed Operation Harvest. The border campaign, as it became known, involved various military columns carrying out a range of military operations, from direct attacks on security installations to disruptive actions against infrastructure. The campaign received, initially, significant support from the south. Support increased massively after the deaths of Seán South and Fergal O'Hanlon in the Brookeborough Raid. In the Dáil Éireann elections held in 1957, Sinn Féin fielded candidates and won four seats. However internment without trial, introduced first in Northern Ireland and then in the Republic of Ireland, curtailed IRA operations and ultimately broke morale. Eighteen people in total were killed during the campaign, of whom seven were members of the RUC and eight were members of the IRA itself. The campaign was on the whole a failure. It petered out in the late 1950s, and was officially ended in February 1962. In the 1960s the IRA once more came under the influence of left-wing thinkers, especially those such as C. Desmond Greaves and Roy Johnston active in the Connolly Association. This move to a class-based political outlook and the consequent rejection of any stance that could be seen as sectarian—including the use of IRA arms to defend one side, that side being the beleaguered Catholic communities of Belfast in the Northern Ireland riots of August 1969—was to be one of the factors in the 1969 split that led to the Provisional IRA wing of the republican movement, with the latter subscribing to a traditional Catholic/nationalist analysis of the situation while the Officials subscribed to the Marxist view that internal strife among the working classes served only the interest of capital. The Irish Department of Justice had noticed the tensions in March 1969 and advised the Dublin government to use them to fragment the IRA. The Provisional IRA embarked on a thirty-year armed campaign against the British presence in Northern Ireland that claimed 1,707 lives. In 1997 it announced a ceasefire which effectively marked the end of its campaign. In 2005 it formally announced the end of its campaign and destroyed much of its weaponry under international supervision. The movement's political wing, Sinn Féin, is a growing electoral force in both Northern Ireland and the Republic. The Official IRA mounted their own armed campaign in the Troubles up to 1972, when they called a ceasefire. However, some members engaged in some armed activities until 1979 when a decision was made to re-orient the group towards fundraising. </doc> <doc id="2342169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342169" title="William Rastell"> William Rastell William Rastell (1508 – 27 August 1565) was an English printer and judge. Rastell was born in London. At the age of seventeen he went to the University of Oxford, but did not take a degree, being probably called home to superintend the printing business of his father John Rastell. He was MP for Hindon in October 1553 and for Ripon in April 1554 and for Canterbury in 1555. His office was in Fleet Street in St Bride's churchyard. He became a student at Lincoln's Inn on 12 September 1532, and gave up the printing business two years later. In 1547 he was appointed Reader. On account of his Catholic convictions he left England for Leuven; but upon the accession of Mary he returned, and was made Sergeant-at-law and Treasurer of Lincoln's Inn in 1555. His patent as judge of the Queen's Bench was granted on 27 October 1558. Rastell continued on the bench until 1562, when he retired to Leuven without the queen's licence. By virtue of a special commission issued by the barons of the Exchequer on the occasion an inventory of his goods and chattels was taken. Rastell died in Leuven in 1565. The first work which bears Rastell's own imprint was "A Dyaloge of Sir Thomas More" (1531), a reprint of the edition published by his father in 1529. He also brought out a few law-books, some poetry, an edition of "Fabyans Cronycle" (1533), and "The Apologye" (1533) and "The Supplycacyon of Soulys" of his uncle Sir Thomas More. Rastell's wife was Winifred, daughter of Margaret Giggs Clement, who was the foster daughter of Sir Thomas More, and John Clement, who was tutor to Sir Thomas More's children. </doc> <doc id="2342172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342172" title="Apacilagua"> Apacilagua Apacilagua () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. Apacilagua of the first settlers were a group of Indians called texiguat from the Olmecs. They were located in "The Guatalones" to the banks of the Choluteca River and fertile ground level, but due to a flood that destroyed their homes, they were forced to search for a new place called El Cerrito white land. Archaeological objects were found in both places there that show that these early settlers in Apacilagua. In the late (1700 and early 1800) a Spanish-called Sebastian who Espinales was established as a feudal lord with a small town native who served. According to historical data of Mr Espinales donate one square kilometer for the foundation Della village, in the year de1831 was founded Apacilagua, this population also had trouble being burned by the revolutionary forces of General Vasquez Sunday. Town was founded in 1887, the administration of General Luís Bogra. Apacilagua of the town was founded seven villages Mezcales, San Felipe, Albarrán, Somuina, Los Limones, San Felipe, and La Garza. Apacilagua township is located in the department of Choluteca, bounded on the north by the municipalities rolling department of El Paraíso and Morolica, south to the town of Choluteca, San Marcos to the east of Columbus and the Corpus, on the west by the Orocuina municipality. The extension is of square kilometers, its topography is irregular with a majority of land broken a lot of hills and flat suitable for agriculture and livestock, also has the Choluteca River water. The population of residents, 80% spread in rural areas and the difference in marginal urban perimeter, the population is mestizo, there are no races. </doc> <doc id="2342173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342173" title="Choluteca, Choluteca"> Choluteca, Choluteca Choluteca is a municipality and the capital city of the Honduran department of the same name. Situated in southern Honduras between El Salvador and Nicaragua, the city is generally considered the regional centre of southern Honduras and is a major transit point on the Pan-American Highway. It has a major bus station and is home to the regional light (ENEE) and water (SANAA) utilities. The city is located on the Choluteca River, near the centre of the department. An arching silver bridge crosses the river into the city. Choluteca's population of around 100,000 makes either the fourth- or fifth-largest city in the country, depending on the source. It is the only major Honduran city on the Pan-American Highway. It is considered to be the second-hottest city in Honduras after Nacaome. When Spanish conquistadors arrived in southern Honduras in 1535, the Chorotega indigenous people inhabited the area. In 1541, a town was founded there by Captain Cristobál de la Cueva which was known as Villa de Xerez de la Frontera de Choluteca. The conquistadors had a practice of establishing colonies in their territories in strategic locations to dominate and take over the land from the indigenous people. With the founding of Xerex de la Frontera, that strategy was used to possess a communication center with the sister republics of Guatemala and Nicaragua. Like other parts of Honduras, the Choluteca area had many mineral deposits and fertile land for agriculture, making it one of the richest colonies of Honduras for the Spanish government. From its founding, Villa de Xerez de la Frontera depended on the Guatemalan government, but in 1580, it became part of the Tegucigalpa, Honduras municipality. Under the Honduran president Coronado Chávez, the city was officially named “Choluteca” on October 1, 1845 by the National Congress of the Republic. There are many versions of Choluteca’s founding. says it was established in 1535, Rómulo Ernesto Durón says 1533, and Doris Stone says 1540. The modern historian Marxis Lenin Hernández says there is a need to investigate the real origin of Choluteca because of these discrepancies. He says that Federico Lunardi’s version of the history is the most widespread. Over the years, Choluteca has developed into one of the country’s most important centers of history, culture, and commerce. Choluteca was heavily damaged by flooding from Hurricane Mitch in 1998. It received more rainfall than any other place affected by the storm – 36 inches in only a few days. This is the amount of rain the city normally receives in 212 days. In addition, the Choluteca River swelled to six times its normal width, putting entire neighbourhoods under water temporarily. Many villages and suburbs, like Stevensville, were badly damaged, suffering immense property losses and a high number of deaths. The charity Solar net Village helped to rebuild San Ramón, Choluteca Choluteca is one of the most productive areas of Honduras. The department raises commodity crops of sugar, cantaloupe, watermelon, okra, and sweet potato. It also harvests shrimp and fish, and produces salt, and a few precious metals. José Cecilio del Valle, the first President of Central America, was born in Choluteca in 1780. His house (Casa Valle, located on the main square) is now a cultural centre housing the local library and a tourist centre. The house is featured on the back of the 100-lempira note. Dania Prince, Miss Earth 2003 and the only Honduran to win a grandslam beauty pageant, came from Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342175" title="Concepción de María"> Concepción de María Concepción de María () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342177" title="Duyure"> Duyure Duyure is a municipality located in the Honduran department of Choluteca. The municipality borders Nicaragua to the east, the department of El Paraíso to the north, the municipality of Morolica to the west, and the municipality of San Marcos de Colón to the south. The Choluteca River runs along the northern and western limits of the municipality. The town center is located 32 kilometers North of the city of San Marcos de Colón via a dirt road connected to the Pan-American Highway. Located in the center of the municipality is the town center which is surrounded by seven satellite villages and several small housing clusters. The seven satellite villages located outside of the urban center are named: Apasupo, Liraqui, Tierras Coloradas, Carrizal Prieto, El Horno, Alto Pino, and San Lorenzo. Each village contains a public school that educates children ranging from kindergarten to sixth grade. The town center has both a primary school and a high school. In the center of Duyure stands a large Guanacaste tree which serves as a centerpiece for the town's grassy Central Park. Several large trees, from Acacia to Tamarind, can be found throughout the park. Town Hall faces Central Park from the north side of the park and is located adjacent to the town's only Pool Hall. To the east side of the park stands the Catholic church. The church is rumored to have been constructed during the 19th century, although the interior of the structure underwent renovation in 2008. Neighboring the Catholic church sits the local computer center, formally known as the "Community Center for Knowledge and Communication" ("CCCC"). Located to the west side of the park is the Health Center ("CESAMO") and the town Kindergarten. To date, the only available public transportation is a 1.5-hour-long bus ride to San Marcos de Colón. The bus leaves from Duyure for San Marcos de Colón at 6:00 AM and returns to Duyure from San Marcos de Colón at 3:30 PM daily. </doc> <doc id="2342178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342178" title="Corporate Punishment Records"> Corporate Punishment Records Corporate Punishment Records (abbreviated CPR) is a Los Angeles based independent record label. The company was formed in 2004 by Thom Hazaert and Eric Nielsen, also co-founders of Loudside.com and Total Assault Street Teams. The label's most prominent artists include David Reilly of God Lives Underwater, Trigger Point, Switched, Allele, Ghost Machine, and Amity Lane. CPR was formed in 2004 by Thom Hazaert and Eric Nielsen, who were also the co-founders of Loudside.com – a comprehensive music and entertainment site, and the Total Assault Street Teams. Their previous work with artists including Chimaira, Depswa, Switched, Korn, Limp Bizkit, Staind, The Used, Cold, Glassjaw, My Chemical Romance, Hed PE and Nine Inch Nails, amongst others, helped lay the foundation of the label. Corporate Punishment was distributed by The Navarre Corporation in America, and Universal Music in Canada, until Navarre was purchased by E1/Koch, who became the label's distributor until 2008. After being released from their distribution deal with E1, the label went on hiatus until January 2010 when it was announced that Corporate Punishment had signed a Worldwide distribution deal with Trustkill Records. Shortly thereafter, it was announced the label went on hiatus, and Hazaert went on to form the INgrooves/Fontana distributed THC : MUSIC. </doc> <doc id="2342179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342179" title="El Corpus"> El Corpus The municipality is located east of the department of Choluteca. The following 17 villages belong to the municipality: </doc> <doc id="2342180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342180" title="Kurskaya (Arbatsko–Pokrovskaya line)"> Kurskaya (Arbatsko–Pokrovskaya line) Kurskaya () is a station on the Arbatsko–Pokrovskaya line of the Moscow Metro. It is named for the Kursky railway station located nearby. Designed by L. M. Polyakov and completed in 1938, the station has tiled walls and gray marble pylons with sconce light fixtures and circular ventilation grilles. From this station it is possible to transfer to on the Koltsevaya line and Chkalovskaya on the Lyublinskaya line. </doc> <doc id="2342181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342181" title="El Triunfo, Choluteca"> El Triunfo, Choluteca El Triunfo is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. This small village is located close to the Nicaraguan border. </doc> <doc id="2342182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342182" title="Marcovia"> Marcovia Marcovia is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca, on the Gulf of Fonseca. </doc> <doc id="2342183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342183" title="Roy Innis"> Roy Innis Roy Emile Alfredo Innis (June 6, 1934 – January 8, 2017) was an American activist and politician. He had been National Chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) since his election to the position in 1968. One of his sons, Niger Roy Innis, serves as National Spokesman of the Congress of Racial Equality. Innis was born in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands in 1934. In 1947, Innis moved with his mother from the U.S. Virgin Islands to New York City, where he graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1952. At age 16, Innis joined the U.S. Army, and at age 18 he received an honorable discharge. He entered a four-year program in chemistry at the City College of New York. He subsequently held positions as a research chemist at Vick Chemical Company and Montefiore Hospital. Innis joined CORE's Harlem chapter in 1963. In 1964 he was elected Chairman of the chapter's education committee and advocated community-controlled education and black empowerment. In 1965, he was elected Chairman of Harlem CORE, after which he campaigned for the establishment of an independent Board of Education for Harlem. In early 1967, Innis was appointed the first resident fellow at the Metropolitan Applied Research Center (MARC), headed by Dr. Kenneth Clark. In the summer of 1967, he was elected Second National Vice-Chairman of CORE. Innis was selected National Chairman of CORE in 1968 a contentious convention meeting. Innis initially headed the organization in a strong campaign of Black Nationalism. White CORE activists, according to James Peck, were removed from CORE in 1965, as part of a purge of whites from the movement then under the control of Innis. Under Innis' leadership, CORE supported the presidential candidacy of Richard Nixon in 1972. This was the beginning of a sharp rightward turn in the organization. Innis co-drafted the Community Self-Determination Act of 1968 and garnered bipartisan sponsorship of this bill by one-third of the U.S. Senate and over 50 congressmen. This was the first time in U.S. history that CORE or any civil rights organization drafted a bill and introduced it into the United States Congress. In the debate over school integration, Innis offered an alternative plan consisting of community control of educational institutions. As part of this effort, in October 1970, CORE filed an amicus curiae brief with the U.S. Supreme Court in connection with "Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education" (1971). Innis and a CORE delegation toured seven African countries in 1971. He met with several heads of state, including Kenya's Jomo Kenyatta, Tanzania's Julius Nyerere, Liberia's William Tolbert and Uganda's Idi Amin, who was awarded a life membership of CORE. Innis met with Amin and the aforementioned African statesmen as part of his CORE campaign drive for finding jobs in Africa for black Americans. In 1973 he became the first American to attend the Organization of African Unity (OAU) in an official capacity. In 1973, Innis was scheduled to participate in a televised debate with Nobel-winning physicist William Shockley on the topic of black intelligence. According to sources, Innis pulled out of the debate at the last moment because the student society at Princeton University organizing the event refused to allow the press and the public into the event. The debate went forward with Dr. Ashley Montagu replacing Innis. Innis was long active in criminal justice matters, including the debate over gun control and the Second Amendment. After losing two sons to criminals with guns, he became an advocate for the rights of law-abiding citizens to self-defense. A Life Member of the National Rifle Association, he also served on its governing board. Innis also chaired the NRA's Urban Affairs Committee and was a member of the NRA Ethics Committee, and continued to speak publicly in the US and around the world in favor of individual civilian ownership of firearms, gun issues, and individual rights Innis lost two of his sons to criminal gun violence. His eldest son, Roy Innis, Jr., was killed at the age of 13 in 1968. His next oldest son Alexander, 26, was shot and slain in 1982. Innis told Newsday in 1993 "My sons were not killed by the KKK or David Duke. They were murdered by young, black thugs. I use the murder of my sons by black hoodlums to shift the problems from excuses like the KKK to the dope pushers on the streets." Innis was noted for two on-air fights in the middle of TV talk shows in 1988. The first in the midst of an argument about the Tawana Brawley case during a taping of "The Morton Downey, Jr. Show", Innis shoved Al Sharpton to the floor. Also that year, Innis was in a scuffle on "Geraldo" with white supremacist John Metzger. The skirmish started after Metzger, son of White Aryan Resistance founder Tom Metzger, called Innis an "Uncle Tom", and Innis grabbed the seated Metzger's throat, appearing to choke him. Innis raised American volunteers to fight for UNITA, an Angolan rebel army fighting the communist government. UNITA was also supported by Uganda and apartheid-era South Africa. Prosperity USA, a non-profit run by aides of presidential candidate Herman Cain, attracted controversy after it gave a $100,000 donation to CORE shortly before Cain's speech at a CORE event. In 1986, Innis challenged incumbent Major Owens in the Democratic primary for the 12th Congressional District, representing Brooklyn. He was defeated by a three-to-one margin. In the 1993, New York City Democratic Party mayoral primary, Innis challenged incumbent David Dinkins, the first African-American to hold the office. Given his conservative positions on the issues, he explained that "the Democratic Party is the only game in town. It's unfortunate that we have a corrupt one-party, one ideology system in New York City, and I'd like to change that. But being a Democrat doesn't mean you have to be a fool." During his own campaign, Innis also appeared at fundraising events for the Republican candidate Rudolph Giuliani. Innis received 25% of the vote in the four-way race with a majority of his votes coming from multi-ethnic areas, while he failed in less culturally diverse Assembly Districts. Innis lost to Dinkins, who then lost to Giuliani in the general election. In February 1994, his son, Niger, who ran his primary campaign, suggested that Innis would also challenge incumbent governor Mario Cuomo in the Democratic primary. In 1998, Innis joined the Libertarian Party and gave serious consideration to running for Governor of New York as the party's candidate that year. He ultimately decided against running, citing time restrictions related to his duties with CORE. Innis served as New York State Chair in Alan Keyes' 2000 presidential campaign. Innis died on January 8, 2017, at the age of 82, from Parkinson's disease. </doc> <doc id="2342185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342185" title="Morolica"> Morolica Morolica is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. Founded in the late 19th century, Morolica was destroyed by flooding associated with Hurricane Mitch in October 1998. The current Morolica, also known as New Morolica, is located in a valley some five kilometers from the original site. The current mayor is Ever Gomez of the liberal party. Morolica in its entirety accounts for some 6-7,000 people spread out over the city and its aldeas (villages), with around 1,200 living in the city itself. Morolica possesses four churches: Evangelical, Baptist, Pentecostal, and Catholic. The main industry is farming and the economy doesn't stretch much beyond that. Possessing a kindergarten, elementary school, high school, public library, court, health center, census office, and mayor's office, the largest employer by far is the government. </doc> <doc id="2342186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342186" title="Namasigue"> Namasigue Namasigüe () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342187" title="Orocuina"> Orocuina Orocuina is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342188" title="Pespire"> Pespire Pespire is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342190" title="San Antonio de Flores"> San Antonio de Flores San Antonio de Flores is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342191" title="San Isidro, Choluteca"> San Isidro, Choluteca San Isidro () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342193" title="San José, Choluteca"> San José, Choluteca San José is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342194" title="San Marcos de Colón"> San Marcos de Colón San Marcos de Colón is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca, and lies on the border with Nicaragua. The town is located on the Pan-American Highway near the Nicaraguan border town of Estelí, and 192 km away from the capital Tegucigalpa. The town received city status in 1927, though its origins date back to 1795. The climate has traditionally been described as tropical. However, due to widespread agricultural deforestation and a higher altitude (3500 to 5000 feet above sea level); the climate can be more aptly described in many cases as temperate. It can be dusty in the dry season (January through March). The local football team, Atlético Pinares, played in the second tier of Honduran football until it sold its franchise to Comayagua F.C. in 2012. </doc> <doc id="2342195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342195" title="Santa Ana de Yusguare"> Santa Ana de Yusguare Santa Ana de Yusguare () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca. </doc> <doc id="2342196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342196" title="Snuffy Stirnweiss"> Snuffy Stirnweiss George Henry "Snuffy" Stirnweiss (October 26, 1918 – September 15, 1958) was an American professional baseball second baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1943 and 1952, spending most of his MLB career with the New York Yankees, and spending his last couple of seasons playing with the St. Louis Browns and the Cleveland Indians. A batting champion in 1945 and a two-time All-Star, he played a role with three different World Series championship squads during his time in New York. Before turning professional, Stirnweiss was a multi-sport star in high school at Fordham Preparatory School in The Bronx. In 1935, his junior year, he led his school to championships in both baseball and basketball, and was the star of both teams in the process, while being a leader for the gridiron football team as well. These accolades helped to earn him a spot in the school's Hall of Honor upon his graduation from Fordham Prep in 1936. Furthermore, he was able to parlay his sporting accomplishments into attending the University of North Carolina, where he played significant roles with the football and baseball programs. As a football player, he was used in a quarterback and halfback hybrid role, while also being capable of booming punts further down field than most other punters were capable of doing during this time period. His football prowess earned him many accolades, including the highest honor an athlete can achieve at North Carolina, the Patterson Medal, awarded to the senior athlete in the University who is judged by a committee of faculty, administrators, and students to be most outstanding in athletic ability, sportsmanship, morale, leadership, and general conduct. Stirnweiss also played baseball while at North Carolina, though he was not as renowned for his baseball exploits. Stirnweiss was a high draft pick by the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) in the 1940 NFL draft, but after receiving an offer from the New York Yankees, he opted to pursue a baseball career and signed with the New York organization upon his graduation from North Carolina in 1940. Stirnweiss spent the first three seasons of his professional baseball career in the minor leagues, playing the majority of his first season for the Norfolk Tars of the Piedmont League before being promoted and spending two full seasons in 1941 and 1942 in Double-A with the Newark Bears, a member of the International League. A second baseman, Stirnweiss posted moderate statistics in the minors, but with Joe Gordon as the incumbent second baseman at the top flight in the organization, Stirnweiss was not due for a promotion to New York. For his part, Gordon was named the Most Valuable Player of the American League in 1942 after posting a .322 batting average and 103 runs batted in. However, the United States joined World War II after the 1941 MLB season had come to a close, and in the next couple of years, many prominent MLB superstars were about to join the cause; among others, Joe Gordon and Joe DiMaggio served multiple years in the military as well as Charlie Keller spending 1944 on military duty. For Stirnweiss, this was the break he needed to get his foot in the door at the Major League level. At the age of 24, he received his call-up in time for the 1943 season, and posted meager numbers for a utility player dividing his time between shortstop and second base. In 83 games, he was only able to hit .219 while providing uneven results as a base stealer and only thirteen extra base hits in over 300 plate appearances. He hit his first career home run, and his only home run of 1943, in a late-August double header at Briggs Stadium in Detroit in a 5–1 New York win. The 1943 Yankees would win the American League pennant with 98 wins that season, though Stirnweiss was held to limited duty in the World Series that year. Stirnweiss only managed to earn one plate appearance, serving as a pinch-hitter for the pitcher Hank Borowy late in Game 3 with the Yankees trailing, but on a subsequent sacrifice bunt, the third baseman committed an error, paving the way for a five-run rally in a game New York would win 6–2. The Yankees, having lost in the previous year's World Series to the St. Louis Cardinals in upset fashion, returned the favor in 1943 and won the championship in five games. In 1944, Gordon joined the military and temporarily vacated his ironclad second base position. As a regular in 1944, Stirnweiss served as the Yankee lead-off hitter and would subsequently lead the league in plate appearances, runs, triples, and stolen bases, socking 59 extra base hits in total while hitting .319. Providing sturdy and almost error-less defense from second base as well, Stirnweiss was arguably the most vital player on a Yankee team that won 83 games and finished in third place in the American League in 1944. His contributions were so outstanding that he was awarded with a fourth-place finish in the AL MVP voting at the close of the 1944 season. Stirnweiss posted a triple slash line in 1945 that was almost identical to the one he posted the year prior, while socking 64 extra base hits in another league-leading season in plate appearances. Despite a ten-point drop in his batting average from the previous season, his .309 clip in 1945 was enough to edge Tony Cuccinello for the batting crown in the American League for 1945. His base stealing was a bit more uneven in 1945, only posting a 66% success rate that was a far cry from the 83% figure he had accomplished the previous year. With another batting average in excess of .300 and on-base percentage in excess of .380, he would receive another top-4 finish in the American League's MVP balloting, this time finishing in third behind only Detroit ace Hal Newhouser and Detroit second baseman Eddie Mayo, an undeserved second-place finish with respect to Stirnweiss's accomplishments compared to Mayo's. Part of that may well have been due to the fact that Stirnweiss's Yankees’ finished in fourth place in the AL in 1945 while the Detroit Tigers would win the pennant, and then the World Series against the Chicago Cubs. What had been most impressive about Stirnweiss over the past two seasons had been the consistency that he exhibited at the plate. While he did experience a platoon split that showed he fared better against left-handed pitching, he was able to hold his own against same-sided pitching as well. He hit .336 and .340 against left-handed pitching during these two seasons, and .315 and .299 against right-handed pitching. He rarely hit into double plays, using his excellent speed to be able to beat out many groundballs that were kept in the infield, as well as using his speed to leg out many triples as well, leading the league in triples in both seasons, posting 38 in total. He also exhibited a disciplined eye at the plate as well; he drew 151 walks as a regular over the course of these two seasons and posted a comparatively moderate total of 149 strikeouts during this same time period. Surely, with Joe Gordon's imminent return to New York for 1946 looming, the most important question was whether Stirnweiss was legitimately burgeoning into a superstar at the Major League level, or whether his peak years had coincided with a war-torn league. Gordon spent one more season in New York before joining the Cleveland Indians in time for the 1947 season, meaning that Stirnweiss spent the 1946 campaign as a utility player and then ultimately returned to everyday duty at second base in the seasons that followed. Over these three seasons, his last three as an everyday player, Stirnweiss never came close to posting a .300 average again; in fact, Stirnweiss was held to the .250's in all three seasons. His results, on the whole relative to his position, were not horrible, but they were not up to the lofty standards that Stirnweiss had established in 1944 and 1945, and they were not up to the standard that Joe Gordon prior to that had established during what was ultimately a Hall of Fame career for Gordon. Unable to re-capture his former glory, Stirnweiss spent 1949 as a partially used utility player, often coming in as a pinch hitter or defensive replacement late in games with the occasional start, and appeared in seven games for New York before being shipped off to the St. Louis Browns. He posted a pair of .216 batting averages in his final two full seasons in the Major Leagues, doing so again in 1951 after joining the Cleveland Indians. He appeared in one game in 1952 as a defensive replacement at third base and subsequently retired. He was a 1946 All-Star for the American League, perhaps as a reward for his prior two seasons rather than his actual production in 1946 on its own merits. He did participate in all three World Series’ that the Yankees played in during his time with the club, and for his part, he delivered in the 1947 World Series against the cross-town Brooklyn Dodgers, a knock-out seven game fight with the Yankees emerging victorious. Stirnweiss had seven hits and eight walks in that series, posting a .429 on-base percentage in helping New York to the crown. He was used as a defensive replacement in the one game he featured in for the Yankees in their 1949 World Series participation, a shorter victory once again over Brooklyn. Upon his retirement from Major League Baseball in 1952, Stirnwess ventured into the field of managing in the minor league ranks. He served as the manager for the Schenectady Blue Jays, the Philadelphia Phillies' Eastern League affiliate, in 1954, and then moved back into the Yankees’ organization and served as the manager for their affiliate in the same league, the Binghamton Triplets, in 1955. However, this was not a long-term goal of Stirnweiss's, and he left baseball entirely after the 1955 season in favor of a career in finance. It was after he left the game of baseball that Stirnweiss began to deal with some difficulties. Moving into the banking industry, he worked as a solicitor for Federation Bank and Trust Company, but only for a short while. A father with six children, Stirnweiss fell ill and suffered a heart attack in June 1957, and he needed some time to recuperate from his health problems. He never returned to Federation Bank after he suffered his heart attack. Not long after his recovery, he returned to work with Caldwell & Company in Manhattan. On September 15, 1958, Stirnweiss was on Train #3314 of the Central Railroad of New Jersey heading into Manhattan when, for reasons that have never been determined, the train drove straight through signals and flew off the open Newark Bay lift bridge and into the bay itself. Stirnweiss was on board as one of the passenger cars that fell into Newark Bay, killing him and 47 other passengers. Stirnweiss was 39. </doc> <doc id="2342207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342207" title="Horde (software)"> Horde (software) Horde is a free web-based groupware. The components of this groupware rest on the Horde framework. This PHP-based framework provides all the elements required for rapid web application development. Horde offers applications such as the Horde IMP email client, a groupware package (calendar, notes, tasks, file manager), a wiki and a time and task tracking software. The Horde framework evolved from the IMP (Internet Messaging Project) webmail that Chuck Hagenbuch published on Freshmeat in 1998. A constant stream of feature requests not all fitting for a webmail application led to the development of a more generic web application backbone: the Horde framework. The first announcement on Freshmeat was version 1.3.3 at the beginning of 2001. The release of Horde 2.0 and IMP 3.0 was the first one with two truly separate components. Horde as a generic web application framework primarily supported the webmail as well as a set of groupware applications by the time Horde 3.0 was released in 2004. The modular and flexible nature of the software allowed many service providers and packagers to integrate the software into their portfolio. Horde is the software used for webmail offered by SAPO which serves several million users. The software has been packaged for all major Linux distributions and is available as a component in hosting tools such as Plesk or cPanel. With the release of Horde 4.0 in 2011 the framework saw significant architectural changes, a split into nearly a hundred separate PEAR packages and support for smartphones. While preparing the last Horde 3 maintenance release in February 2012 the Horde developers discovered that hackers breached the security of the Horde FTP server and managed to place a backdoor into three of the distributed packages. The attack had taken place in November the year before so that the modified packages were distributed over three months. One of the tainted packages was picked up by the unstable branches of Debian and Ubuntu and were fixed immediately after the successful attack was disclosed. The attackers did not modify the newer Horde 4 sources. The Horde framework contains the following applications and application groups. "Horde Groupware Webmail Edition" extends the "Horde Groupware" by the Horde e-mail applications "IMP" and "Ingo". Horde was the web client for the Kolab groupware system up until version 3. It is also integrated into the cPanel & WHM and Plesk Server management software. </doc> <doc id="2342215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342215" title="Matthew Stiff"> Matthew Stiff Matthew William Tansley Stiff (born 13 December 1979 in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire), formerly credited as Matt Stiff, is an English opera singer and former radio presenter, best known as the former bass singer with classical boyband G4. The son of a BT engineer, Stiff began to play the trombone at the age of eight, but later made the transition to singing, after which he attended Franklin College, then studied Music at the University of Huddersfield where he gained his BMus (Hons) and MA in Musical Performance. While in Huddersfield, he took singing lessons with vocal coach Paul Wade who described him as "a great pupil". As a student at Guildhall where he studied for a Postgraduate diploma in vocal training, Stiff replaced bass singer Tom Lowe to become a member of G4 which also included final year undergraduates Jonathan Ansell, Mike Christie, and Ben Thapa, who all started singing together to raise money and gain experience. In 2004 they later auditioned for the first series of "The X Factor" and despite placing second, signed a £1.5 million record deal with Sony-BMG. Their first album, titled "G4" was released in February 2005 and achieved double-platinum status. They went on to produce two more albums: "G4 and Friends" and "G4 Act Three" with combined sales in excess of 1.5 million copies. In 2007, after three years and three albums, G4 announced their split on "GMTV" due to disagreements within the band, with Stiff stating: "I want to make my own decisions without having to check with three other people first". Lead singer Ansell later admitted that the two of them had rowed the most. In 2008, following a schedule overhaul at Classic FM, Stiff re-joined the station as a weekend presenter (he had previously hosted another show with the other members of G4), after which he returned to Guildhall in 2009 for a Master of Music Opera course, graduating with a Distinction in 2011. He has since joined a number of opera companies including the British Youth Opera where he played Kecal in "The Bartered Bride" to rave reviews. </doc> <doc id="2342228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342228" title="The Buddha of Suburbia (soundtrack)"> The Buddha of Suburbia (soundtrack) The Buddha of Suburbia is a 1993 soundtrack album by David Bowie which accompanied the 4-part television serial "The Buddha of Suburbia" on BBC2 (itself adapted from the book "The Buddha of Suburbia" by Hanif Kureishi). Released between "Black Tie White Noise" (1993) and "Outside" (1995), the album was produced and mixed at Mountain Studios (Montreux) in Switzerland and, according to Bowie, it took only six days to write and record, but fifteen days to mix because of some "technical breakdowns". Although the album has been classified as a soundtrack, the title track is the only song to have been featured in the programme (as further detailed below). Two of the tracks are ambient instrumentals and quite similar to Bowie's work with Brian Eno in the late 1970s. Other tracks on the album make strong use of saxophone, electronic keyboards and piano. Although classified on the album cover as a soundtrack, this album is not the soundtrack Bowie wrote for the BBC dramatisation of Hanif Kureishi's book with the same name (which remains unreleased). Rather, after writing the actual soundtrack Bowie decided to work further on the same motifs, creating the radically different pieces that are heard on the album. Only the title track remained unaltered from the original soundtrack. Despite Bowie once hailing it as his favourite album, both the 1993 European and 1995 American releases were deleted for many years. Or, as Bowie put it, "The album itself only got one review, a good one as it happens, and is virtually non-existent as far as my catalogue goes – it was designated a soundtrack and got zilch in the way of marketing money. A real shame." To confuse matters even more, a "Buddha of Suburbia" single was also released in various guises, including a CD with holographic print. Consequently, the album itself is sometimes overlooked, despite the fact it is a full-length studio recording and featured ten tracks previously unreleased by the artist. Bowie played many instruments on the album, with the help of the multi-instrumentalist Erdal Kızılçay. Mike Garson plays piano on two tracks and Lenny Kravitz plays guitar on the title track (alternative version). The album was re-issued on 17 September 2007, in the UK and on 2 October 2007 in the US. The official press release showed that the cover of the re-issue would be similar to the 1995 US cover, but in colour with Bowie in a slightly different pose. The actual cover, however, is just a colourised version of the original US cover art. The re-issue contains both Bowie's former liner notes from the original UK issue and the inner artwork of the original US issue. On the European version of the album Bowie provides comprehensive liner notes on the themes and production techniques involved, and reveals a list of 'residue from the 1970s' as his inspiration for the songs. The list includes the following references: Free association lyrics, Pink Floyd, Harry Partch, Costume, Blues Clubs, Unter den Linden, Brucke Museum, "Pet Sounds", Friends of the Krays, Roxy Music, T-Rex, The Casserole, Neu!, Kraftwerk, Bromley, Croydon, Eno, Prostitutes & Soho, Ronnie Scott's Club, Travels through Russia, Loneliness, O'Jays, Philip Glass in New York clubs, Die Mauer, Drugs. </doc> <doc id="2342230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342230" title="In Slaughter Natives"> In Slaughter Natives In Slaughter Natives is a Swedish industrial, dark ambient act formed by Jouni Havukainen in 1985. They have releases on the Cold Meat Industry label. After a nearly decade-long hiatus, In Slaughter Natives moved to the Cyclic Law label with "Cannula Coma Legio", which was released on June 21, 2014. </doc> <doc id="2342236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342236" title="Chip tuning"> Chip tuning Chip tuning refers to changing or modifying an erasable programmable read only memory chip in an automobile's or other vehicle's electronic control unit (ECU) to achieve superior performance, whether it be more power, cleaner emissions, or better fuel efficiency. Engine manufacturers generally use a conservative electronic control unit map to allow for individual engine variations as well as infrequent servicing and poor-quality fuel. Vehicles with a remapped electronic control unit may be more sensitive to fuel quality and service schedules. This was done with early engine computers in the 1980s and 1990s. Today, the term chip tuning can be misleading, as people will often use it to describe ECU tuning that does not involve swapping the chip. Modern electronic control units can be tuned by simply updating their software through a standard interface, such as On Board Diagnostics. This procedure is commonly referred to as engine or electronic control unit tuning. Electronic control units are a relatively recent addition to the automobile, having first appeared in the late 1970s. As technology advanced, so did the electronics that go into cars. The electronic control unit in a modern automobile, together with advanced engine technology, makes it possible to control many aspects of the engine's operation, such as spark timing and fuel injection. The electronic control unit may also control electronic throttle control (drive-by-wire), poppet valve timing, boost control (in turbocharged engines), Anti-lock braking system, the automatic transmission, speed governor (if equipped), and the Electronic Stability Control system. Performance gains are realized by adjusting the ignition timing advance. Different timing may result in better performance. However, to cope with advanced timing, one must run high-octane gasoline to avoid pre-ignition detonation or pinging. Manufacturers design for a specific timing and this may limit performance accordingly. In addition, changing fuel maps to coincide with the stoichiometric ratio for gasoline combustion may also realize performance increase. Most manufacturers tune for optimum emissions (running rich to protect the catalytic converter) and fuel economy purposes which can limit performance. Cars with a turbo fitted can have the requested and allowable boost levels raised, these applications usually have the most effect if the turbo fitted is a low pressure turbo which leaves the most room for improvement. Another reason to change the electronic control unit map is if there are engine, intake, or exhaust modifications to the car. These "bolt-on" modifications alter the way that the engine flows, often causing the air to fuel ratio to change. Without re-mapping the fuel tables, some of the performance gains from the modifications may not be realized. A poorly tuned electronic control unit can result in decreased performance, driveability, and may even cause engine damage. The most common way to "upgrade" the electronic control unit is using either plug in modules as mentioned above or using a specialist tuner who will use an On Board Diagnostics Flash tool. These devices generally plug into the diagnostic port although in some cases the reprogramming is done directly on the circuit board. Maps are supplied by tuners. An alternative to modifying the on-board chip is adding an external device, often known as a tuning box. Tuning boxes work by connecting to certain existing sensors on the engine and manipulating the signal that they send to the car's ECU. The number of sensor signals that are intercepted will vary depending on the manufacturer of the tuning box. Generally speaking, at a minimum, diesel turbo tuning boxes will manipulate the fuel pressure signal and turbo petrol tuning boxes will intercept the boost pressure signal. The advantage of external tuning boxes is that they can be easily removed to restore the vehicle to standard and they leave no trace of being used. </doc> <doc id="2342244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342244" title="Mike Christie (singer)"> Mike Christie (singer) Michael Philip "Mike" Christie (born 21 April 1981) is an English singer-songwriter, composer, and baritone with classical popera group G4 from series 1 of The X Factor back in 2004. Mike Christie was born in Redhill, Surrey. He began singing professionally at the age of eight when he was offered a place as a chorister at Reigate St. Mary’s Choir School, and in 1993, he gained admission into Ardingly College where he studied singing under John Dudley and Director of Music Robert Hammersley. It was during this period he appeared in the film "Four Weddings and a Funeral" as a member of a choir at one of the weddings featured; they would later record the soundtrack for "The Browning Version". After his voice broke, Mike Christie took a couple of years out, taking A levels in Chemistry, Art & Design and Music before returning to singing at the age of seventeen. He later spent four years at Guildhall School of Music and Drama, graduating in 2004 with Honours in Singing and Piano. Before graduating, Mike Christie competed in "The X Factor" as a member of G4 with Jonathan Ansell, Matt Stiff, and Ben Thapa where they placed second behind Steve Brookstein. The group released three albums before their split in 2007, with Christie admitting: "We'd had enough of each other". However, after a seven-year hiatus, G4 reunited for a reunion concert at the Barbican Hall , with Nick Ashby replacing Matt Stiff as he wanted to concentrate on his solo operatic career. The same night G4 announced that they would follow the concert with a Reunion Tour around the country.This was a success which led to Reunion Concert Tour across the UK. Mike Christie has also been on a Christmas By Candlelight Tour along with the other members of G4 in 2015 and in 2016 and its planned in 2017 as well. During 2016, G4 went on a Back For Good Tour with special female guest singers Margaret Keys, Katie Marshell and Alessandra Paonessa for the April leg of the tour but for September they were joined by Britain's Got Talent starts Vox Vortura. During 2017, G4 released their 5th album 'Love Songs' featuring Merrill Osmond and Lesley Garrett and taking it on a 32 date tour around the UK and Ireland. Along with The X Factor China winner Mary-Jess Leaverland and saxophone player Oli Nez, but for the show in London Union Chapel G4 were joined by Merrill Osmond and Lesley Garrett. G4 also took their Christmas by Candlelight Tour around the UK for the third year running. 2018, has led G4 to embark on a 36 night tour 'Live in Concert 2018' during March and September with a trip back through memory lane, G4 will then take to the stage again during November and December with the fourth Christmas by Candlelight Tour. In 2010, Mike Christie released his debut solo album "To The Fore" which was a departure from the classical crossover songs he had been known for, and included several self-penned songs including "Why Not Today"; prior to this, he had headlined his "Showstoppers" tour in Birmingham and London. A year later, he featured in a production of "The Glorious Ones", and in 2013, his own opera "The Miller's Wife" - written entirely in English - was shown at the Arcola theatre. Mike Christie has been participating in opera at Opera Holland Park in London since 2016 and is appearing in Isabeau this summer (2018). in 2017 Mike Christie was involved in performances of Verdi's Macbeth where he played the role of Banquo. Mike Christie went on a Solo tour in October 2017 with songs from his album "To The Fore." Mike also announced that he was making a new album via PledgeMusic which was released on 5th October 2018 entitled '10 Years On' which was followed by a 5 date tour 'An Evening with Mike Christie Up Close and Personal' which included songs from this album and guests at certain venues Daniel Boys, Mary-Jess Leaverland & Kyle Thomlinson. Mike Christie worked in property development shortly after the G4's split. Since the reform of G4 Mike Christie has opened his own production company 'Amick Productions' which promotes tours of which G4, Vox Fortura and the Chinese version of 'X Factor' winner Mary-Jess Leaverland have been included. Mike Christie's Production Company Amick Productions staged a 4 day outdoor prom on the Isle of Wight 'The Wight Proms' in August at Northwood House.. The event featured Blake, Kerry Ellis as well as other West End stars and local island talent. </doc> <doc id="2342248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342248" title="Ben Thapa"> Ben Thapa Ben Vishala Thapa (born 2 March 1982) is an English opera singer, best known as the low tenor in G4 from 2004 to 2018. Born in Cambridge, Thapa was raised by a single mother from the age of four after his father left, and entered foster care when he was eleven. It was during this time Thapa started singing lessons and sang in his local church choir, and played the clarinet in an orchestra while at Hills Road Sixth Form College. He studied at Royal Northern College of Music for a year before transferring to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama where he graduated from in 2004. Thapa graduated from the Wales International Academy of Voice in 2013. While completing his course at Guildhall, Thapa auditioned for the first series of "The X Factor" with his G4 bandmates Jon Ansell, Matt Stiff, and Mike Christie where they reached the final but lost out to Steve Brookstein. Due to their popularity on the show they were soon approached by Sony BMG, and the group released three albums. As he had perfect pitch, Thapa's other role in G4 was ensuring that the other members were in the right key during their performances. The group split in 2007, with Thapa stating: "I am not a team player. I don't want to be Ben from G4 any more". However, after a seven-year hiatus, G4 reunited for a reunion concert at the Barbican Hall, and announced their 2015 reunion tour. Ben continued touring and recording with G4 until April 2018. Then on 19 July he announced on social media that he was leaving G4 with immediate effect to concentrate on his solo Operatic career. Thapa has worked with the National Chamber Choir of Ireland, released the album "Songs of My Childhood", and embarked on a nationwide tour. Thapa has also sung in numerous opera productions, including the Scottish Opera's "Kátya Kabanová". </doc> <doc id="2342251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342251" title="Fernand Boden"> Fernand Boden Fernand Boden (born 13 September 1943) is a politician from Luxembourg. He was a minister in the government of Luxembourg from 1979 to 2009. Boden was born in Echternach. He studied Mathematics and Physics at the University of Liège, and between 1966 and 1978 he taught at Echternach grammar school. He served as deputy mayor of Echternach from 1970 to 1976 and was a member of the local council. He was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg from the Eastern Constituency as a member of the Christian Social People's Party in 1978; he was re-elected in 1979. He joined the government in 1979 as Minister of National Education and Youth and Minister of Tourism, holding those portfolios until 1989. In the latter year he was moved to the posts of Minister for Family and Solidarity and Minister of the Middle Classes and Tourism, and in 1994 he became Minister for the Civil Service. He served in the latter position until 26 January 1995, when he became Minister of Agriculture, Viticulture and Rural Development and Minister for the Middle Classes, Tourism, and Housing. He retained those portfolios for over 14 years, until being replaced in July 2009. </doc> <doc id="2342253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342253" title="Mike Monty"> Mike Monty Mike Monty (October 23, 1936 – August 4, 2006) was an American character actor, born in 1936 in Chattanooga, Tennessee as Michael O'Donahue but he changed his name to Mike Monty late in life. He left the United States for Italy in the early 1960s, where he started a modest film career as a supporting actor, appearing mostly in spaghetti westerns, sexploitation and horror. Many of his appearances were uncredited. Some were credited as Mike Monti, Michael Monty or Mike Monte. One of the more infamous films he acted in during the 70s was the Nazi-exploitation epic "Achtung! The Desert Tigers!", directed by Paolo Solvay and starring fellow American expatriates Richard Harrison and Gordon Mitchell (with whom Monty shared an apartment for several years in Italy). Solvay was notorious for recycling scenes from film to film. "Achtung! The Desert Tigers" was no exception to the rule, featuring footage from his World War II epic "Quando Suana la Campana" AKA "When the Bell Tolls" (1970). In the early 1980s Monty relocated to the Philippines, where he began a very prolific career in Z-movie actioners, many of them made for "Silver Star Film Company" (called "Kinavesa" in the Philippines), produced by K.Y. Lim. Over the decade, he appeared in countless low-budget Filipino features and some Italian productions shot in the archipelago, often cast as a military officer or a policeman, in parts very similar to Richard Crenna in First Blood. Although he wasn't a great actor, Monty was thin, straight-postured and gaunt, which translated well to military characters. He made several films with fellow Filipino Exploitation actors Romano Kristoff, James Gaines, Mike Cohen, Bruce Baron, Ann Milhench, Gwendolyn Hung, Ronnie Patterson, and directors Teddy Page "(Teddy Chiu)" and John Gale "(Jun Gallardo)". One of his larger roles from the Filipino period was in the Rambo imitation "Slash", directed by Gale and starring Kristoff and Hung. Monty also appeared in all of the films Richard Harrison made in the Philippines: as a POW in "Intrusion Cambodia" AKA "Rescue Team", a police chief in "Fireback" and as a gangster in "Blood Debts". The "Silver Star" films, otherwise fallen into obscurity, have become minor cult items among some bad movie fans. His more well-known films from the 1980s were Italian productions such as "The Atlantis Interceptors", directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring former Peyton Place star Christopher Connelly and Tony King, and "Captain Yankee", directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Connelly and Lee Van Cleef. Arguably one of Monty's better Philippines-shot films was the American low-budget Vietnam War film "Dog Tags" for director "Romano Scavolini". He also had a very small part in the Fred Williamson vehicle "Black Cobra 2". His acting career dwindled with the near demise of the Filipino film industry at the turn of the 90s. Remaining in the Philippines, he kept occasionally appearing in Japanese productions shot in the Philippines and in some exploitation films shot in the archipel by Bruno Mattei. He died of a heart attack on August 4, 2006, in Rome, Italy, while doing post-production work for a Mattei film. </doc> <doc id="2342260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342260" title="Wolverine (video game)"> Wolverine (video game) Wolverine is an action video game developed by Software Creations and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the NES, and was released in North America in 1991. It is a licensed game based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name, as well as the X-Men. Wolverine has been captured by his old foes Magneto and Sabretooth. Stranded on a deserted island, Wolverine must survive deadly enemies and traps, concluding with a battle with Magneto and Sabretooth. The player controls Wolverine, who has been imprisoned on a vast island, through various stages, into a final battle against evil mutants Magneto and Sabretooth. Along with icons to restore health, or to gain extra lives, special icons can be located to allow other X-Men characters, such as Jubilee, Havok, and Psylocke to offer advice or temporary aid. Wolverine's basic moves are jumping, ducking, punching, and kicking. He can bring out his legendary powerful claws with a push of the "Select" button, but every time the claws are used, his energy is depleted. Energy is regained by consuming food and beverages, such as hamburgers and soft drinks. If the player kills enough minor characters, Wolverine will temporarily shift into a "Berzerker" mode. Unlike many other NES games, where the player's character is given a grace period of invulnerability after sustaining damage, Wolverine's energy is simply drained for as long as he is in contact with an enemy or hazard. Another difference is that at the end of a level, except for the final one, there is no boss to defeat. In a retrospective of video games featuring Wolverine, IGN mocked the NES game for not being faithful to the comics as well as its high difficulty level. </doc> <doc id="2342265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342265" title="2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships"> 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships The 29th European Athletics Indoor Championships were held in the National Indoor Arena (NIA) in Birmingham, England, from Friday, 2 March to Sunday, 4 March 2007. Birmingham also held the 2003 IAAF World Indoor Championships. </doc> <doc id="2342269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342269" title="Matthew Digby Wyatt"> Matthew Digby Wyatt Sir Matthew Digby Wyatt (28 July 1820 – 21 May 1877) was a British architect and art historian who became Secretary of the Great Exhibition, Surveyor of the East India Company and the first Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge. From 1855 until 1859 he was honorary secretary of the Royal Institute of British Architects, and in 1866 received the Royal Gold Medal. Born in Rowde, Wiltshire, Wyatt trained as an architect in the office of his elder brother, Thomas Henry Wyatt. He assisted Isambard Kingdom Brunel on the terminus of the Great Western Railway at London Paddington (1854) and later designed a considerable expansion to the Bristol Temple Meads station (1871–8). He also enlarged and rebuilt Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge (1866: now the Judge Institute of Management). He designed the Rothschild Mausoleum in the Jewish Cemetery at West Ham. In 1851, Wyatt produced the book "The Industrial Arts of the Nineteenth Century", an imposing imperial folio in two volumes which illustrates a selection of items from the Great Exhibition of 1851. The book, which has won widespread acclaim for the quality of its plates, appeared in two parts, with the first dated 1 October 1851, through to the extra illustrated title-pages dated 15 March 1853. There are 160 chromolithographed plates produced by a team of artists and lithographers including Francis Bedford, J. A. Vinter and Henry Rafter. He was appointed to the post of Surveyor of the East India Company in 1855, shortly before its role in governing India was taken over by the Crown, and subsequently became Architect to the Council of India. In this role he designed the interiors of the India Office in London (1867: now part of the Foreign & Commonwealth Office) and the Royal Indian Engineering College (1871-3: now the Runnymede campus of Brunel University). A paper on the construction of the exhibition building read before the Institution of Civil Engineers in 1866 was awarded the Telford medal. His work included, c. 1869, a substantial private residence, known as 'Newells', not far from Leonardslee at Lower Beeding, near Horsham in Sussex, as mentioned in A History of the County of Sussex: Volume 6. Newells had been occupied as a preparatory school for boys from 1946 until destroyed by fire in 1968. Photographic images of the exterior and interior of the house when occupied by the prep. school can be seen at an external link given in the article 'Newells Preparatory School'. Amongst the extravagant pieces he worked on was Robert Stephenson Works of Newcastle upon Tyne 1295 of 1862. This 2-2-4T for the Egyptian Railways survives with all its fantastical marquetry in the Egyptian Railway Museum in Cairo. It is called the Khedive's Train. </doc> <doc id="2342272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2342272" title="C.F. Estrela da Amadora"> C.F. Estrela da Amadora Clube de Futebol Estrela da Amadora (), sometimes just Estrela, is a Portuguese sports club (prominently football) based in Amadora, northwest of Lisbon. Founded in 1932, its football team last played in the third division, holding home games at "Estádio José Gomes". While never a contender to the place of the third-most important club in the Lisbon Football Association, Estrela da Amadora won a Cup of Portugal in 1990 and one second division championship in 1992–93. In 16 seasons in top flight football – eight consecutive – its best season