referring to the supermarket parking lot which will replace the historic Second Empire structures if the land is ceded to the city. Markowitz continued promoting affordable housing, as he had in the Senate. Through capital funding and use of the borough president's ULURP (land use) authority, thousands of affordable housing units have been created, including inclusionary zoning in Greenpoint/Willamsburg and the Habitat for Humanity project in Ocean Hill/Brownsville. He agitated to save Starrett City, the nation's largest federally-subsidized housing complex, and keep it "affordable forever". His efforts to expand Brooklyn's economy include gentrifying Coney Island; rezoning Greenpoint, Williamsburg, and downtown Brooklyn; cleaning up Newtown Creek; encouraging development of the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal; and attracting regional corporate headquarters, large manufacturers and retailers, startups and green businesses. As a longtime advocate for seniors, Markowitz campaigned to keep Brooklyn senior centers open when they were threatened with closures due to budget cuts. His efforts to save Brooklyn's financially troubled medical institutions resulted in the preservation of maternity and pediatric units at Long Island College Hospital as well as the critical services provided by school medical clinics. He also called for increased parental and community engagement in schools and has supported policies that improve graduation rates and prepare Brooklyn students to compete and succeed in the global economy. His office was instrumental in creating two new schools in Brooklyn: the High School for Innovation in Advertising and Media and the Brooklyn Academy of Global Finance on Stuyvesant Avenue. He founded and hosts the Seaside Summer Concert Series (begun in 1979), New York City's largest free weekly concert series, and the Martin Luther King, Jr. Concert Series (started in 1983), the nation’s largest free public concerts for African American and Caribbean audiences. He has supported Brooklyn’s cultural community, including the BAM Cultural District and Issue Project Room, and is working to restore the Loew's Kings Theatre in Flatbush. He has hosted annual heritage events at Borough Hall celebrating Brooklyn's diversity, including celebrations of the Turkish, Asian, Latino, African-American, Jewish, Caribbean, Italian, Greek, Russian, Polish, Lebanese and LGBT communities. Markowitz has worked to establish Brooklyn’s first-ever LGBT Center for Brooklyn. The Brooklyn Community Pride Center board has been formed to determine a location and gather support for the project. As borough president, he founded initiatives to promote and improve the quality of life in Brooklyn, including Shop Brooklyn; the Lighten Up Brooklyn and Take Your Man to the Doctor campaigns; Camp Brooklyn; the jobs-for-youth Summer HEAT program; Dine in Brooklyn restaurant week; the Brooklyn Book Festival; the smART Brooklyn Gallery Hop; and a tourism organization called Brooklyn Tourism. Former Brooklyn female district leader Renee Collymore worked for him as an executive assistant. Markowitz has been a supporter of the controversial Atlantic Yards complex (renamed Pacific Park since 2014). The arena, now known as the Barclays Center, houses the NBA's Brooklyn Nets and serves as a temporary home for the NHL's New York Islanders. His desire to bring an NBA team to Brooklyn had been known since his campaign for borough president, and he was instrumental in persuading Bruce Ratner to purchase the Nets in 2004. Initially uninterested, Ratner said that Markowitz "called every two to three weeks... I am sure I said to my assistant, 'Oh, my God, it's Marty.'" In 2002 Markowitz appointed Dolly Williams to the New York City Planning Commission. Two years later, it was revealed that Williams, who is co-founder of a Brooklyn construction company, had invested a million dollars in Bruce Ratner's purchase of the New Jersey Nets. Williams announced that she would recuse herself from any decisions about the Atlantic Yards project, and she is the only Brooklyn appointee to the Planning Commission. In March 2008, Ratner acknowledged that much of the project was stalled - but that construction on the basketball arena would begin before 2009. This angered many citizens, who have suggested that affordable housing should come before a sports complex for the developer's team, and angers still more of them as none of the affordable housing has yet been built as of 2014. On April 3, 2008, Markowitz and his wife Jamie Snow attended a controversial gala honoring Ratner at the Brooklyn Museum. The event featured Japanese artist Takashi Murakami and a performance by Kanye West. Markowitz delivered an address to attendees, prompting protesters outside to take a break from shouting "shame" in order to chant pejoratives at the Borough President. During this same event, Markowitz's wife Jamie took eight limited edition fiberglass placemats designed by Murakami; this move caused some controversy, since there were only enough produced to provide each guest with one. Markowitz defended his wife, saying the couple would sell them and profits would go to Camp Brooklyn, a program that sends low-income kids to camp. "If they're truly worth a thousand dollars, we will sell them and give every penny," he said. Similar limited edition Murakami placemats have sold for around $1,000 on eBay. The Barclays Center opened on September 28, 2012, with a concert by Brooklyn-born rapper Jay-Z. In September 2009, NYC Department of Transportation was scheduled to modify the layout of Prospect Park West, installing a two-way protected bicycle lane. The project was stalled after Markowitz wrote a letter to the city opposing the measure. The traffic calming measures were planned in response to documented pedestrian safety issues and had the support of Community Board 6. A DOT study showed that "more than 70% of vehicles were exceeding the 30 mph limit, and at least 15 percent were traveling at 40 mph or faster. From 2005 to 2007, there were 58 reported crashes on Prospect Park West." The conflict came to a head in April 2010 when DOT announced plans to go ahead with the modifications. Markowitz made disparaging remarks about DOT commissioner Janette Sadik-Khan, calling her a "zealot", though he later clarified his statement. Markowitz claimed he supports other bike lanes in the city, but his opposition stems from the elimination of parking spaces and one lane of traffic. The bike lane was completed in June 2010 despite Markowitz's continued opposition. Markowitz lives in Windsor Terrace, on the southern portion of Prospect Park West. Markowitz was mentioned as a possible candidate for the 2009 Mayoral election. Bloomberg, before having term limitations for city mayor removed by a vote of the city council and his announcement to run, was asked what he thought about the Brooklyn borough president. According to WABC, he said it was too early to get involved choosing a candidate, but said, "Markowitz seems very capable, and if he wants to run, he should run". WABC reported he had gotten 18% in polls for the Democratic nomination. In July 2011, New York City's Conflicts of Interest Board fined Markowitz $20,000, an unusually large penalty, for accepting three trips for his wife, Jamie Snow, that were paid for by the governments of Turkey and the Netherlands. The Board found that "by accepting travel expenses for his wife for each trip, [Markowitz] used his position as a public servant for private or personal advantage." The Board found that he had been aware of the rule prohibiting his acceptance of the free trips at the time of the trips. Markowitz and his wife Jamie Snow were married in 1999. They live in Windsor Terrace, on the southern portion of Prospect Park West. </doc> <doc id="2344105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344105" title="Ernest Bromley"> Ernest Bromley Ernest Bromley (March 14, 1912 – December 17, 1997) was an American minister, Quaker and civil rights and peace activist. A founding member of the Freedom Riders, he played an active role in protests of racial segregation in the Southern United States. He also organized rallies in Cincinnati which protested the Vietnam War and segregation. Bromley was also a pioneer of the modern American tax resistance movement. In 1942 he refused to display a "defense tax stamp" on his car. He redirected the $7.09 cost of the stamp that would have gone to the war effort and gave it instead to Methodist overseas relief. He was jailed for 60 days and lost his position as minister. He married Marion Bromley in 1948. He produced and edited a local newsletter called "Peacemaker" for many years. Peacemakers was the name of an organization that he and his wife Marion helped found that encouraged pacifism and resistance to war taxes and the draft. Peacemakers developed a fund for families of people imprisoned for acts of conscience. In the 1970s the Internal Revenue Service tried and failed to seize their home for non-payment of taxes. In 1977 the War Resisters League gave the Bromleys its annual Peace Award. His activism informed and was informed by his faith as a member of the Religious Society of Friends, specifically Cincinnati Community Friends monthly meeting. The Quaker testimonies of peace and equality were values for which he lived. </doc> <doc id="2344109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344109" title="Jurassic Park (arcade game)"> Jurassic Park (arcade game) Jurassic Park is a rail shooter arcade game developed and released by Sega in 1994. It is based on the 1993 film of the same name. The game cabinet resembles the rear of the Ford Explorer tour vehicles used in the film. The player, equipped with a joystick, must shoot dinosaurs that appear on-screen throughout the game. The game is notable for having a moving seat, also used in Sega's previous 1991 light gun shooter "Rail Chase". The seat is powered by hydraulic pistons to move the seat according to action on the screen. The game's graphics blend two-dimensional sprites and three-dimensional polygons to give the sense of movement. "Jurassic Park" was the first game of this genre to include 3D environments. The game was followed by two arcade sequels, "" in 1997, and "Jurassic Park III" in 2001. Another arcade game, titled "Jurassic Park Arcade", was released in 2015 and is based on the first three films in the "Jurassic Park" series. The game takes place on Isla Nublar a few months after the events of the film. Similar to "Operation Wolf", the player fends off a vehicle from dinosaur attacks with automatic weaponry. A joystick is used to play, rather than a light gun. Dinosaurs include "Tyrannosaurus rex", "Velociraptor", "Dilophosaurus", "Gallimimus", "Brachiosaurus", "Ankylosaurus", "Triceratops", "Ichthyosaurus", and "Pteranodon". Fences and large rocks that block the player's path must be shot at to avoid running into them. The game ends with the dinosaurs being caged once again. "Edge" called the game a "shameful "Line of Fire"/"Rail Chase"-style shoot 'em up," concluding that it was, "Very disappointing." </doc> <doc id="2344112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344112" title="The Robber Bridegroom (novella)"> The Robber Bridegroom (novella) The Robber Bridegroom is a 1942 novella by Eudora Welty. The story, inspired by and loosely based on the Grimm fairy tale "The Robber Bridegroom", is a Southern folk tale set in Mississippi. At the opening of the novella, the legendary Mike Fink meets gentleman robber Jamie Lockhart, and Lockhart comes out on top. The story follows Clement Musgrove back to his home on the Natchez Trace, where he lives with his daughter, Rosamund, and second wife, Salome. Lockhart kidnaps Rosamund, and the two quickly fall in love. The novel utilizes aspects of the Cupid and Psyche myth. It was adapted by Alfred Uhry and Robert Waldman into a musical of the same name in the early seventies and opened for a short run on Broadway in 1976. </doc> <doc id="2344121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344121" title="European Parliament Committee on Transport and Tourism"> European Parliament Committee on Transport and Tourism The Committee on Transport and Tourism (TRAN) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its current chair is the French MEP Karima Delli of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance. The Committee is directly supported by a research service, the Policy Department for Structural & Cohesion Policies. Most of its research studies and briefings are published online. The publications do not necessarily reflect the view of the Committee. Recent publications (as of October 2018): BREXIT: transport and tourism – the consequences of a no-deal scenario Transport and Tourism in Poland Charging infrastructure for electric road vehicles Transport and tourism for persons with disabilities and persons with reduced mobility Transport and Tourism in Greece Road enforcement databases: economic feasibility and costs Transport and Tourism in Ireland European Tourism Labelling Battery-powered electric vehicles: market development and lifecycle emissions The “Scandinavian-Mediterranean Corridor” in the regions of Catania, Augusta and Naples The new Silk Route – opportunities and challenges for EU transport Odometer tampering: measures to prevent it Infrastructure funding challenges in the sharing economy Transport in California Decarbonisation of EU transport Health tourism in the EU: a general investigation Road Transport Hauliers in the EU: Social and Working Conditions Passenger night trains in Europe: the end of the line? Transport and Tourism in the Baltic States Prospects for “Remote” En-Route Air Traffic Services The EU Maritime Transport System: Focus on Ferries Safe Integration of Drones into Airspace </doc> <doc id="2344130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344130" title="European Parliament Committee on Budgets"> European Parliament Committee on Budgets The Committee on Budgets (BUDG) is a committee of the European Parliament. It has 41 members plus 39 substitute members. The committee's current chair is Jean Arthuis, who has held this position since 7 July 2014. </doc> <doc id="2344134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344134" title="Arteriovenous fistula"> Arteriovenous fistula An arteriovenous fistula is an abnormal connection or passageway between an artery and a vein. It may be congenital, surgically created for hemodialysis treatments, or acquired due to pathologic process, such as trauma or erosion of an arterial aneurysm. Just like berry aneurysm, an intracerebral arteriovenous fistula can rupture causing subarachnoid hemorrhage. When an arteriovenous fistula is formed involving a major artery like the abdominal aorta, it can lead to a large decrease in peripheral resistance. This lowered peripheral resistance causes the heart to increase cardiac output to maintain proper blood flow to all tissues. The physical manifestations of this would be a relatively normal systolic blood pressure with a decreased diastolic blood pressure resulting in a wide pulse pressure. Normal blood flow in the brachial artery is 85 to 110 milliliters per minute (mL/min). After the creation of a fistula, the blood flow increases to 400–500 mL/min immediately, and 700–1,000 mL/min within 1 month. A brachiocephalic fistula above the elbow has a greater flow rate than a radiocephalic fistula at the wrist. Both the artery and the vein dilate and elongate in response to the greater blood flow and shear stress, but the vein dilates more and becomes "arterialized". In one study, the cephalic vein increased from 2.3 mm to 6.3 mm diameter after 2 months. When the vein is large enough to allow cannulation, the fistula is defined as "mature". An arteriovenous fistula can increase preload. AV shunts also decrease the afterload of the heart. This is because the blood bypasses the arterioles which results in a decrease in the total peripheral resistance (TPR). AV shunts increase both the rate and volume of blood returning to the heart. </doc> <doc id="2344136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344136" title="Hy Anzell"> Hy Anzell Hy Anzell (September 7, 1923 – August 23, 2003) was a Yiddish-speaking American theater, television, and movie actor. He originated the role of the flower shop owner, "Mr. Mushnik", in the original off-Broadway production of "Little Shop of Horrors" with Ellen Greene and Lee Wilkof. He was also in the original 1976 Broadway cast of "Checking Out". He appeared in dozens of films and television programs. He had roles in a number of films directed by Woody Allen, beginning with "Bananas", and notably including "Annie Hall" (in which he had his best-known movie role as Uncle Joey Nichols). He died of natural causes at age 79. </doc> <doc id="2344137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344137" title="Armitage III"> Armitage III The series was followed up in 2002 with a sequel, set some years after the original story. In 2046, the overpopulation of Earth has led to the colonization of Mars—with the aid of the "first type" androids, men were able to begin terraforming the unfriendly environment of Mars and build the city Saint Lowell. Seventy years after the start of colonization, the city is completed and inhabited by great numbers of people and "Second type" robots, much improved versions of the "First types". Ross Syllibus, a middle-aged policeman from Chicago, flies to Saint Lowell using a space shuttle. Syllibus asked to be transferred to the Martian Police Department to escape from his past and haunting memories of his previous partner being killed by a robot. At the Saint Lowell's space port he is to meet his new partner—a young woman named Naomi Armitage. On the same shuttle as Syllibus travels Kelly McCannon—"the last country singer in the Universe". As the shuttle nears the terminal, a mysterious man is seen entering the cargo section; soon after this, the intruder is noticed and the alarms go off. Later, as Ross gets off the shuttle, he witnesses a disturbing scene at the airport. He bumps into the mysterious man with a big suitcase and two guards. Soon after that, Armitage orders the men to stop and get their hands up. Puzzled, Ross notices a few drops of blood spilling from the mysterious man's suitcase. The two robot guards are killed by Armitage and the mysterious man is wounded, but flees. However, he leaves his suitcase behind—inside of which is the dead body of Kelly McCannon. To everybody's surprise and horror, McCannon turns out to be a robot: a new, never-seen-before "Third type" android that is superficially identical to humans. Later, the mysterious man hacks into the public television system and replays the security camera footage. The tape shows the man killing Kelly McCannon and reveals the fact of her being a robot to the entire city. The mysterious man, René D'anclaude, reveals that the Third types have been among the regular people for a long time and nobody can tell them apart from humans. He also reveals a list of Thirds—and it turns out that a lot of well-known people are actually robots. Riots begin in the city as people start to capture and burn all the Thirds they can find. Meanwhile, René D'anclaude proceeds with his extermination of the Thirds. The two main characters start their investigation and eventually find out, that the victims are women. One of the dying victims sends out a message with the list of Thirds to save them from being slaughtered. Armitage receives it and pursues D'anclaude. Armitage is eventually revealed to be a third and goes into hiding as the police hunt for her. Ross seeks her out as she enlists the help of a male third named Julian Moore. D'anclaude then attacks them and is revealed to be a second. While the police drop the case with D'anclaude's supposed capture, Armitage and Julian search a databank for information on her origins. Armitage eventually defeats D'anclaude, but is too late to stop Julian from being killed. She and Ross break into the hospital D'anclaude was recovering in, branding themselves as criminals after the rescue. Armitage and Ross later go off in search of her "father", Dr. Asakura, only to learn he had lost his mind, as explained by a gentler, reprogrammed version of D'anclaude, living with delusions of creating "Fourths". They learn that the Thirds were originally "assassinroids" - deadly robots with organic components, capable of infiltrating secure facilities by masquerading as humans. This project was re-purposed to bolster the low Martian birth rate, itself a result of Earth's strongly feminist society encouraging the immigration of males and discouraging the immigration of females. However, Earth's discovery of the Thirds incensed its leadership, forcing Mars to reverse its plans; Earth demanded that the Thirds be annihilated, offering female immigrants as a reward - and threatening war if not obeyed. The assassinroid program was thus re-activated to hunt and destroy the Thirds, which had vanished into the Martian population after their creation. These revelations shock and dismay Armitage, leading her to seek comfort in Ross, who affirms her value as a living being before consummating their relationship. The next day, after Asakura deactivates Armitage so he can install angelical wings and particle cannons on her chassis, the military kills Asakura and Armitage and Ross eventually finish off the military. Months later, Ross returns to Mars, using false IDs, however Armitage throws hers away after Ross Sylibus' arrival. Armitage tells Ross that she is pregnant with their child. It had been several years since the events of the previous OVA. Naomi Armitage and Ross Sylibus, now living under assumed identities, are living in St. Lowell on Mars, along with their daughter Yoko. Ross now works for a company seeking to restore oceans to Mars by using ice asteroids. However, a new effort to restore the Third project prompts Naomi to travel to Earth to figure out what is happening. Meanwhile, Ross saves a facility from a group of terrorists and is declared a Martian hero. When Armitage arrives on Earth, she confronts Colonel Strings, hero of the First Error, which was a suppression of a robot uprising, which in reality, was to cover up the existence of the Thirds. But then he is shot by agents of an Earth Robotronics Corporation. Its vice president, Demetrio Mardini, asks Armitage to give the data on how Thirds can conceive so humanity can create a race of beings who exist to serve. She refuses so he resorts to force and unleashes a robot that scrambles her eyes. She manages to use her telepresence abilities to hack into its system and overload it. She then escapes but is damaged and is found by a repairer third named Mouse, who prides himself on his skill and frequently brags that he's a "genius". However, Mouse is also an informant to Demetrio and presents the data he found on Armitage; but he only got the recent data and Demetrio wants the conception data. Mouse claims that he did not know about the conception data, and also that if it existed it would be with what he gave him; but Demetrio refuses to believe either of these and tries to brutally force it with two clones of Armitage, who severely injure Mouse. He does not get anything and throws Mouse in the trash. Mouse swears revenge. Back on Mars, prime minister Fredrick O'Hara sends Ross to Earth to represent the planet in the support of robot rights, promising amnesty from the charges against them. However, Demetrio's agents captured Yoko while Ross was away from the hotel, and is threatened that he will not see Yoko again if he votes for the Rights Bill. With a little reluctance, Ross remains neutral on the bill. Demetrio's agents, however, reveal that they were planning on killing Ross from the start, contrary to their deal. After a car chase, Armitage is able to save him at the very last moment. Together, they vow to rescue their daughter. They storm Demetrio's compound; Armitage deals with Demetrio while Ross saves Yoko. The same robot Armitage encountered earlier had been upgraded to withstand her telepresence attack. Meanwhile, Ross manages to locate Yoko in a freezer. Elsewhere, Demetrio demands the secret in exchange for forgetting the damages they committed against him and his company. Armitage lures him closer, presumably to tell him what he wants to know; but she ends up kicking him in the crotch and telling him that Third conception is not simply data, it is about true love. With that she escapes again, forcing Demetrio to unleash the clones on her. She manages to evade the two and meets up with Ross and Yoko. Yoko is overjoyed to see her mother but recoils when she sees Armitage's metal shoulder that was scraped off by the clones. Just then, they attack. While Armitage holds them off, Ross and Yoko make their way to an unused space elevator. It is here that Yoko shows that she has a photographic memory, leading them to the space elevator whose location she determined from a map she saw minutes beforehand (Ross comments that she is "quite the little genius"). Soon, Armitage flees to Mouse, who repairs the damage and gives her a program that will allow her to go beyond her limited fighting abilities. He tells her that the password is "Heaven's Door"; but that if she exceeds more than her internal battery can handle, she will "be knocking at the Pearly Gates for real". She also has him do her one more favor: broadcast the footage of the Third massacre attempts all over Earth and Mars (upon seeing it himself, Mouse comments, "I think it's inhuman, and I'm a robot!"). This compels Demetrio to command the clones to prevent the family from leaving. After both clones are beaten, Demetrio tries having the elevator's defenses fired on their shuttle only to be killed by the last remaining clone, who is at the time controlled by what was left of "Poly-Matrix"'s Julian Moore. Without Demetrio's authorization, the turrets do nothing. A hologram of Julian Moore then appears, wishing the family goodbye. The movie ends with the family enjoying a day at the beach on Mars, on Naomi's birthday. In a post-credits scene, Mouse salvages one of the Armitage clones for himself. In the text notes on the English DVD edition of "Poly-Matrix", Chiaki Konaka, the script writer, says that "Armitage III" was influenced by H.P. Lovecraft's story "The Dunwich Horror", one of Lovecraft's best known works and a key text in the Cthulhu Mythos; one of the main characters in the tale is a Dr. Armitage. "Armitage III" was originally released as a four-episode original video animation (OVA) in Japan between February 25, 1995, and November 25, 1995. Pioneer USA released an English-dubbed version of the OVA series in VHS & LaserDisc format in North America in four volumes, each containing a single episode, between March 29, 1995, and December 5, 1995. The Region 1 DVD from Geneon of "Poly-Matrix" was one of the few releases from the company to feature THX-certified audio and video, and it was digitally remixed and remastered for superior picture quality and optimum audio presentation. Helen McCarthy in "500 Essential Anime Movies" claims that the image quality of "Armitage III: Poly-Matrix" "isn't up to big screen standards, though it still holds well on home screens". She praises the design and scripts, while saying that the "basic plot is simply a retelling of Pinocchio - the toy that wants to be real, or, in science fiction terms, the robot yearning for love and acceptance as a person, not just a product". </doc> <doc id="2344157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344157" title="European Parliament Committee on Regional Development"> European Parliament Committee on Regional Development The Committee on Regional Development (REGI) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Iskra Mihaylova. The Committee is directly supported by a research service, the Policy Department for Structural & Cohesion Policies. Most of its research studies and briefings are published online. The publications do not necessarily reflect the view of the Committee. Recent publications (as of October 2018): Externalities of Cohesion Policy Future links between structural reforms and EU cohesion policy Conditionalities in Cohesion Policy Digital Agenda and Cohesion Policy The economic, social and territorial situation of Northern Ireland Control and simplification of procedures within European Structural and Investment Funds (ESIF) Economic, social and territorial situation of Slovenia State Aid and Cohesion Policy Implementation of Cohesion Policy in the 2014-2020 Programming Period – January 2018 UPDATE Public Private Partnerships and Cohesion Policy Cohesion policy and Paris Agreement Targets Indicators in Cohesion Policy Integrated use of ESI funds to address social challenges European Cohesion Policy and regional development policies in other parts of the world Lessons learnt from the Closure of the 2007-13 Programming Period Financial instruments for energy efficiency and renewable energy Gold-Plating in the European Structural and Investment Funds The economic, social and territorial situation of Romania – North-West Region </doc> <doc id="2344165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344165" title="Ellen Greene"> Ellen Greene Ellen Greene (born February 22, 1951) is an American singer and actress. Greene has had a long and varied career as a singer, particularly in cabaret, as an actress and singer in numerous stage productions, particularly musical theatre, as well as having performed in many films—notably "Little Shop of Horrors", and television series. From 2007 to 2009, she starred as Vivian Charles on the ABC series "Pushing Daisies". Greene was born in Brooklyn, New York. Her mother was a guidance counselor, and her father was a dentist. Greene is Jewish. She attended W. Tresper Clarke High School in Westbury, New York. She spent summers at Cejwin Camps in Port Jervis, New York, where she performed in musical theatre productions, including the role of Tzeitel in a 1966 production of "Fiddler on the Roof". She had a relationship with puppeteer Martin P. Robinson. Her first marriage was to Tibor Hardik. She married Christian Klikovits on September 25, 2003; they have since divorced. Greene's career began as a nightclub singer in clubs such as The Brothers and Sisters, Continental Baths, Grand Finale, and Reno Sweeney's. She received rave reviews from critics such as Rex Reed, George Bell, and John S. Wilson. Around this time, she befriended the late Peter Allen. Her first starring role on Broadway was as the lead in the unsuccessful Broadway show "Rachael Lily Rosenbloom (And Don't You Ever Forget It)", which had 7 previews in 1973 but closed before officially opening. She then played the starring role of Chrissy in Joseph Papp's production of "In the Boom Boom Room" at the Off-Broadway Public Theatre in November to December 1974. Her reviews brought her to the attention of Paul Mazursky, who was at that time casting "Next Stop, Greenwich Village" (1976). She was cast in the role of Sarah, her first starring role in a film. Continuing her work with Papp's New York Shakespeare Festival, Greene next played the role of Jenny in "The Three Penny Opera" (1976) at the Vivian Beaumont Theater in Lincoln Center, for which she was nominated for a 1977 Tony Award, Featured Actress In A Musical. In addition to a number of other productions with the New York Shakespeare Festival and numerous other companies, Greene formed a close working relationship with the WPA Theatre, where she met Howard Ashman and Alan Menken. Their close, long-lasting friendship led to, among other productions, the role for which she is perhaps most-widely known, that of the hapless Audrey in "Little Shop of Horrors" (1982), a role she reprised in the film version opposite Rick Moranis. Greene has worked extensively in theater, such as the part of Suzanne/The Little Rose in "The Little Prince and the Aviator" (1981). She has worked in films such as "I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can" (1982), "Léon", "Talk Radio" She has appeared on television in, among other programs, "Miami Vice", "The Adventures of Pete and Pete", "Cybill", "Law & Order", "Suddenly Susan", "The X-Files", and "Heroes". In 1983 she was the voice of Creeping Ivy in the animated TV special "The Magic of Herself the Elf". Greene released an album in 2004 entitled "In His Eyes", on which she was accompanied by her husband and musical director, Christian Klikovits. Other work includes the role of Vivian Charles on the television series "Pushing Daisies" (2007) and the voice of Dolly Gopher in the animated "Out of Jimmy's Head". Greene was the voice of the Priscilla Presley type of character Goldie in the Don Bluth film "Rock-a-Doodle" (1991). In July and August 2009, Greene starred as Miss Adelaide in a concert version of the musical "Guys and Dolls", which had a 3-day engagement at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles, California. Her co-stars included Scott Bakula as Nathan Detroit, Brian Stokes Mitchell as Sky Masterson, and Jessica Biel as Sarah Brown. In 2011, she appeared in five episodes on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless" as Primrose DeVille. Greene performed in the musical "Betwixt!" at the Trafalgar Studios in London's West End from July 26 to August 20, 2011. She appeared in two episodes of the new ABC Family show "Bunheads" (2012), alongside Sutton Foster and Kelly Bishop. She portrayed Doctor Gale Macones in "The Walking Dead Webisodes: The Oath" In 2015, she reprised her signature role as Audrey in "Little Shop of Horrors" in the staged concert at the New York City Center as part of their Encores! Off-Center Series. Greene performed in the 2016 Democratic National Convention's "Fight Song" video. Sources: Internet Off-Broadway Database; Playbill Vault </doc> <doc id="2344166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344166" title="Juli Loesch"> Juli Loesch Juli Loesch (akas: Julianne Wiley, Julie Loesch Wiley, Juli Loesch Wiley) is an American pro-life activist and former media coordinator for Operation Rescue in Atlanta, Georgia. Born in Erie, Pennsylvania in 1951, Loesch attended (see Antioch College, Yellow Springs, Ohio, where, as an anti-war advocate, she pursued an education in non-violent social change. Within 3 months she was in Delano, California working for Cesar Chavez of the United Farm Workers (UFW). She later worked in organizing grape and lettuce boycotts in Detroit and Cleveland in support of agricultural labor strikes in California. In 1972 Loesch became one of the founding members of the Pax (Peace) Center in Erie, Pennsylvania, joining Sr. Mary Lou Kownacki, OSB, in forming a Catholic feminist peace community. This group, comprising Benedictine Sisters and lay associates, was organized more or less on the "Catholic Worker" model, combining activism with the Works of Mercy (soup kitchen, homeless shelter work. etc.) The Pax Center, together with other Catholic antiwar activist groups, soon morphed into Pax Christi USA, the American affiliate of Pax Christi, an international Catholic peace movement. In the late 1970s, Loesch became an activist associated with the "Mobilization for Survival", a coalition which opposed nuclear weapons. She became convinced that abortion and the nuclear arms race were moral equivalents, and advocated partnership between the peace and pro-life movements. In 1979, she founded the "bridge" organization Prolifers for Survival, which operated until 1987. She has written extensively on these and related subjects. The larger Consistent Life Ethic movement grew partly out of her writing and activism. Her articles or essays (many searchable via "Juli Loesch" or "Juli Loesch Wiley") have appeared in, among other publications, the "New Oxford Review", the "National Catholic Reporter", the "National Catholic Register", "Consistent Life", "Commonweal", "Sojourners", "Caelum et Terra", and "Touchstone". Loesch is married to Donald Wiley, with whom she has two grown sons, and is a Contributing Editor to Women for Faith and Family's "Voices" </doc> <doc id="2344169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344169" title="European Parliament Committee on Industry, Research and Energy"> European Parliament Committee on Industry, Research and Energy The Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its areas of responsibility relate to industry, especially technology-intensive manufacturing, information technology, and telecommunications. It also coordinates European space policy and therefore has ties with the European Space Agency. It has oversight duties in relation to the Joint Research Centre and the Institute for Reference Materials and Measurements, as well as similar projects. The committee's current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Jerzy Buzek. One major area of activity for the committee is energy policy, safety, and efficiency. They monitor compliance with the Euratom Treaty around nuclear waste disposal. In the past, as well as the other three areas of responsibility which it still has, the ITRE committee also dealt with transport matters. European Union transport policy is now, however, covered by the Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism. As of March 2014 ITRE committee is the lead charge for regulations dealing with "European single market for electronic communications". The proposals were put forward by Neelie Kroes. A collective of NGOs considered this regulation could damage Net neutrality. </doc> <doc id="2344174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344174" title="Area 51: Site 4"> Area 51: Site 4 Area 51: Site 4 is a light gun arcade game developed by Atari Games in 1998. It is a sequel to the original "Area 51", picking up where that game left off. Though the graphics have been improved, they rely on the same FMV streaming technology as the original, and the gameplay remains largely the same as the original game. The game is broken down into two big menus: field exercise and adventure. Field Exercise is the main mode of the game. The training levels are based on brief missions where the player must complete all "training challenges" and the "real mission" (in either order). Completing all the training challenges will involve shooting zombies that are contained in the labs, shooting giant maggots trying to burrow into sick patients in an infirmary, protecting a bus from aliens trying to roll it over, and destroying alien ships, turrets, and missiles. In the final mission, the player must go into a huge warehouse to destroy a giant red alien with multiple limbs, shooting zombies and aliens. The player will lose a life if hit by an enemy, shooting a S.T.A.A.R. team member, failing to complete a quota or letting the bus tip over where the player must protect it. After the game is beaten, a short sequence of clips are played involving S.T.A.A.R. members, ending with the message, "S.T.A.A.R. Wants You!" similar to the real-world Uncle Sam army recruitment posters. The intro is only seen in attract mode as an intro loop. The end credits can only be seen after playing without putting initials. </doc> <doc id="2344177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344177" title="Santa Susana Field Laboratory"> Santa Susana Field Laboratory The Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a complex of industrial research and development facilities located on a portion of the Southern California Simi Hills in Simi Valley, California. It was used mainly for the development and testing of liquid-propellant rocket engines for the United States space program from 1949 to 2006, nuclear reactors from 1953 to 1980 and the operation of a U.S. government-sponsored liquid metals research center from 1966 to 1998. The site is located approximately northwest from the community of Canoga Park and approximately northwest of Downtown Los Angeles. Sage Ranch Park is adjacent on part of the northern boundary and the community of Bell Canyon along the entire southern boundary. Throughout the years, about ten low-power nuclear reactors operated at SSFL, in addition to several "critical facilities" that helped develop nuclear science and applications. At least four of the ten nuclear reactors had accidents during their operation. The reactors located on the grounds of SSFL were considered experimental, and therefore, had no containment structures. The site ceased research and development operations in 2006. The years of rocket testing, nuclear reactor testing, and liquid metal research have left the site "significantly contaminated". Environmental cleanup is ongoing. On March 30, 2018, a 7-year-old girl living in Simi Valley died of neuroblastoma, prompting public urging to thoroughly clean up the site. Since 1947 the Santa Susana Field Laboratory location has been used by a number of companies and agencies. The first was Rocketdyne, originally a division of North American Aviation-NAA, which developed a variety of pioneering, successful, and reliable liquid rocket engines. Some were those used in the Navaho cruise missile, the Redstone rocket, the Thor and Jupiter ballistic missiles, early versions of the Delta and Atlas rockets, the Saturn rocket family, and the Space Shuttle Main Engine. The Atomics International division of North American Aviation used a separate and dedicated portion of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory to build and operate the first commercial nuclear power plant in the United States, as well as for the testing and development of compact nuclear reactors, including the first and only known nuclear reactor launched into Low Earth Orbit by the United States, the SNAP-10A. Atomics International also operated the Energy Technology Engineering Center for the U.S. Department of Energy at the site. The Santa Susana Field Laboratory includes sites identified as historic by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and by the American Nuclear Society. In 1996, The Boeing Company became the primary owner and operator of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory and later closed the site. Three California state agencies and three federal agencies have been overseeing a detailed investigation of environmental impacts from historical site operations since at least 1990. Concerns about the environmental impact of past disposal practices have inspired at least two lawsuits seeking payment from Boeing and several interest groups are actively involved with steering the ongoing environmental investigation. The Santa Susana Field Laboratory is the focus of diverse interests. Burro Flats Painted Cave, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located within the Santa Susana Field Laboratory boundaries, on a portion of the site owned by the U.S. government. The drawings within the cave have been termed "the best preserved Indian pictograph in Southern California." Several tributary streams to the Los Angeles River have headwater watersheds on the SSFL property, including Bell Creek (90% of SSFL drainage), Dayton Creek, Woolsey Canyon, and Runkle Creek. SSFL was slated as a United States government facility dedicated to the development and testing of nuclear reactors, powerful rockets such as the Delta II, and the systems that powered the Apollo missions. The location of SSFL was chosen in 1947 for its remoteness in order to conduct work that was considered too dangerous and too noisy to be performed in more densely populated areas. In subsequent years, however, the Southern California population grew, along with housing developments surrounding "The Hill". Today, more than 150,000 people live within of the facility, and at least half a million people live within . The site is divided into four production and two buffer areas, (Area I, II, III, and IV, and the northern and southern buffer zones). Areas I through III were used for rocket testing, missile testing, and munitions development. Area IV was used primarily for nuclear reactor experimentation and development. Laser research for the Strategic Defense Initiative (popularly known as "Star Wars"), also was conducted in Area IV. The 2018 Woolsey Fire begun near the Santa Susana Field Laboratory site. North American Aviation (NAA) began its development of liquid propellant rocket engines after the end of WWII. The Rocketdyne division of NAA, which came into being under its own name in the mid-1950s, designed and tested several rocket engines at the facility. They included engines for the Army's Redstone (an advanced short-range version of the German V-2), and the Army Jupiter intermediate range ballistic missile (IRBM) as well as the Air Force's counterpart IRBM, the Thor. Also included among those developed there, were engines for the Atlas Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM), as well as the twin combustion chamber alcohol/liquid oxygen booster engine for the Navaho, a large, intercontinental cruise missile that never became operational. Later, Rocketdyne designed and tested the J-2 liquid oxygen/hydrogen engine which was used on the second and third stages of the Project Apollo spacecraft. While the J-2 was tested at the facility, Rocketdyne's huge F-1 engine for the first stage of Apollo was tested in the Mojave desert near Edwards Air Force Base. This was due to safety and noise considerations, since SSFL was too close to populated areas. The Atomics International Division of North American Aviation used SSFL Area IV as the site of United States first commercial nuclear power plant and the testing and development of the SNAP-10A, the first nuclear reactor launched into outer space by the United States. Atomics International also operated the Energy Technology Engineering Center at the site for the U.S. government. As overall interest in nuclear power declined, Atomics International made a transition to non-nuclear energy-related projects, such as coal gasification, and gradually, ceased designing and testing nuclear reactors. Atomics International eventually was merged with the Rocketdyne division in 1978. The Sodium Reactor Experiment-SRE was an experimental nuclear reactor that operated at the site from 1957 to 1964 and was the first commercial power plant in the world to experience a core meltdown. There was a decades-long cover-up of the incident by the U.S. Department of Energy. The operation predated environmental regulation, so early disposal techniques are not recorded in detail. Thousands of pounds of sodium coolant from the time of the meltdown are not yet accounted for. The reactor and support systems were removed in 1981 and the building torn down in 1999. The 1959 sodium reactor incident was chronicled on History Channel's program Engineering Disasters 19. The Energy Technology Engineering Center-ETEC, was a government-owned, contractor-operated complex of industrial facilities located within Area IV of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory. The ETEC specialized in non-nuclear testing of components which were designed to transfer heat from a nuclear reactor using liquid metals instead of water or gas. The center operated from 1966 to 1998. The ETEC site has been closed and is now undergoing building removal and environmental remediation by the U.S. Department of Energy. Throughout the years, approximately ten low-power nuclear reactors operated at SSFL, in addition to several "critical facilities": a sodium burn pit in which sodium-coated objects were burned in an open pit; a plutonium fuel fabrication facility; a uranium carbide fuel fabrication facility; and the purportedly largest "Hot Lab" facility in the United States at the time. (A Hot Lab is a facility used for remotely cutting up irradiated nuclear fuel.) Irradiated nuclear fuel from other Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) and Department of Energy (DOE) facilities from around the country were shipped to SSFL to be decladded and examined. The Hot Lab suffered a number of fires involving radioactive materials. For example, in 1957, a fire in the Hot Cell "got out of control and ... massive contamination" resulted. At least four of the ten nuclear reactors suffered accidents: 1) The AE6 reactor experienced a release of fission gases in March 1959. 2) In July 1959, the SRE experienced a power excursion and partial meltdown that released 28 Curies of radioactive noble gasses. The release resulted on the maximum off site exposure of 0.099 millirem and an exposure of 0.018 millirem for the nearest residential building which is well within current limits today. 3) In 1964, the SNAP8ER experienced damage to 80% of its fuel. 4) Finally, in 1969 the SNAP8DR experienced similar damage to one-third of its fuel. A radioactive fire occurred in 1971, involving combustible primary reactor coolant (NaK) contaminated with mixed fission products. The reactors located on the grounds of SSFL were considered experimental, and therefore had no containment structures. Reactors and highly radioactive components were housed without the large concrete domes that surround modern power reactors. The sodium burn pit, an open-air pit for cleaning sodium-contaminated components, was also contaminated by the burning of radioactively and chemically contaminated items in it, in contravention of safety requirements. In an article in the "Ventura County Star", James Palmer, a former SSFL worker was interviewed. The article notes that "of the 27 men on Palmer's crew, 22 died of cancers." On some nights Palmer returned home from work and kissed "his wife [hello], only to burn her lips with the chemicals he had breathed at work." The report also noted that "During their breaks, Palmer's crew would fish in one of three ponds ... The men would use a solution that was 90 percent hydrogen peroxide to neutralize the contamination. Sometimes, the water was so polluted it bubbled. The fish died off." Palmer's interview ended on a somber note: "They had seven wells up there, water wells, and every damn one of them was contaminated," Palmer said, "It was a horror story." Other spills and releases occurred over the decades of operation as well. In 1989, a DOE investigation found widespread chemical and radioactive contamination on the property. Widely publicized in the local press, the revelations led to substantial concern among community members and elected officials, resulting in a challenge to and subsequent shutdown of continued nuclear activity at the site, and the filing of lawsuits. Cleanup commenced, and the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was brought in at the request of local legislators to provide oversight. On December 11, 2002, a top Department of Energy (DOE) official, Mike Lopez, described typical clean-up procedures executed by Field Lab employees in the past. Workers would dispose of barrels filled with highly toxic waste by shooting the barrels with rifles so that they would explode and release their contents into the air. It is unclear when this process ended, but for certain did end prior to the 1990s. On July 26, 1994, two scientists, Otto K. Heiney, 52, of Canoga Park and Larry A. Pugh, 51, of Thousand Oaks, were killed when the chemicals they were illegally burning in open pits exploded. After a grand jury investigation and FBI raid on the facility, three Rocketdyne officials pleaded guilty in June 2004 to illegally storing explosive materials. The jury deadlocked on the more serious charges related to illegal burning of hazardous waste. At trial, a retired Rocketdyne mechanic testified as to what he witnessed at the time of the explosion: "I assumed we were burning waste," Lee Wells testified, comparing the process used on July 21 and 26, 1994, to that once used to legally dispose of leftover chemicals at the company's old burn pit. As Heiney poured the chemicals for what would have been the third burn of the day, the blast occurred, Wells said. "[The background noise] was so loud I didn't hear anything ... I felt the blast and I looked down and my shirt was coming apart." When he realized what had occurred, Wells said, "I felt to see if I was all there ... I knew I was burned but I didn't know how bad." Wells suffered second- and third-degree burns to his face, arms and stomach. In 2005, wildfires swept through northern Los Angeles County and parts of Ventura County. The fires consumed most of the dry brush throughout the Simi Hills where SSFL is located. The facility received substantial fire damage. Since the fire, allegations have emerged that vast quantities of on-site contamination were released into the air. Most recently, Los Angeles County firefighters who were assigned to SSFL during the fire have been sent for medical testing to see if any harmful doses were ingested or inhaled while protecting the facility. While community members and firefighters have expressed concern about the amount of exposure, Boeing officials stand by their position that no contamination of the air resulted from the fire, and that any contamination that may have been consumed by the fire was negligible. California Department of Toxic Substances Control also claims that no significant contamination occurred as a result of the fire. Although the Field Lab is under current criticism for violating almost 50 discharge permits, state agencies have been silent on the issue. Recently, lawyers disclosed to the California State Water Resources Control Board that over 80 exceedances of Boeing's discharge permits were found in the preceding year alone. In January 2006, the State Water Resources Control Board finally stepped in, and refused some requests by Boeing for even lighter standards. On Thursday November 8, 2018, the Woolsey wildfire scorched portions of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory (SSFL), also known as "Rocketdyne", causing the Southern California Edison's Chatsworth electical substation to trip offline at 2:22 pm. However, the Woolsey Fire is reported to have began at 3:30 pm on November 8, 2018, at Rocketdyne in Simi Valley. Although NBC News reported that the Los Angeles County Public Health stated that no contamination was spread and that the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, which is overseeing cleanup of the site, also said that "previously handled radioactive and hazardous materials were not affected by the fire," Dr. Bob Dodge, President of Physicians for Social Responsibility-Los Angeles, said, “The Woolsey Fire likely released and spread radiological and chemical contamination that was in SSFL’s soil and vegetation via smoke and ash. All wildfire smoke can be hazardous to health, but if SSFL had been cleaned up long ago as DTSC promised, we’d at least not have to worry about exposure to dangerous radionuclides and chemicals as well.” He added, "When it burns and becomes airborne in smoke and ash, there is real possibility of heightened exposure for area residents." Also in October 2005, plaintiff Margaret-Ann Galasso, in a suit against Boeing, criticized her attorneys, who, as she claimed, accepted a $30 million settlement with Boeing without her approval. The attorneys stand to collect $18 million, or 60% of the settlement amount after their costs and fees are subtracted. The plaintiff who disclosed the allegedly tainted deal, is splitting the rest of the settlement with other plaintiffs and will only receive around $30,000, insufficient for the amount she will need for extensive future medical treatments for diseases that were linked to contamination from the SSFL facility. In October 2006, the Santa Susana Field Laboratory Advisory Panel, made up of independent scientists and researchers from around the United States, concluded that based on available data and computer models, contamination at the facility resulted in an estimated 260 cancer related deaths. The report also concluded that the SRE meltdown caused the release of more than 458 times the amount of radioactivity released by the Three Mile Island accident. While the nuclear core of the SRE released 10 times less radiation than the TMI incident, the lack of proper containment such as concrete structures caused this radiation to be released into the surrounding environment. The radiation released by the core of the TMI was largely contained. According to studies conducted by Hal Morgenstern between 1988 and 2002, residents living within 2 miles of the laboratory are 60% more likely to be diagnosed with certain cancers compared to residents living 5 miles from the laboratory. This 2-mile region includes small sections of far southeastern Simi Valley and most of Bell Canyon. Part of Chatsworth and Canoga Park, as well as most of West Hills and Simi Valley are within 5 miles of the laboratory. During its years of operation widespread use occurred of highly toxic chemical additives to power over 30,000 rocket engine tests and to clean the rocket test-stands afterwards, as well as considerable nuclear research and at least four nuclear accidents, which has resulted in the SSFL becoming a seriously contaminated site and offsite pollution source requiring a sophisticated multi-agency and corporate Cleanup Project. An ongoing process to determine the site contamination levels and locations, cleanup standards to meet, methods to use, costs, timelines and completion requirements – are still being debated, and litigated. In 1989, the DOE found widespread chemical and radioactive contamination at their site, and a cleanup program commenced. In 1995 EPA and DOE announced that they had entered into a joint policy agreement to assure that all DOE sites would be cleaned up to standards consistent with the EPA's Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) standards. However, in March 2003, the DOE reversed its position and announced that SSFL would not be cleaned up to EPA standards. While the DOE simultaneously claimed compliance with the 1995 joint policy agreement, the new plan included a cleanup of only 1% of the contaminated soil, and the release of SSFL for unrestricted residential use in as little as ten years. The EPA responded to this announcement by claiming that the DOE was not subject to EPA regulation due to the fact that the DOE existed as a separate entity under the executive branch of the federal government, and refused to take steps to force DOE adherence to the 1995 agreement. In August 2003, the Senate Appropriations Committee issued a report on Energy and Water Appropriations, urging the DOE to meet its commitments in the 1995 agreement and clean up SSFL to the EPA's CERCLA standards. The DOE responded to the Senate, claiming it was in fact consistent with both the agreement and EPA's CERCLA standards. In December 2003, soon after DOE's announcement that it was consistent with the 1995 agreement, EPA determined that the cleanup was not consistent with its CERCLA standards, and that sufficient contamination would remain at levels that would be dangerously inappropriate for unrestricted residential, and that the only safe use under DOE's revised cleanup standards would be restricted day hikes with limitations on picnicking. Critics point out that if the DOE-Boeing cleanup plan was followed through and the site was released for unrestricted residential use, the property would likely become a Superfund site subject to EPA standards. After the sale, the site would no longer be a DOE facility, and thus, the exemption from CERCLA standards would no longer be in effect. The end result being that the site would only be brought into compliance with CERCLA cleanup standards after Boeing has sold the property, relieving the company of any burden of cleanup costs. The costs would likely be passed on to taxpayers, and not those responsible for the actual contamination. In early May 2007, a Federal Court in San Francisco issued a major ruling which concluded that DOE has not been cleaning up the site to proper standards, and that the site would have to be cleaned up to higher standards if DOE ever wanted to release the site to Boeing, which in turn, would most likely release the land for unrestricted residential development. Judge "Conti's ruling requires DOE to prepare a more stringent review of the lab, which is on the border of Los Angeles County. Conti wrote that the department's decision to prepare a less-stringent environmental document prior to cleanup is in violation of the National Environmental Policy Act and noted that the lab 'is located only miles away from one of the largest population centers in the world.'" On July 26, 2007, staff at the Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board recommended a $471,190 fine against Boeing for 79 violations of the California Water Code during an 18-month period. From October 2004 to January 2006, wastewater and storm water runoff coming from the lab had increased levels of chromium, dioxin, lead, mercury and other pollutants, the board said. The contaminated water flowed into Bell Creek and the Los Angeles River in violation of a July 1, 2004, permit that allowed release of wastewater and storm water runoff as long as it didn't contain high levels of pollutants. On October 15, 2007, Boeing announced that "In a landmark agreement between Boeing and California officials, nearly of land that is currently Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory will become state parkland. According to the plan jointly announced by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Boeing, and state Sen. Sheila Kuehl, the property will be donated and preserved as a vital undeveloped open-space link in the Simi Hills, above the Simi Valley and the San Fernando Valley. The agreement will permanently restrict the land for nonresidential, noncommercial use." The California state senate bill SB 990, passed into law in 2007, set the standards for the site's cleanup. To achieve them, the R.P.s (responsible parties) consisting of Boeing, DOE, and NASA, need to sign agreements of acceptance and cleanup compliance. Boeing has contested the law, filing a lawsuit in September 2009 to release it from compliance, with a court date set for summer 2011. Boeing won the suit and claims it will clean up the site, although to levels far below those outlined in SB 990. In September 2010 DOE and NASA agreed to meet the stringent cleanup standards set for the site in the state's SB 990 legislation, and to cover all costs for their cleanup's implementation. This agreement is significant progress in the SSFL cleanup sequence. In 2014, NASA issued a final environmental impact statement containing mitigation measures that would demolish all structures and remediate soil and groundwater contamination. NASA issued a report highlighting cleanup technology feasibility studies, soil and groundwater fieldwork, and additional archaeology surveys that would be performed in preparation for the demolition of the structures. Demolition of the abandoned buildings, including a cafeteria, laboratory and offices for engineers and draftsmen built in the 1950s and 1960s, was scheduled to start in January or February 2015 after abatement of asbestos, lead paint and other regulated materials. The test stands will follow and are the most complex to tear down but all demolition should be completed in 2016. Because of their historical significance, one test stand and one control building will remain if the cleanup goals can still be met. The cleanup is projected to be completed in 2017. The CA-DTSC: SSFL Project, the lead regulatory agency for the site cleanup, is forming a new [Sept. 2010] PPG – Public Participation Group, in response to their community 'Listening Sessions' held earlier in the year and the proposed Listening Session Response Plan. Applications from all the 'stakeholder' I.P.s – interested parties: the public, community groups, neighbors, local environmental and cultural groups, and others are being accepted currently [Sept. 2010]. Every quarter the SSFL Workgroup meetings regarding the cleanup are held that are open for public attendance. The SSFL Workgroup is the current version of the Santa Susana Advisory Panel. The workgroup consists of representatives from the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the U.S. EPA., public policy organizations, and community representatives. The Boeing Company, current owner of the SSFL site, the DOE are also invited. Other organizations and private companies also attend as part of the workgroup depending on the topic pending. The meetings are usually held at The Simi Valley Cultural Arts Center, and are posted on the DTSC-SSFL Calendar page of their website. A petition to form a "CAG" or community advisory group was denied in March 2010 by DTSC . In 2012, the current CAG's petition was approved, and their website is at ssflcag.net. The SSFL CAG recommends that all responsible parties execute a risk-based cleanup to EPA’s suburban residential standard that will minimize excavation, soil removal and backfill and thus reduce danger to public health and functions of surrounding communities. However, SSFL Panel believes the CAG has a conflict of interest, as it is funded in large part by a grant from the U.S. Department of Energy, and three of its members are former employees of Boeing or its parent company, North American Aviation. The CAG tried to keep the source of its funding, over $34,000, anonymous. The Los Angeles chapter of the Physicians for Social Responsibility has been working with the SSFL Work Group and Rocketdyne Cleanup Coalition. PSR expressed concern over conflict of interest involving Boeing, CAG, DTSC and others related to the cleanup that were revealed in a 55-page report, "Inside Job – How Boeing Fixers Captured Regulators and Derailed a Nuclear and Chemical Cleanup in LA's Backyard", published in 2014 by Consumer Watchdog. </doc> <doc id="2344178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344178" title="European Parliament Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development"> European Parliament Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development (AGRI) is a committee of the European Parliament. AGRI is the European Parliament committee responsible for: The Committee is directly supported by a research service, the Policy Department for Structural & Cohesion Policies. Most of its research studies and briefings are published online. The research reports do not necessarily reflect the view of the Committee. Recent publications (as of September 2018): Towards the Common Agricultural Policy beyond 2020: comparing the reform package with the current regulations The revival of wolves and other large predators and its impact on farmers and their livelihood in rural regions of Europe Agricultural trade: assessing reciprocity of standards Urban and Peri-urban Agriculture in the EU Towards the CAP post 2020 – Appraisal of the EC Communication on ‘The Future of Food and Farming’ of 29 November 2017 Implications of ‘Brexit’ for the EU agri-food sector and the CAP: budgetary, trade and institutional issues EU – UK agricultural trade: state of play and possible impacts of Brexit Possible transitional arrangements related to agriculture in the light of the future EU – UK relationship: institutional issues Young farmers – Policy implementation after the 2013 CAP reform The Consequences of Climate Change for EU Agriculture: Follow-Up to the COP21 UN Paris Climate Change Conference The EU Cattle Sector: Challenges and Opportunities – Milk and Meat Policy support for productivity vs.sustainability in EU agriculture: Towards viable farming and green growth CAP implementation: Flexibility given to Member States – state of play and perspectives Preserving agricultural soils in the EU The service also publishes a regular current awareness bulletin on research, documents and news in the fields of agriculture and rural development, titled 'Research for AGRI : News'. Recent editions can be found here on the 'Research for AGRI Committee' site. </doc> <doc id="2344182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344182" title="Wan-Hoo (crater)"> Wan-Hoo (crater) Wan-Hoo is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side, and it cannot be seen directly from the Earth. It lies to the southwest of the huge walled plain Hertzsprung, within the outer skirt of ejecta. Just to the south-southwest of Wan-Hoo is the larger crater Paschen, and a little over two crater diameters to the northwest is Sechenov. Like much of the surrounding terrain, this crater has been modified by the ejecta from Hertzsprung, and material from that impact encroaches along the inner walls and interior of Wan-Hoo. Attached to the east-southeastern outer rim is a large satellite crater, Evans Q, belonging to Evans farther to the east. There is also a small, relatively fresh crater attached to the southeast, and a small, cup-shaped craterlet along the western rim. This feature was named after Wan Hu, a legendary Chinese figure who is alleged to be the first astronaut. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Wan-Hoo. </doc> <doc id="2344186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344186" title="European Parliament Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs"> European Parliament Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs (ECON) is a committee of the European Parliament. Since Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), the most important function of this committee has been in relation to the European Central Bank (ECB). Although guaranteed independence under the Treaty, the ECB is accountable for its actions to ECON. Every three months, the President of the ECB, or occasionally his deputy, appears before the Committee to report on monetary policy; both actions taken, and future prospects. He then answers question from MEPs. These proceedings are televised; a verbatim report appears immediately on both the Parliament and ECN websites. </doc> <doc id="2344190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344190" title="Emily Rose"> Emily Rose Emily Rose may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344193" title="Mac Wiseman"> Mac Wiseman Malcolm B. Wiseman (born May 23, 1925), known professionally as Mac Wiseman, is an American bluegrass singer. Born in Crimora, Virginia, he attended school in New Hope Virginia and graduated from high school there in 1943. He studied at the Shenandoah Conservatory in Dayton, Virginia—before it moved to Winchester, Virginia in 1960—and started his career as a disc jockey at WSVA-AM in Harrisonburg, Virginia. His musical career began as upright bass player in the band of country singer Molly O'Day. When Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs left Bill Monroe's band, Wiseman became the guitarist for their new band, the Foggy Mountain Boys. Later he played with Bill Monroe's Bluegrass Boys. After a performance on "Louisiana Hayride" he became popular as solo artist. In the 1950s, he was the star of The Old Dominion Barn Dance on WRVA in Richmond, Va. During the folk revival in the 1960s, Wiseman had successful concerts at the Hollywood Bowl and Carnegie Hall. He joined producers Randall Franks and Alan Autry for the "In the Heat of the Night" cast CD "Christmas Time’s A Comin’" released on Sonlite and MGM/UA for one of the most popular Christmas releases of 1991 and 1992 with Southern retailers. In 2014, he released an album of songs inspired by his mother's handwritten notebooks of songs she heard on the radio when Mac was a child: "Songs From My Mother's Hand". In 1993 he was inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor. His substantial girth and light tenor voice gave rise to the quip that "Mac Wiseman sings like Gene Vincent looks, and looks like Ernest Tubb sings". Wiseman is a recipient of a 2008 National Heritage Fellowship awarded by the National Endowment for the Arts, which is the United States' highest honor in the folk and traditional arts. In 2014 he was the inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. </doc> <doc id="2344206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344206" title="Susan Brown (minister)"> Susan Brown (minister) Susan M. Brown (born 12 December 1958) is a Scottish Presbyterian minister. She is the minister at Dornoch Cathedral and Honorary Chaplain to the Queen in Scotland. She was the first woman to take charge of a cathedral in the United Kingdom. She has officiated at the weddings of Madonna and Guy Ritchie, and of Ashley Judd and Dario Franchitti. She was previously minister at Killearnan Church, near Muir of Ord in Ross-Shire. On 9 October 2017, it was announced that she had been nominated as the next Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. She took up the position in May 2018. </doc> <doc id="2344208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344208" title="Weber (crater)"> Weber (crater) Weber is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon, and it cannot be viewed directly from the Earth's surface. This crater is attached to the northwest outer rim of the larger crater Sarton. About two crater diameters to the northwest is the eroded Kramers. This bowl-shaped crater has a nearly circular outer rim that remains well-defined and is only marginally damaged by subsequent impacts. One of these is a small, cup-shaped craterlet along the northwest rim. The common rim shared with Sarton is somewhat more irregular, with a pair of small craterlets at each end of the join. There is also a cluster of tiny craterlets on the exterior located to the south-southwest of Weber. The inner wall of Weber retains some structure, but the features have become softened and rounded. There are shelf-like sections along the south-southeast and the northwestern inner walls. The interior floor is nearly level and featureless, being marked only by a tiny craterlet in the southeast quadrant. Weber lies within the Coulomb-Sarton Basin, a 530 km wide impact crater of Pre-Nectarian age. </doc> <doc id="2344211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344211" title="Guía de Isora"> Guía de Isora Guía de Isora is a municipality in the western part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. The population is 20,537 (2013), and the area is 143 km. The town Guía de Isora is 5 km from the coast, 16 km northwest of Arona and 60 km southwest of the island's capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife. </doc> <doc id="2344217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344217" title="Admiral of France"> Admiral of France Admiral of France () is a French title of honour. It is the naval equivalent of Marshal of France and was one of the Great Officers of the Crown of France. The title was created in 1270 by Louis IX of France, during the Eighth Crusade. At the time, it was equivalent to the office of Constable of France. The Admiral was responsible for defending the coasts of Picardy, Normandy, Aunis, and Saintonge. In times of war, it was his responsibility to assemble French merchant ships into a navy. He had to arm, equip, and supply the ships for the course of the war, and give letters of marque to corsairs. In peacetime, he was responsible for the maintenance of the royal fleet (when one existed). He was also responsible for maritime commerce and the merchant fleet. During the modern era, few admirals were sailors — moreover, with the exception of Claude d'Annebault, none of them actually commanded the fleet. It must be said that the actual power of the admiral was rather small, partly because of the creation of other admirals (the Admiral of the Levant for Provence, the Admiral of Brittany, and the Admiral of the West for Guyenne), and because of the creation of the General of the Galleys and the Secretary of State for the Navy. The title, like the title of Constable, had much more political importance (which would eventually lead to the suppression of both titles). It was also a lucrative position: the admiral was allocated a part of the fines and confiscations imposed by the admiralty, and he had a right to unclaimed ships and shipwrecks as well as a tenth of the spoils taken in battle. He also had juridical rights, comparable to those exercised by the constable and the marshal. This was known as the "Table de marbre", after the seat of the admiralty in Paris. A second headquarters of the admiralty was established at Rouen, and about 50 other headquarters were set up at various other places around the coast of France. These tribunals judged cases dealing with fishing disputes and any crimes committed in the country's ports. The Admiralty was suppressed in 1627 by Cardinal Richelieu, who had been named to the newly created post of Grand Master of Navigation and who wanted to bring all naval authority under one position. The position was recreated in 1669, but was now only an honorific title. The first new admiral was Louis, Count of Vermandois, who at the time was only 2 years old. Thereafter, only Louis Alexandre, Count of Toulouse involved himself in maritime affairs. It was suppressed once more in 1791, restored in 1805 in the person of Marshal of France Joachim Murat. Currently, the most recent Admiral of France was François Thomas Tréhouart, in 1869. This dignity remains fully valid today as a 2005 law article recalls: "The title of Marshal of France and that of Admiral of France, is a dignity in the state." Period of grand masters of navigation : Restoration of title Admiral of France Henry VI of England appointed two English aristocrats during the ministrations of Louis de Culant and André de Laval-Montmorency. Accordingly, they were not recognized by the Kingdom of France. </doc> <doc id="2344220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344220" title="Arenal, Yoro"> Arenal, Yoro Arenal is a municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. </doc> <doc id="2344221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344221" title="Weyl (crater)"> Weyl (crater) Weyl is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon, behind the western limb as seen from the Earth. It lies to the east-southeast of the larger crater Fersman. To the southeast is Kamerlingh Onnes, and to the northeast is Shternberg. This is a heavily eroded crater with a damaged outer rim. There are multiple craters along the rim and within the interior, including a pair of small craters in the western half. Most of Weyl is overlain by a portion of the ray system from the crater Ohm to the east-southeast of Shternberg. </doc> <doc id="2344222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344222" title="El Negrito"> El Negrito El Negrito () is a municipality in the department of Yoro, Honduras. El Negrito has a total of 29 villages: </doc> <doc id="2344224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344224" title="Jocón"> Jocón Jocón is a municipality in the department of Yoro, Honduras. </doc> <doc id="2344226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344226" title="Morazán, Yoro"> Morazán, Yoro Morazán () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. This political division of 42,171 people is in the north, located between the city of Yoro and the municipality of El Negrito, north of the Nico Pijol National Park. The town scores low on development indices within Honduras. Like many towns of the Spanish Empire Morazan was laid out in a grid, with a central plaza. Historical data [edit] It is known that in ancient times, people in the current header lived in a place that is far from it three kilometers away and called Toledo, soon the inhabitants of this moved to where the population is and gave it the name Cataguana and contained in the 1801 population count, as part of the Prefectures of Yoro and in the 1887 census and appears as municipio. The municipality is bordered on the north by the town of Tela, on the south by the city of Victoria, east to the town of Yoro and west by the municipality of El Negrito. The municipality has the following 25 villages: Morazan, Agua Blanca, Buena Vista, Candelaria, Charity, Cuyamapa, Chililenga, El Porvenir Reef, Teabag, La Cruz, La Estancia, Lempira, Los Prietos or San Martin, Mango Seco, Mojimán, Nombre de Dios, New Hope, New Florida, Ocote Paulino, Paya, Portillo Gonzalez Rompidos Guayma or lilies, or Palmar San Antonio, San Juan and San Rafael Camalote of Aguacatales. and to forge and the largest lagoon Instituto Polivalente Francisco Morazan </doc> <doc id="2344227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344227" title="Olanchito"> Olanchito Olanchito is a town and municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. The municipality was founded in 1530 and today comprises 70 villages, over 300 hamlets, and around 100,000 inhabitants. It is North-East of Tegucigalpa, the country's capital. The local timezone is named "America / Tegucigalpa" with an UTC offset of -6 hours. The city is the birthplace of many exponents of Honduran literature, such as Ramón Amaya Amador. Olanchito has his manuscripts, his collection of books, the table at which he wrote, and even his ashes. Known locally as the Civic City, Olanchito's main industry is based around agriculture. The conquest of Honduras began with the arrival of several expeditions sent by Hernán Cortés to extend the domain of Spain in Central America. In 1525 he seized the town of Trujillo, which would become an important Atlantic port and the first capital of Honduras. Truxillo served as an outpost for the colonisation of the hostile territory of Olancho Valley. Hernando de Saavedra, Governor of Honduras, had a dispute with his counterpart in Nicaragua, Pedrarias Davila, on the rich gold deposits and rivers of Olancho. After several battles between rival groups of Spanish for control of the area, the town of San Jorge de Olancho was established. But because of the mistreatment of the natives of Olancho, they unexpectedly rebelled and attacked the place, destroying it completely. In this rebellion, Captain Juan de Grijalva, one of the conquerors of the Aztec empire, was killed. The survivors were scattered, some to the town of Border of Caceres, in 1526, and others to the Valley of Aguan. With the death of Diego de Salcedo, Governor of Honduras in 1530, the province was in chaos. But the important issue of extending the settlement and continuing the conquest of people who were not yet subjugated continued. Stories differ as to who actually founded the settlement that became Olanchito, and are somewhat confusing. According to the statistical yearbook of Antonio Vallejo, this town was founded by Captain Diego de Alvarado in 1530, with the name of San Jorge de Olanchito." The Guatemalan historian José Mata Gavidia explains: "With these and other graces came to Guatemala D. Pedro de Alvarado, for the year April 30. bringing people of Mexico, and some that found here in Nicaragua, Diego de Alvarado sent brother Jorge to found the city, called Olanchito, in the province of Honduras." It follows that the town of "San Jorge de Olanchito" was founded in 1530, located on the right bank of the Aguán river. Its first inhabitants were the few survivors of San Jorge de Olancho and others sent by Pedro de Alvarado, becoming a stage of El Camino Real, which led from Truxillo to Olancho. Ten years later (1540) the Governor Francisco de Montejo, was ordered to continue the colonisation of Olancho and sent his officer Alonzo Caceres, who established a settlement with the same last name: ""San Jorge de Olancho" (The Viejo)". Years later Alonzo de Reinoso founded the village of ""New Salamanca"", which was rapidly depopulated due to continuing native rebellions. Olancho as a mining town was flourishing, producing huge amounts of gold and silver that was shipped from the port of Truxillo and Puerto Caballos. San Jorge de Olancho later became known as El Boqueron, and in 1611 was completely destroyed. Historians attribute it to a volcanic eruption, or an earthquake, and some legends to divine causes, such as Biblical case of Sodom and Gomorrah. The survivors of this catastrophe, migrated in several directions as their ancestors had done a century earlier. Some founded the city of "Juticalpa" and others headed to San Jorge de Olanchito and Truxillo. Over the years, some people moved to the left bank of Aguán river, and on the route leading to the native village of "Agalteca", established a place they called ""San Jorge de Olancho" (The New"). With the move all of the residents of the town to the new place, it took its name ""San Jorge de Olanchito"", and the old site was known then as ""Old City"" or ""San Juan El Sevillano"". It is unknown the exact date of the foundation of the present city of Olanchito but this may have occurred between 1613–1620. The settlers were colonising the upper valley, and the road leading to Yoro, sites were established ""Santa Barbara"" in 1657, by Captain Pedro de Aliendo and Subiñas and ""Santa Cruz"" in 1682 by Don John of the Cross. In a report presented by Ing Luis Diez Navarro (1742–1745), to the King of Spain says: "The capital is that city of "Comayagua", and has four cities named "Gracias a Dios", that is the West, "San Pedro Sula" at northeast, "San Jorge Olanchito" at Levante [East] ... Forward the Partido of San Jorge Olanchito is "Sonaguera", and Port of Truxillo distant twenty leagues" Another document concerning the invasion of the English: says: "In 1747, the British themselves with Miskito natives until Sonaguera village, where they committed great crimes and would have done more damage but for the energetic attitude of Governor Tablada. So says the latter adds that those foreigners who spared no means to intimidate Olanchito and Olancho El Viejo." In 1797 there was still a war between Spain and England: "In part this Captaincy General directed by the Lord Mayor Governor of the Province of Comayagua, Ramon Anguiano, from Olanchito in early this month have reported the following ads: On April 26 before five in the afternoon the British had place, two warships and a brigantine at the Voca of Truxillo Port given these and other provisions they go to the place known as The Ofrecedora, which contributed effectively to the back the Governor Intendant, as expressed through a cordon of Olanchito troops who had settled in contours Sonaguera." In the late eighteenth century, due to this situation, the archive and the treasury of Real Hacienda de Truxillo was forwarded to town of Olanchito. Today the city of Olanchito is the second most important city in the department of Yoro thanks to its growing achievements in education, industry, livestock and agriculture. The economic development of the city was influenced by the presence of the Standard Fruit Company, an American company which settled in the Aguan Valley in 1899. They played a significant role in the government of Honduras and in local development issues. Its practices are Global G.A.P certified. The local football club, Social Sol, play in the Honduran second division. They play their home games at the Estadio San Jorge. </doc> <doc id="2344228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344228" title="Santa Rita, Yoro"> Santa Rita, Yoro Santa Rita is a municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. The Humuya River passes through it. It had a population of 12 869 in 2004. In 1684, it was a hamlet called Benque La Laguneta. It later became the village of Santa Rita El Negrito. The place was established as a town in 1959 with part of the municipality of El Negrito. </doc> <doc id="2344229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344229" title="Sulaco, Yoro"> Sulaco, Yoro Sulaco is a municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. </doc> <doc id="2344230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344230" title="Crime Wave"> Crime Wave Crime Wave may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344231" title="Lincoln Journal Star"> Lincoln Journal Star The Lincoln Journal Star is a daily newspaper that serves Lincoln, Nebraska. It is the most widely read newspaper in Lincoln and the second-largest in Nebraska (after the "Omaha World-Herald"). The paper also operates a commercial printing unit. The Lincoln Journal Star is the result of a merger between Lincoln's two historic newspapers. The Lincoln Star, established in 1905, was Lincoln's morning newspaper while the Lincoln Journal was distributed in the evenings. The "Journal" was itself the conglomeration of several previous Lincoln newspapers. In 1867, Charles H. Gere founded the Nebraska Commonwealth. A member of the prominent Gere family, Gere was a New York native and Civil War veteran. As an attorney who had studied law in Baltimore, Gere quickly became an important figure in Nebraska, serving as the private secretary of the state's first governor. Gere spearheaded numerous local issues, specifically favoring the idea that all state government functions should be housed in one city as opposed to scattering them across the state. As such, Gere became an important voice in the nascent state capital, Lincoln, and the "Nebraska Commonwealth" became its first newspaper. In 1869, Gere changed the name of the publication to the Nebraska State Journal. The following year, the newspaper became a daily. As his publication grew, Gere retired from law to become an active part of his newspaper. Having served in the first governor's administration, the state constitutional convention, the state senate, the education commission, the committee on railroads, and the University of Nebraska Board of Regents, Gere's long history of involvement in local politics and strongly-held views impacted the editorial tone of the paper. In one editorial in 1890, Gere famously likened the Farmer's Alliance and its candidates to "a herd of hogs," criticizing the party for disrupting Republican party politics in the state. In 1897, J.C. Seacrest, a former reporter for the "Nebraska State Journal", purchased the Lincoln Evening News which was published by the "State Journal" as an evening edition. By 1922, Seacrest had changed the name of the "Lincoln Evening News" to the Lincoln Evening Journal and become the majority owner of the State Journal Company. Seacrest merged the two publications to create to create the Lincoln Evening Journal & Nebraska State Journal. In 1902, Lincoln utilities tycoon and millionaire D.E. Thompson established the Lincoln Daily Star. In 1910, Thompson sold the "Daily Star" to local grain operator Herbert E. Gooch. The Great Depression caused Gooch to sell the publication to the Lee Group of Davenport, Iowa, now Lee Enterprises, for one million dollars in 1930. As the Depression wore on, financial circumstances forced the Seacrests and Lee Group to buy minority interest in each other's companies in 1931 to stay afloat. However, the two publications remained independent and controlled their own content. The two papers had been minority interest holders in each other's companies since 1931. In 1937, J.C. Seacrest created a trust which ensured that the "Journal" would remain in the possession of the Seacrest family throughout the lifetimes of his sons, Joe W. and Fred S. Seacrest, and their children. However, financial realities forced greater cooperation between the "Journal" and "Star" and in 1950, the State Journal Printing Company and Star Printing Company merged into the Journal-Star Printing Company. Despite being owned by the same company and sharing offices and production facilities, the publications maintained competing news teams and ran separate stories. In 1971, Joe W. Seacrest chose his son Joe R. Seacrest and his nephew Mark Seacrest to run the "Lincoln Evening Journal". In 1990, the two papers began running combined weekend and holiday editions. In 1995, Lee Enterprises bought the "Journal" from the Seacrest family, and merged it with the "Star". The first edition of the merged Lincoln Journal Star rolled off the presses on August 7, 1995. </doc> <doc id="2344232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344232" title="Victoria, Yoro"> Victoria, Yoro Victoria is a municipality in the Honduran department of Yoro. It is served by Victoria Airport, a grass airstrip. </doc> <doc id="2344234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344234" title="Yorito"> Yorito Yorito is a municipality in the department of Yoro, Honduras. </doc> <doc id="2344243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344243" title="Florence Stanley"> Florence Stanley Florence Stanley (July 1, 1924 – October 3, 2003) was an American actress of stage, film, and television. Florence Stanley was born as Florence Schwartz in Chicago, the daughter of Hanna (née Weil) and Jack Schwartz. She began a long career on stage, film and TV starting in the 1940s. Her earliest theatrical performances include "The Importance of Being Earnest" with the Touring Players, "Bury The Dead" at New York's Cherry Lane Theatre, and "Machinal". During the 1950s, Stanley appeared in numerous live TV shows, and gave an acclaimed performance as Clytemnestra in the New York Shakespeare Festival's 1964 production of "Electra", opposite Lee Grant, who played the title role. Stanley began her long career on Broadway as Maureen Stapleton's understudy in a 1965 revival of "The Glass Menagerie". In 1966, she took over the role of Yente in Broadway's "Fiddler On The Roof" from Bea Arthur, leaving in 1971 (after more than 2,000 performances) to open in Neil Simon's "The Prisoner of Second Avenue", directed by Mike Nichols. In 1972 she went on to tap dance in the Broadway production of "The Secret Affairs Of Mildred Wild", and in 1981 went back to work for Neil Simon in the Broadway production of "Fools". Her film roles began in 1967 with "Up the Down Staircase" starring Sandy Dennis. In 1973, she was asked by director Mike Nichols to play a small role in his film "The Day of the Dolphin" starring George C. Scott. She recreated her role in the film version of "The Prisoner of Second Avenue" (1975), and was again cast by Nichols for "The Fortune" (1975), starring Warren Beatty, Jack Nicholson and Stockard Channing. She went on to appear in the television series "Joe and Sons" for CBS in 1975; that same year "Barney Miller" producer Danny Arnold cast Stanley as Bernice Fish, the wife of Detective Fish (played by Abe Vigoda). Vigoda's and Stanley's characters were spun off in 1977 - "Fish". She also appeared in the 1994 film "Trapped in Paradise" starring Nicolas Cage, Jon Lovitz and Dana Carvey. Stanley played Edna "Ma" Firpo in the movie. She starred as Margaret Wilbur, a family court judge who assigned custody of a twelve-year-old girl to two former boyfriends of the girl's late mother on the TV series "My Two Dads", and directed three episodes of the series. She made two guest appearances on the TV series "Night Court": an uncredited one in the season 4 episode "Murder" in which she plays a woman who cheerfully confesses to her husband's murder but may be hiding something, and another, credited, role in the season 6 episode "The Game Show" where she played Judge Wilbur. She later played Dr. Amanda Riskin on "Nurses", provided the voice for Grandma Ethyl Phillips on "Dinosaurs" and made guest appearances on such television series as "Mad About You" (which reunited her with her former "My Two Dads" co-star, Paul Reiser), "Malcolm in the Middle", "Mr. Belvedere" and "Cybill". Later film roles include "Trouble Bound" (1993), "The Odd Couple II" and "Bulworth" (both in 1998) and "Down With Love" (2003). Stanley also played Thelma Griffin on "Family Guy", but was replaced by Phyllis Diller after her death. In 2001, she provided the voice of Wilhelmina Packard in Disney's 41st animated feature film, "", for which she was nominated for an Annie Award for Voice Acting by a Female Performer in an Animated Feature Production, and the direct-to-video sequel, "", in 2003. On October 3, 2003, Stanley died of complications from a stroke at age 79. Her interment was at Mount Sinai Memorial Park Cemetery. </doc> <doc id="2344247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344247" title="CBW"> CBW CBW may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344251" title="Bass Performance Hall"> Bass Performance Hall The Bass Performance Hall (also known as Bass Hall) is a performing arts venue, located in Fort Worth, Texas. The hall was first suggested by pianist Van Cliburn, to philanthropist Nancy Lee Bass and her husband, Perry Richardson Bass. It was built with limestone and designed by David M. Schwarz of Architectural Services, Inc. in 1998. It is characteristic of the classic European opera house form. An Great Dome, artfully painted by Scott and Stuart Gentling, tops the Founders Concert Theater. Two angels sculpted by Marton Varo from Texas limestone grace the Grand Façade. It seats 2,056 people. Built as a multi-purpose facility, the Hall is able to house symphony, ballet, opera, stage, musicals, and rock concerts. It is also now the permanent home to the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra, Texas Ballet Theater, Fort Worth Opera, the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, and Cliburn Concerts. Performing Arts Fort Worth, which manages the Hall, also hosts its own performances here, including national touring Broadway productions and a family series. In 2001, the adjacent Maddox-Muse Center officially opened; and with it, the new Van Cliburn Recital Hall and the McDavid Studio with 220 seats (renamed in 2006 from McNair Rehearsal Studio). Also housed within Maddox-Muse Center are offices for Performing Arts Fort Worth, the non-profit organization that oversees management of the Hall, and the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra. </doc> <doc id="2344261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344261" title="Grandidier's mongoose"> Grandidier's mongoose Grandidier's mongoose ("Galidictis grandidieri"), also known as the giant-striped mongoose or Grandidier's vontsira, is a small carnivoran that lives only in a very small area of southwestern Madagascar, in areas of spiny forest vegetation. It is pale brown or grayish coloured, with eight wide, dark stripes on its back and sides. Grandidier's mongoose is larger than the related broad-striped Malagasy mongoose, "G. fasciata", and its stripes are not as wide. The species is named after Alfred Grandidier. This species has been called one of the rarest carnivorans in the world. With a few exceptions, the majority of records of "G. grandidieri" come from a narrow zone at the western edge of the Mahafaly Plateau in the Parc National de Tsimanampetsotsa, making it the Madagascan carnivore with the smallest range. Nocturnal and crepuscular, this species lives in pairs which produce one offspring a year, in the summer. They hunt primarily by searching through ground litter and in rock crevices. The diet of Grandidier's mongoose varies markedly between the dry and wet seasons. Whereas food consists mainly of invertebrates throughout the year, small vertebrates are the most important food by biomass, comprising 58% during the dry season and 80% during the wet season. Grandidier's mongoose weighs 1.1 to 1.3 lb (500 to 600 g). The species is sympatric with two other carnivores, the fossa ("Cryptoprocta ferox") and the introduced Indian civet ("Viverricula indica"). However, there seems to be virtually no range or dietary overlap between these animals and Grandidier's mongoose. From sub-fossil evidence, it is clear that the region underwent drastic climatic change during the last 3000–2000 years. It is presumed that the distribution of this mongoose was notably broader and the proportion of prey types different in earlier times than today. Grandidier's mongoose must have adapted to dryer conditions, which have resulted in its very limited distribution and the exploitation of notably small prey. The animals can be vocal, with a cooing mew, and are described as sociable and playful. </doc> <doc id="2344266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344266" title="SS Nomadic (1911)"> SS Nomadic (1911) SS "Nomadic" is a former tender of the White Star Line, launched on 25 April 1911 in Belfast now on display in Belfast's Titanic Quarter. She was built to transfer passengers and mail to and from RMS "Olympic" and RMS "Titanic", and is the only White Star Line vessel in existence today. "Nomadic" was one of two vessels commissioned by the White Star Line in 1910 to tender for their new ocean liners RMS "Olympic" and RMS "Titanic", which were too large to dock in Cherbourg harbour. She and her running mate SS "Traffic" ferried passengers, their baggage, mail and ship's supplies to and from large ocean liners moored offshore. The keel of "Nomadic" was laid down in the Harland and Wolff shipyards, Belfast in 1910 (yard number 422). She was built on slipway No. 1 alongside RMS "Olympic" and RMS "Titanic", which were constructed on slipways 2 and 3 respectively. She was launched on 25 April 1911 and delivered to the White Star Line on 27 May, following sea trials. The ship is long overall and wide, with a gross registered tonnage of 1,273 tons. Propulsion was provided by two single-ended coal-fired boilers and two compound steam engines, each driving two triple-bladed propellers of in diameter, which gave a service speed of . "Nomadic" is of steel construction, with steel frames, beams, bulkheads and riveted hull plating. She had four working decks with various hold spaces beneath. She could carry up to 1,000 passengers when fully loaded. Passenger accommodation consisted of lower and upper deck passenger lounges and open deck areas on the bridge and flying bridge decks. The vessel was divided into first and second class passenger areas, with first class passengers enjoying the fore areas of the ship. A small area in the aft end of the lower deck was assigned for overspill of third-class passengers from SS "Traffic". Internally, "Nomadic" was fitted out to a similar standard as the liners "Olympic" and "Titanic", which she was built to serve. As such, she had more luxuries than most tenders of her day, with cushioned benches, tables, porcelain water fountains, sex-specific bathrooms and a buffet bar. She contained ornate decorative joinery and plasterwork, particularly in the first class lounges of the ship. "Nomadic" was built in the United Kingdom, but as she was operated in French coastal waters by a French crew, she had a number of peculiarities, such as imperial and metric draft marks on opposing sides of the hull. "Nomadic" arrived in Cherbourg on 3 June 1911 to begin her tendering duties for the White Star Line. On 10 April 1912 she transported 274 passengers to RMS "Titanic" for the liner's maiden voyage, including New York millionaire John Jacob Astor IV with his new wife Madeleine, Sir Cosmo Duff Gordon and his wife, couturière Lucy (Lady Duff-Gordon), American journalist and United States Army officer Archibald Butt, Denver millionairess Margaret Brown, and mining tycoon Benjamin Guggenheim. During World War I and until 1919, "Nomadic" was requisitioned by the French government, and she saw service as an auxiliary minesweeper and patrol ship, also ferrying American troops to and from the harbour in Brest (France). After the war, she returned to her tendering duties, but in 1927 she was sold and continued to tender under the ownership of the Compagnie Cherbourgeoise de Transbordement. Following the 1934 merger of White Star and Cunard Line and the opening of the enlarged port at Cherbourg, "Nomadic" ceased her tendering duties. She was sold to the Société Cherbourgeoise de Sauvetage et de Remorquage (SCSR or Cherbourg Tow & Rescue Society) and renamed "Ingenieur Minard". During World War II, "Nomadic" again saw service; on 18 June 1940 she took part in the evacuation of Cherbourg. She was subsequently requisitioned by the Royal Navy and based in Portsmouth harbour, she operated as a troop ship, coastal patrol vessel and minelayer for the remainder of the war. During the war, Cherbourg port was heavily damaged, so large ocean liners could no longer dock there. "Nomadic" was saved from the shipbreakers and again returned to tendering duties for the SCSR from Cherbourg. She served the ocean liners of the day, such as "Queen Mary" and "Queen Elizabeth". She finally retired from these duties on 4 November 1968. "Nomadic" lay idle for five years but was subsequently bought by a private individual, Yvon Vincent, saving her from scrap once again. She was extensively converted into a floating restaurant and function vessel, and in October 1974 was relocated to the Seine in Paris. A depiction of "Nomadic" was briefly seen alongside the "Titanic" in Cherbourg in James Cameron's 1997 film "Titanic". By 1999, the business was in financial difficulties and "Nomadic" was seized by the Paris harbour authorities in 2002. The authorities removed some of "Nomadic's" superstructure in order to tow her below the Seine's bridges. On 1 April 2002 she was towed out of Paris to Le Havre. Following Vincent’s death in March 2005, the authorities sought to dispose of the vessel and attempted to find a buyer for "Nomadic", if no buyer was found, she risked being sold for scrap value. On learning of her fate, heritage and maritime enthusiasts (including the French Titanic Society, Belfast Industrial Heritage, Belfast Titanic Society and the Save Nomadic appeal) began campaigns to raise funds to buy the vessel. These campaigns were well supported by the public, particularly in Northern Ireland, but were unable to raise sufficient funds to meet "Nomadic's" reserve price. The campaigns, however, gained political and governmental support, and on 26 January 2006, the Northern Ireland government Department for Social Development bought the vessel at auction for €250,001 (the reserve price being €250,000). SS "Nomadic" left Le Havre to return to Belfast on 12 July 2006, and arrived close to where she was built, on 18 July 2006. The vessel was welcomed back by the Department for Social Development Minister, David Hanson MP and the Deputy Lord Mayor of the City of Belfast, Councillor Ruth Patterson and a number of well-wishers. "Nomadic" arrived "piggy backed" on a marine transportation barge, which had been contracted by the department. The Northern Ireland Department for Social Development set up a voluntary charitable trust, the Nomadic Charitable Trust (NCT) in December 2006, to take ownership of the vessel and oversee her conservation and restoration. The NCT's stated aim is; "To restore the SS "Nomadic" and to make her accessible to the public, to ensure she can play a key role in the ongoing celebration of "Titanic," ensure a lasting legacy to celebrate our maritime and industrial heritage and as a catalyst for tourism, social and economic development". The NCT transferred ownership of "Nomadic" to the Titanic Foundation in April 2015. The ship is now run by Titanic Belfast Nomadic Limited and incorporated into the Titanic Belfast visitor attraction. The Nomadic Preservation Society (NPS) was also founded in 2006. Its stated aims include collaboration with the NCT and all other parties involved in preserving "Nomadic", including raising and donating funds, conducting historical research and publicising "Nomadic" as a tourist attraction. In 2006 the NPS had found and made aware to the NCT of the 1907-built cargo ship on Lake Victoria in East Africa, , that has boilers and triple-expansion engines of a similar size to those originally installed in SS "Nomadic". "Nyanza"s owner intended to convert her to diesel power and scrap her steam engines and boilers, so NPS suggested that NCT buy them to install in "Nomadic". In 2008 the NPS alleged that "Nyanza"s owner had heard nothing from the NCT for 18 months and that "Nyanza"s engines and boilers were in danger of being removed and scrapped. NPS therefore launched an appeal for £200,000 to rescue the engines and boilers independently of the NCT. On appointment, the NCS began essential maintenance works, fund raising and preparation for the planned restoration. A study by Belfast City Council estimated the cost of restoring "Nomadic" at £7 million. The NCS has subsequently secured funding in excess of £6.5 million; major benefactors include the UK Heritage Lottery fund, EU Peace III fund, Northern Ireland Tourist Board, Belfast City Council and Ulster Garden Villages. In August 2008, "Nomadic" was considered by National Historic Ships and was entered into the National Register of Historic Vessels as part of the National Historic Fleet. This recognises "Nomadic"s historic significance as the register includes just a small list of vessels, including "Cutty Sark", "Mary Rose" and the Royal Yacht "Britannia". In August 2009 "Nomadic" was moved to Hamilton Graving Dock, on Queen's Road, Belfast. This dry dock, itself a piece of maritime heritage, was partly refurbished in a joint partnership between the Belfast Harbour Commission and Titanic Quarter Ltd. The dock is believed to be where "Nomadic" was originally fitted out and has now been leased as a permanent location for "Nomadic". By late 2009 the NCS had sufficient funding to begin major conservation and restoration works. In February 2010, major works commenced with external blasting and priming of the steel hull, preventing further deterioration of the steelwork. In February 2011, Harland and Wolff were appointed by the NCS to undertake steelwork restoration and repair, rekindling a 100-year link with the ship's original builders. The value of the contract was £2 million and included re-creation of the missing bridge and flying bridge decks, hull repairs and painting of the vessel in her original White Star Line livery. These works were completed in February 2012. The final phase of restoration works includes conservation and restoration of the luxurious interior, featuring plaster panelling and ornate joinery. Original SS "Nomadic" timber panelling was purchased from a French museum by the Nomadic Preservation Society, using funds raised during the Save Nomadic appeal. The panelling has since been donated to the NCS for sympathetic restoration and reinstatement back on board the vessel. This phase of works also includes restoration works to the historic Hamilton Graving Dock and pumphouse, converting the dock area and ship into a tourist attraction. As far as is known, the remaining lifeboat from "Nomadic" is the last White Star Line lifeboat still intact in the world. "Nomadic" originally had two lifeboats, believed to have capacity for about 28 people each when fully loaded, to serve up to 1,200 passengers and crew in an emergency. They were later supplemented by life-rafts. "Nomadic's" lifeboats were removed around October 1974 after Vincent moved the ship to Paris. They lay onto the quayside opposite "Nomadic" for 13 years, being vandalised and having pieces stolen. In 1987 Jean-Charles Arnault made a deal with Vincent to loan him the two lifeboats for "Le Musée Maritime Chantereyne" at Cherbourg. The lifeboats were left outdoors and, over time, the weight of the boats resulted in their shape collapsing, the wood itself rotting. Eventually, the museum deemed Lifeboat 1 damaged beyond rescue and destroyed it by burning. Then, Historian Philippe Delaunoy rediscovered the remaining lifeboat. In 2007 it was purchased from the struggling museum. To transport the lifeboat back to Belfast by lorry a special cradle was built to support the boat, and it was taken to Petticrew Marine. Over the next five years the boat hung from a cradle there and slowly returned to its original shape. At the same time funds were being raised to restore the boat, and a grant was awarded from the Heritage Lottery Fund. With it back in its correct shape, work started on restoration, replacing missing timbers and re-fabricating missing parts. One of the stipulations from the Heritage Lottery Fund was the use of original materials. A new keel had to be made and put into place for the clinker-wood construction to connect with. When this was complete, work progressed restoring the hull, replacing missing or damaged wood with original materials. The lifeboat nameplate had been stolen, so this was reconstructed by a benefactor using archive photographs. With the lifeboat nearing completion there was some dispute as to how it would be put on public display. Originally the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum had agreed to take it as an exhibit, but they withdrew as there was not space for it. Attempts were made to return the lifeboat to "Nomadic", to be displayed alongside her in a weatherproof box, but this was unsuccessful. As of 2014 the boat has been structurally restored with the original paint finish. A new cradle is being constructed for travel and exhibition. </doc> <doc id="2344272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344272" title="Chernoles culture"> Chernoles culture Chernoles culture or Black Forest culture (Чорноліська культура) is an Iron Age archaeological unit dating ca. 1025–700 BC. It was located in the forest-steppe between the Dniester and Dnieper Rivers, in the (Чорний ліс) of Kirovohrad Oblast in central Ukraine. This location corresponds to where Herodotus later placed his Scythian ploughmen. From 200 BC, the culture was overrun by the arrival of Germanic and Celtic settlers to the region. Chernolesian settlements include open sites and also fortified sites surrounded by multiple banks and ditches. Houses were usually surface-dwellings and of substantial size, ~ 10 x 6 m. Artifacts found in settlements include stone and bronze axes, weapons, bronze ornaments, and iron tools. Cultivated wheat, barley, and millet were staples. The economy was agricultural, with stockbreeding. Bronze artefacts indicate significant contact with Scythian nomads, and finds of finer ceramic wares suggest contact with Thrace and Black Sea Greek colonies. Inhabitants practised biritual burials: inhumation under barrows and cremation in urnfields (the latter predominated in later periods). Classical Chernoles period finished c. 500 BC, corresponding to a simplification in the material culture, interpreted to represent a pauperization due to the political domination of the forest-steppe communities by Scythians. In these latter stages, we see an increase in fortified settlements, perhaps representing a defensive measure against the nomads (with earthen ramparts, ditches and timber walls). Despite the difficulties, settlement density actually increases, and the socio-cultural traditions continued. </doc> <doc id="2344274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344274" title="Gisu people"> Gisu people The Gisu people, or Bamasaba people of Elgon, alternately Bugisu, Gishu, Masaba, or Sokwia, are a tribe of the Masaba people of eastern Uganda, closely related to the Bukusu people of Kenya. Bamasaba live mainly in the Mbale District of Uganda on the slopes of Mount Elgon. The Masaba, Bukusu and Luhya people believed that their ancestors were Kundu and Sela. The people of Ethiopia and the Ethiopian Highlands have no name for Kundu, except that it is a mountain peak in Oromiya. The Bamasaba ancestor, Maswahaba migrated from the Ethiopian Mountains traveling via Lake Turkana to Sironko and settled around Bududa where he fell in love with a Maasai girl who was known as Nabarwa. The family of Nabarwa demanded that in order for Maswahaba to marry their daughter he had to undergo their rite of circumcision. He agreed to do so. Circumcision in Africa is an old culture as practiced by the Bamasaaba in Eastern Uganda. The culture of circumcision was adopted by the Bamasaba from their in-laws the Maasai people.The men among the Bagisu tribe undergo initiation ceremonies known as ("Imbalu"). The initiation ceremonies among the Bamasaaba are held every two years during August. The Bamasaaba ancestors lived on bamboo shoots also known as "malewa" in the Lugisu language.These bamboo shoots are collected from bamboo trees on top of Mt. Elgon. Maswahaba's first son with Nabarwa was Mwambu who was nicknamed Nkisu by his Maasai uncles who had stolen his fathers cows from him. Masawahaba failed to pronounce the nickname of Nkisu meaning a bull in Maasai language, given to his son his uncle and he pronounced it as Mugisu. The name Bagisu originated from the nickname Nkisu given to Mwambu by Maswababa's Maasai Brother-in-law. The Gisu speak a dialect of the Lumasaba language called Lugisu, which is fully understandable by other dialects, and is also understood by the Bukusu. </doc> <doc id="2344275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344275" title="European Parliament Committee on Employment and Social Affairs"> European Parliament Committee on Employment and Social Affairs The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs (EMPL) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Thomas Händel. It is responsible for overseeing employment discrimination law within the European Union, among other things. </doc> <doc id="2344280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344280" title="Masaba people"> Masaba people The Masaba people, or "Bamasaaba", are a Bantu people inhabiting the Eastern Ugandan districts of Sironko, Manafwa, Bududa, Mbale and Bulambuli. They are closely related to the Bukusu and Luhya of Western Kenya. They are a mainly agricultural people, farming millet, bananas and sorghum on small-holder plots. Maize became popular with the coming of Europeans in late 1890s. The Bamasaaba are famous for their traditional male circumcision ceremonies, held every even year. In a three-day ceremony of dancing and feasting, preceding a couple of months preparations, the initiates are admitted into adulthood and expected to begin their formal contribution to the growth of their respective communities. The name "Bamasaaba" is sometimes used interchangeably with the name "Bagisu," even though the latter is actually a tribe of the Bamasaaba nation. The current Babukusu of western Kenya are believed to have migrated from the Bamasaaba, particularly from areas around Bubulo, in current Manafwa District. Many clans among the Babukusu have their origins among the Bamasaaba, a testimony to this linkage. Masinde Muliro, once a veteran politician and elder of the Babukusu from Kitale, was from the Bakokho clan, with its base at Sirilwa, near Bumbo in Uganda. Other clans common to both sides include Batiiru Babambo, Baata, Bakitang'a and Batiiru. There are other clans whose names, however, that are only on one side, such as Babichache and Balonja who are mainly among the Babukusu. The common cultural ties are a further indication of close relations among the two sister ethnic groups. During the Constituent Assembly that led to the 1995 Constitution of Uganda, Mulongo Simon, a Delegate from Bubulo East, introduced Babukusu as one of the ethnic groupings of Uganda, acknowledging the fact that both groups, Bamasaaba and Babukusu are intertwined. Before the arrival of Europeans, Bamasaaba were organised in a decentralized way, but maintained strong clan system that brought them together as a community. They had a strong fighting force of youths, whose pre-occupation was to herd livestock and to train in warfare. They warded off attackers from neighbouring communities such as the Luo, Iteso, Elgon Masaai (Sabot and Sebei). Earlier, when the Maasai were still dominant in the eastern part of Mt. Elgon, they were the traditional hostile neighbours. The dual economic activity of both crop and animal husbandry generated a resilient economy that supported their livelihoods and developed into an independent cultural community that endured centuries of hostility. The advance of the European missionaries in late 1890s, facilitated by Kakungulu, a British Muganda agent, established a base for the British colonial rule in the area. This changed drastically the geo-political settings of the Bamasaaba form there onwards. The Church Missionary Society (CMS) led by Bishop Tucker, assisted by Kakungulu, established British and particularly Anglican systems in the area. They built, through forced labour, road infrastructure and established administrative units. By independence in 1962, Bamasaaba had had several western educated personalities with some schools, such as Nabumali High School, excelling in national examinations. Mbale town was the cleanest in the country. Professors Timothy Wangusa, Bigala and later Dani Wadada Nabudere were among the leading academics from the Bamasaaba. George Masika, the Chief Justice and Masette Kuuya, a youthful minister during Obote II in the 1980s, James Wambogo Wapakhabulo, the foreign Minister in the Museveni regime are examples of leading personalities from the Bamasaaba. </doc> <doc id="2344283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344283" title="Never a Dull Moment (Rod Stewart album)"> Never a Dull Moment (Rod Stewart album) Never a Dull Moment is the fourth solo album by rock musician Rod Stewart. It was released in the summer of 1972; that year it became a UK number-one album (for two weeks) and reached number two on the US Album chart. The track "You Wear It Well", co-written by Stewart and classical guitarist Martin Quittenton, was a smash hit (another UK No. 1; in US No. 13), as well as "Twisting the Night Away", a song originally recorded (and written) by Sam Cooke. Like many of Stewart's albums from the era, "Never a Dull Moment" features significant musical contributions from the members of the band Faces. Other guest musicians included Ray Jackson of the band Lindisfarne on mandolin, Spike Heatley on upright bass, Gordon Huntley on steel guitar, Dick Powell on violin and Pete Sears on piano and bass. "Mama You Been on My Mind" is a cover version of a Bob Dylan song. Stewart's version is one of the songs featured in Nick Hornby's book "31 Songs". On the 8-track tape release of the album the song "What Made Milwaukee Famous (Has Made a Loser Out of Me)" was on program 2 following "Twistin' the Night Away", but it was not mentioned in the song listing. "Angel" is a tribute to, and written by Jimi Hendrix. Hendrix and Ronnie Wood had shared a flat in the late 1960s, and were both at a Soho club on the night he died. </doc> <doc id="2344285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344285" title="Daniel Pinkham"> Daniel Pinkham Daniel Rogers Pinkham, Jr. (June 5, 1923 – December 18, 2006) was an American composer, organist, and harpsichordist. Born in Lynn, Massachusetts, into a prominent family engaged in the manufacture of patent medicines (his great-grandmother was Lydia E. Pinkham), he studied organ performance and music theory at Phillips Academy, Andover, with Carl F. Pfatteicher. "The single event that changed my life was a concert [at Andover] by the Trapp Family Singers in 1939, right after they had escaped from Germany," Pinkham once recalled. "Here, suddenly, I was hearing clarity, simplicity. It shaped my whole outlook," he said in a 1981 interview with "The Boston Globe". At Harvard, he studied with Walter Piston; Aaron Copland, Archibald T. Davison, and A. Tillman Merritt were also among his teachers. There he completed a bachelor's degree in 1943 and a master's in 1944. He also studied harpsichord with Putnam Aldrich and Wanda Landowska, and organ with E. Power Biggs. At Tanglewood, he studied composition with Samuel Barber and Arthur Honegger, and subsequently with Nadia Boulanger. Pinkham taught at the Boston Conservatory beginning in 1946, and at the New England Conservatory of Music from 1959 until his death in 2006; while there, he created and chaired the program on early music performance. In 1951, Pinkham conducted ten works by Boulanger Award winners in their Boston performance première in a special Peabody Mason Concert series commemorating the Paris Bi-Millennial year. He also taught at various times at Simmons College (1953–1954), Boston University (1953–1954), and Harvard University (1957–1958). Among Pinkham's notable students were the jazz musician and composer Gigi Gryce (1925–1983) and the composer Mark DeVoto. For forty-two years (1958–2000), Pinkham was the organist of King's Chapel in Boston, a position which gave him much exposure to and opportunity to write church-related music; the Sunday evening concert series he created there celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2007. He was also a frequent guest on the E. Power Biggs program on the CBS Radio Network. He performed regularly with the Boston Symphony Orchestra as an organist and as a harpsichordist, and he performed extensively with noted violinist Robert Brink, with whom he commissioned a duo for violin and harpsichord from Alan Hovhaness. Pinkham died in Natick, Massachusetts, of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, at the age of 83. He is survived by his longtime partner, the organist Andrew Paul Holman. Pinkham's enormous output represents a broad cross-section of 20th-century musical trends. He produced work in virtually every genre, from symphonies to art songs, though the preponderance of his music is religious in nature, frequently choral and/or involving organ. Much of his music was written for use in church services or other ceremonial occasions, and reflected his longstanding relationship with King’s Chapel. At various points in his career, he embraced plainchant, medievally-influenced modal writing, and 17th-century forms (in the 1930s and 40s, under the influence of Stravinsky and Hindemith and reflecting his commitment to the early music revival), dodecaphony and serialism (in the 1950s and 60s), electronic music (beginning in 1970), and the neo-baroque idiom. Some of Pinkham's best-known works are designed for services: the Christmas, Advent, and Wedding cantatas, the latter of which is performed particularly often. In 2003, he gained further notice with his commissioned piece, written for the Boston Landmarks Orchestra, of "Make Way for Ducklings". In keeping with the name of the ensemble, the work was designed to be performed for families at the Boston Public Garden, near the famous sculptures based on Robert McCloskey's endearing picture book. Pinkham's scholarship and work were recognized with a Fulbright Fellowship in 1950 and a Ford Foundation Fellowship in 1962. He received honorary degrees from the New England Conservatory of Music as well as from Nebraska Wesleyan University, Adrian College, Westminster Choir College, Ithaca College, and the Boston Conservatory. In 1990, Pinkham was named Composer of the Year by the American Guild of Organists. In 1995, he was awarded the Brock Commission from the American Choral Directors Association. In 2006 Pinkham was named Musician of the Year by the Boston Musicians' Association, AFM Local 9-535. </doc> <doc id="2344286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344286" title="European Parliament Committee on Budgetary Control"> European Parliament Committee on Budgetary Control The Committee on Budgetary Control (CONT) is a committee of the European Parliament. with 30 permanent members. It can be seen as the European Union's internal "political watchdog", seeking to identify undesirable developments within EU institutions and other bodies and then to elaborate constructive suggestions for improvement. The committee's current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Ingeborg Grässle. The Committee on Budgetary Control is responsible for the control of the implementation of the Union's budget, meaning that the taxpayers' money is spent efficiently, effectively and according to EU law. In close cooperation with the Court of Auditors, it audits the accounts of EU Institutions and suggests improvements in order to ensure sound financial management. It considers fraud and irregularities in the budget implementation, and suggests measures aimed at preventing and prosecuting such cases. In this context, it liaises with the Union's Anti-Fraud Office OLAF to strengthen the fight against fraud and corruption. The discharge procedure is the main tool at hand of the parliamentarians in the committee. During this procedure it scrutinises the implementation of the EU Budget by all actors involved, i.e. inter alia the Commission, Parliament, other institutions and Agencies on the basis of the yearly annual report of the European Court of Auditors. For this purpose, the Committee organizes hearings to which it invites members of the examined bodies. The parliamentarians then transmit detailed questions about the activities and the performance of the respective proceeding working year (x, e.g. 2011). This process usually starts in October of the following year (x+1, e.g. 2012) and is then voted in the Committee in March and in the Plenary in April of the next following year (x+2, e.g. 2013). As of 7 July 2014: </doc> <doc id="2344297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344297" title="Kunstmuseum Stuttgart"> Kunstmuseum Stuttgart The Kunstmuseum Stuttgart is a contemporary and modern art museum in Stuttgart, Germany, built and opened in 2005. The cubic museum building with 5000 m² of display space was designed by Berlin architects Hascher and Jehle. During the day it looks like a glass cube, and at nights the interior lighted limestone walls become visible. The Kunstmuseum Stuttgart museum's collection comes from the previous "Galerie der Stadt Stuttgart". The city's collection goes back to a gift from the Marchese Silvio della Valle di Casanova in 1924. It contains one of the most important collections of the work of Otto Dix and also works from Willi Baumeister, Adolf Hölzel, Dieter Roth, and others. </doc> <doc id="2344306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344306" title="Sean Harris"> Sean Harris Sean Harris is an English actor and writer. He is known for his role as Solomon Lane in the films "" (2015) and "" (2018). Harris won a British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for his role in the miniseries "Southcliffe" (2013). He also received three consecutive BIFA Award for Best Supporting Actor nominations. Harris was born in Bethnal Green, London, and grew up in Lowestoft, Suffolk. He attended Denes High School, now the Ormiston Denes Academy in Lowestoft, Suffolk. At 23, he moved to London to train at the Drama Centre London from 1989 to 1992. Harris was a member of the Glasgow Citizens Theatre, where he performed in stage productions such as Tybalt in Romeo and Juliet directed by Giles Havergal and as Carino in Don Juan directed by Robert David MacDonald. He also appeared as Lysander in a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream", directed by Matthew Lloyd at the Haymarket Theatre (Leicester) and as Johnny in a Nottingham Playhouse production of Angels Rave On, directed by Jonathan Church. Harris' television credits include serial killer Ian Brady, on ITV1's television mini-series, "" (2006), the 2007 television films hi "Wedding Belles," Channel 4's drama series "Cape Wrath" (Meadowlands in the United States) as Gordon Ormond and the BBC series "Ashes to Ashes" as Arthur Layton. In 2009, he played corrupt Detective Inspector Bob Craven in Channel 4's critically acclaimed "Red Riding" trilogy and as photographer Anton Blair in Dean Cavanagh's comedy series, "Svengali". In the BBC TV drama "Five Daughters" (2010), Harris portrayed Brian Tobin, co-founder of the drug treatment facility, The Iceni Project, based in Suffolk. In preparing to play Tobin, Harris followed the real Brian Tobin around during pre-production. From 2011 to 2013, Harris appeared as the assassin Micheletto in "The Borgias", a series created by Neil Jordan. In 2013, he starred as Stephen Morton in the Channel 4 drama "Southcliffe", for which Harris would win a British Academy of Film and Television Arts award for Best Actor in 2014. He also played Joss Merlyn in the poorly received BBC adaptation of "Jamaica Inn", which became a subject of controversy and made national news over its mumbling cast and other sound problems. Harris played the main cast role of Thomas the Disciple, and later Thomas the Apostle in the 1999 biblical, historical, drama television film version of Jesus. His notable roles include that of Joy Division's lead singer Ian Curtis in Michael Winterbottom's 2002 film "24 Hour Party People" and as Steven in the film short "True Love (Once Removed)", directed by Kevin Thomas. The film won Best Short Film at both the Palm Springs and Houston Film Festivals, was selected for the Clermont-Ferrand, London Raindance and Los Angeles Short Film festivals and also qualified for an Oscar nomination in 2004. Harris also played Nick Sidney in the 2005 mockumentary "Brothers of the Head", directed by Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe. In 2007, he appeared in his first feature film lead role as Eddie in "Saxon", directed by Greg Loftin. In 2009, he played Stretch in "Harry Brown", directed by Daniel Barber. In 2010, Harris appeared in another film short, "Native Son", written and directed by Scottish director Scott Graham. It premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. In 2012, he played Fifield in the Ridley Scott's "Prometheus". In 2014, Harris played Mick Santino in "Deliver Us From Evil" (2014), directed by Scott Derrickson and based upon the 2001 novel "Beware the Night" by Ralph Sarchie and Lisa Collier Cool. He was cast by Derrickson for the film, without an interview, based upon the director having seen the actor's performance in "Harry Brown". That same year, he appeared as Gene Womack in Guy Myhill's "The Goob". Myhill previously directed Harris in two film shorts, "Two Halftimes to Hell" (1997) and "The Fabulous Bilsons" (2001). Harris finished the year with his performances as Captain Sandy Browning in the critically acclaimed "'71", directed by Yann Demange, for which he earned a British Independent Film Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor and as Campbell in "Serena" (2014), directed by Susanne Bier. In 2015, Harris appeared as Solomon Lane in "," directed by Christopher McQuarrie, and as Macduff in Justin Kurzel's "Macbeth". His next project, "Trespass Against Us", was released in 2016. Harris filmed "Possum" in 2016, a film by Matthew Holness, in which he plays the main character. He reprised his role as Lane in the sequel "" (2018). Harris did a cameo appearance as a clown in a music video for the Norwich band the Black Sharks' debut album titled "Lose Control", directed by Myhill (evidently filmed at the same time as "The Fabulous Bilsons"). In 2007, he appeared in a video for Mark Ronson's "Stop Me". In 2012, Harris appeared in London-based music group Barbarossa's video short, "Battles", directed by Montserrat Lombard. Harris and Lombard have been working on the screen play for a film short, "White" as well as a script for a feature-length film, "Imager". He will play the lead in the film short with Lombard directing once again. Harris maintains a very private life. Known as an intense actor of Stanislavski's system, Harris frequently remains unavailable for interviews while filming, preferring not to break with character. However, his "method" allows him to film with few takes. </doc> <doc id="2344308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344308" title="Alberta Highway 1"> Alberta Highway 1 Alberta Provincial Highway No. 1, commonly referred to as Highway 1, is a major east-west highway in southern Alberta, Canada that forms a portion of the Trans-Canada Highway. It runs from the British Columbia border near Lake Louise through Calgary to the Saskatchewan border east of Medicine Hat. It spans approximately from Alberta's border with British Columbia in the west to its border with Saskatchewan in the east. The route is a divided expressway throughout the province with the exception of a section in central Calgary where it is an arterial thoroughfare. Twinning of the final of Highway 1 between Lake Louise and the British Columbia border was completed by Parks Canada and opened to traffic on June 12, 2014. Highway 1 is designated as a core route in Canada's National Highway System. British Columbia Highway 1 becomes Alberta Highway 1 as it crosses Kicking Horse Pass into Alberta. It generally travels in a southeast direction along the Bow River through Banff National Park (Improvement District No. 9), passing by the Hamlet of Lake Louise and the Town of Banff. The segment of Highway 1 through the national park is maintained by the Government of Canada. Upon exiting Banff National Park, Highway 1 is maintained by Alberta Transportation for until it reaches Calgary. This segment of the highway generally travels in an east direction through the rural municipalities of the Municipal District of Bighorn No. 8 and Rocky View County. It also briefly crosses a portion of Kananaskis Improvement District. For urban communities, this segment passes by the Hamlet of Harvie Heights, through the Town of Canmore, and by the hamlets of Dead Man's Flats and Lac des Arcs. Highway 1A, the original Highway 1 from Canmore to Calgary, is an alternate route to this segment of Highway 1, providing access to the Hamlet of Exshaw, the Summer Village of Ghost Lake, and the Town of Cochrane. In Calgary, Highway 1 is 16 Avenue N and maintained by the City of Calgary. Certain stretches of 16 Avenue N function as either a freeway or an expressway, while other stretches function as an urban arterial road, particularly between Bow River and Bowness Road and between Crowchild Trail and Deerfoot Trail where there are numerous at-grade intersections. As a result, speed limits on 16 Avenue N drop as low as . The recently completed northwest and northeast legs of Stoney Trail (Highway 201) provide an alternate higher speed route across the city. The length of Highway 1 within Calgary is . Upon exiting Calgary, Highway 1 is maintained by Alberta Transportation for until it reaches the City of Medicine Hat. This segment of the highway generally travels in a southeast direction through the rural municipalities of Rocky View County, Wheatland County, the County of Newell, and Cypress County. For urban communities, this segment passes through the City of Chestermere and the Town of Strathmore, by the Town of Bassano, the City of Brooks, and the Hamlet of Suffield, and through the Town of Redcliff. Chestermere Boulevard (formerly Highway 1A), the original Highway 1 from Calgary to Chestermere, is an alternate route to initial portion of this segment of Highway 1. Within the City of Medicine Hat, Highway 1 is named Trans Canada Highway and maintained by Alberta Transportation. Stretches of the highway function as a freeway, while stretches between the South Saskatchewan River and Seven Persons Creek function as an urban arterial road. One at-grade intersection exists beyond 13 Avenue SE at Dunmore Road/South Boundary Road before exiting the city. The length of Highway 1 within Medicine Hat is . East of Medicine Hat, Highway 1 is maintained by Alberta Transportation for until it enters the Province of Saskatchewan, continuing as Saskatchewan Highway 1. This segment of the highway generally travels in an east direction through Cypress County. For urban communities, this segment passes through the Hamlet of Dunmore and by the hamlets of Irvine and Walsh. A review of historical Alberta Official Road Maps shows that Highway 1 was numbered Highway 2 prior to 1941 (while Highway 2 as it is known today was numbered Highway 1 prior to 1941). Exit numbering along Highway 1 began in 2005. As of March 2010, only the stretch of Highway 1 between Banff National Park and Calgary had been assigned exit numbers. Parks Canada completed twinning the final of Highway 1 between Lake Louise and the British Columbia border in 2014, with the new alignment opened to traffic on June 12 of that year. Planning is underway to realign Highway 1 around the Town of Strathmore. Strathmore is the only low-speed signalized section of the highway between Calgary and Saskatchewan without a bypass plan. The route under consideration for the realignment begins northwest of Gleichen, continuing west to run south of Eagle Lake and then continuing northwest where it will rejoin the existing alignment near Cheadle, between Highway 24 and Strathmore. The proposed plan also contemplates a link to the Highway 22X corridor. Construction of an interchange at Dunmore Road / South Boundary Road in Medicine Hat started in the fall of 2012, with completion by the spring of 2014. </doc> <doc id="2344314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344314" title="White (crater)"> White (crater) White is a lunar impact crater. It lies on the far side of the Moon from the Earth, to the southwest of the huge walled plain Apollo. About one crater diameter to the south-southwest is the small crater Hendrix. This is a relatively fresh crater with a well-defined rim and interior that have not been significantly worn. There is a small, cup-shaped crater attached to the exterior along the western edge. The inner wall of White displays some slight terracing, and there is a low central ridge near the midpoint of the interior. The crater is named after astronaut Ed White, killed in the Apollo 1 fire. The nearby craters Grissom and Chaffee were named after the other two astronauts killed in the disaster, Gus Grissom and Roger Chaffee. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to White. </doc> <doc id="2344321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344321" title="European Parliament Committee on Culture and Education"> European Parliament Committee on Culture and Education The Committee on Culture and Education (CULT) is a committee of the European Parliament. This committee has focused on the well-being of all members of the human race and the increased opportunities for education in all countries of the European Union. The Committee has 6 aspects of focus: In this current term, the Committee on Culture and Education has looked at three issues. The first issue is the protection of members of circuses in the European Union. The Committee has declared these members of society as a recognized culture in the EU and desires the circus vocational schools to become accredited among other provisions. This resolution passed on July 12, 2005 with a vote of 29 in favor, 1 against, and 2 abstained. The second dealt with the standardization of higher education systems through thorough internal assessments in accordance with the European Higher Education Area. Education also must promote diversity in its students and in the programs offered by the various institutions. It was adopted on August 30, 2005 with a vote of 24 in favor, 1 against, and 1 abstained. The third issue has regarded the protection of minors. The committee has brought forth a resolution for the protection of minors in all areas of media, including magazines, newspapers, and the Internet. Among numerous other provisions, it will offer classes in safe usage of the Internet, and put forth harsher punishments for Internet criminal activities. This committee, however, does not desire to diminish freedom of speech. This resolution was adopted on September 22, 2005 with a vote of 21 in favor and 1 against. The Parliament has made a point of trying to promote culture. It has hosted numerous cultural events, 150 took place in 2005, including art and concerts. Some exhibitions have been on the topics of breast cancer, the Srebrenica massacre and the Orange revolution. , is also gives the Lux Prize for European Cinema. The CULT is made up of 61 members: The major political groups are also represented on this committee including, the Party of European Socialists, the European People's Party, the European Conservatives and Reformists Group, the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, the European United Left–Nordic Green Left, The Greens–European Free Alliance, and the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy Group. There are also three members that are not attached to any particular party. List of members for the 8th legislature The Committee is directly supported by a research service, the Policy Department for Structural & Cohesion Policies. Most of its research studies and briefings are published online. They do not necessarily reflect the view of the Committee. Recent publications (as of October 2018): Mobility of artists and culture professionals – towards a European policy framework Digital Skills in the 21st century Education in Cultural Heritage Creative Europe: Towards the Next Programme Generation Europe for Citizens: Towards the Next Programme Generation Erasmus+: Towards a New Programme Generation ESIF and culture, education, youth & sport Child safety online: definition of the problem Solutions and policy dilemmas regarding minors’ protection online Recommendations for EU policy developments on the protection of minors in the digital age Migrant Education: Monitoring and Assessment Why cultural work with refugees EU funding for cultural work with refugees: current practice and lessons learned EU funding for cultural work with refugees: towards the next programme generation Modernisation of higher education European Solidarity Corps and volunteering The New Role of Public Libraries in Local Communities Promoting Media and Information Literacy in Libraries E-lending: Challenges and Opportunities European Identity </doc> <doc id="2344332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344332" title="Lygus"> Lygus The genus Lygus includes over 40 species of plant-feeding insects in the family Miridae. The term lygus bug is used for any member of genus "Lygus". At one time, nearly 200 species were classified as genus "Lygus", but most of those have since been reclassified into new or existing genera. Species within this genus include: These insects appear as small oval creatures. Adult lygus are approximately 3 mm wide and 6 mm long, colored anything in a range from pale green to reddish brown or black. The bugs can be solid shaded or mottled, and have a distinctive triangle or V-shape on their backs. Adults are capable of flight, and will often thus escape when approached. Nymphs are wingless, and being light green in color, are often mistaken for aphids. However, lygus nymphs have harder exoskeletons, are typically more active, gain spots as they age, and lack aphid cornicles.[7] Lygus bugs are known for their destructive feeding habits - they puncture plant tissues with their piercing mouthparts, and feed by sucking sap. Both the physical injury and the plant's own reaction to the bugs' saliva cause damage to the plant. The females insert their eggs directly into the plant tissues using piercing ovipositors, and the newly emerged nymphs are voracious consumers of plant tissue juices. Signs that a plant has been attacked by lygus bugs include discoloration, deformation of shoots and stems, curling of leaves, and lesions on the plant tissues. The more well-known lygus bugs are those that have agricultural impacts. Some lygus bugs are very serious agricultural pests. Some methods of biological pest control have proved useful against lygus bugs. For example, wasps of the genus "Peristenus" are parasitoids of lygus bugs; an adult wasp will inject an egg into a lygus nymph, and once the egg hatches the wasp's larva will consume the nymph from the inside out. </doc> <doc id="2344333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344333" title="Showcase Showdown (band)"> Showcase Showdown (band) The Showcase Showdown was an American band that was a fixture in Boston's punk rock scene in the 1990s. The band toured the Northeast extensively and became notorious for their tongue-in-cheek songs, often about obscure cultural icons from political history, television shows and comic books. Its name was among these references, referring to the "Showcase Showdown," a game play element on the game show "The Price Is Right". Showcase Showdown released only two full-length albums, "Appetite of Kings" and "Permanent Stains". They released much of their work on 7" vinyl singles and cassettes, and were featured on several split EPs including a split with Blanks 77 entitled "Drunk at the Karaoke Bar" featuring duets by mostly inebriated members of both bands. The lineup of the group consisted of Albert "Ping Pong" Genna on vocals, Victoria Arthur on bass, Tom Cloherty on guitar, and Steve "Chez Nips" Maxwell on drums. Arthur was a medical student at the University of Massachusetts Medical School through much of the band's career, and her husband, Cloherty, was working as a social worker. After Showcase Showdown's breakup, Arthur and Cloherty formed the group The Spitzz. Allmusic's review of the album "Appetite of Kings" noted the influence of the Sex Pistols, along with "aggressive pogo-punk". Critic Sarah Bee of "Melody Maker", in a favorable review of the album "Permanent Stains", wrote, "These men are in touch with their inner deviants." Critic Ian D'Giff of "Newsday" wrote that Showcase Showdown's cover version of the Sex Pistols' song "Friggin' in the Riggin'", from the album "Never Mind the Sex Pistols... Here's the Tribute", was "raging", and it "nearly makes up for the album's shortcomings". </doc> <doc id="2344334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344334" title="Lobster Liberation Front"> Lobster Liberation Front The Lobster Liberation Front (LLF) is an animal rights campaign which first appeared on the coasts of Dorset in 2004, later spreading to Wales, Scotland, and some European countries. Their methods include releasing lobsters in live storage and sabotaging lobster pots or fishing boats. The Lobster Liberation Front have been recorded operating along the South Coast of the United Kingdom as late as 2016. The group now propose individual public action and have released content for individuals to follow to ensure safe return to the sea -link- http://www.fishinaboxrecords.com/lobster-liberation-take-action-at-a-fish-shop-near-you-live-export-crimes/ The group uses the same leaderless-resistance model as the Animal Liberation Front (ALF) and Earth Liberation Front (ELF), which consists of small, autonomous, covert cells acting independently. A cell may consist of just one person. The LLF consider boiling lobsters alive (the traditional method for cooking them) unacceptable and use direct action to prevent it. As lobsters possess a rudimentary nervous system, the LLF believe they feel pain and thus boiling them is unnecessarily cruel. This was challenged by a Norwegian study released in 2005, which suggested that lobsters cannot feel pain due to their diminished nervous capacity. A 2007 British study contradicted that conclusion, suggesting that crustaceans do feel pain, and that pain responses are crucial to any organism's survival. In March, the village of Worth Matravers, Dorset was targeted when the individuals twice wrecked a fisherman's boat and set lobsters free. The actions were reported to the Southern Animal Rights Coalition, sent anonymously by the LLF. Shortly following this action, one thousand pounds worth of damage was made in June when it was presumed activists targeted a fisherman's potts in Cardigan and in Crymych, Wales. Actions were then reported to Bite Back magazine from the LLF, claiming the liberation of lobsters and sabotaging of fishing property in Italy and Sweden in 2005 as well as Turkey. A year later there was also a large number of fisherman's pots damaged in Stranraer, Scotland, with graffiti left at the scene indicating the group had carried out the attacks. </doc> <doc id="2344339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344339" title="Princess Alexandra of Greece and Denmark"> Princess Alexandra of Greece and Denmark Grand Duchess Alexandra Georgievna of Russia (; "née" Princess Alexandra of Greece and Denmark (); 30 August 1870 – 24 September 1891) was the third child and firstborn daughter of King George I and Queen Olga of Greece, who herself was a daughter of a Russian grand duke, and was also a grandchild of Denmark's King Christian IX and Queen Louise. She was a sister to Constantine I of Greece, and thus aunt of three kings and two queens, Constantine's three sons, who all became kings of Greece, and two of his daughters, who were queens, in name, of Romania and Croatia, respectively. She was also first cousin of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, King George V of the United Kingdom, and both King Haakon VII and Queen Maud of Norway, as well as a paternal aunt of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Princess Alexandra of Greece and Denmark was born on at Mon Repos, the summer residence of the Greek royal family on the island of Corfu. She was the third child and eldest daughter of King George I of Greece and his wife, Grand Duchess Olga Constantinovna of Russia. Alexandra's father was not a native Greek, but he had been born a Danish prince named Christian Wilhelm of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, a son of Christian IX, King of Denmark, and he had been elected to the Greek throne at the age of seventeen. Thus, the Greek royal family was part of the Danish and it was in a close personal relationship with the British and Russian dynasties since King George's sisters, Alexandra and Dagmar, married the heirs to thrones of England and Russia. King George I of Greece and Queen Olga had eight children. One daughter also named Olga died in childhood, but five sons (Constantine, George, Nicholas, Andrew, Christopher) and two daughters (Alexandra and Maria) reached adulthood. The Greek royal family was not wealthy by royal standards and they lived with simplicity. King George was a taciturn man, but contrary to the general approach of the time, he believed in happy rambunctious children. The long corridors of the royal place in Athens were used by Alexandra and her siblings for biking, rollerblading, skateboarding, and sometimes a "bike ride" led by the King himself. Raised by British nannies, English was the children's first language, but they spoke Greek between themselves. They also learned German and French. Alexandra, nickname "Aline" within her family, or Greek Alix, to distinguish her from her aunt and godmother, Alexandra, Princess of Wales, had a sunny disposition and was much loved by her family. "She had one of those sweet and lovable natures that endeared her to everybody who came in touch with her," recalled her brother Prince Nicholas of Greece. "She looked young and beautiful, and ever since she was a child, life looked as it had nothing but joy and happiness in store for her." Alexandra's playmates were her brother Nicholas and her sister Maria, who followed her in age. Alexandra spent many holidays in Denmark visiting her paternal grandparents. In Denmark, Alexandra and her siblings met their Russian and British cousins in large family gatherings. When she was eighteen years old, she was married to Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia, her maternal first cousin once removed and the youngest child and sixth son of Emperor Alexander II and his first wife, Princess Marie of Hesse and by Rhine. They had become close when Grand Duke Paul spent winters in Greece due to his frequent respiratory illnesses. The Greek royal family also frequently spent holidays with the Romanov family on visits to Russia or Denmark. Their engagement was announced on 10 November 1888. The wedding took place on in St. Petersburg, at the chapel of the Winter Palace. They had two children: Seven months into her second pregnancy, Alexandra took a walk with her friends on the bank of the Moskva River and jumped directly into a boat that was permanently moored there, but fell as she got in. The next day, she collapsed in the middle of a ball from violent labour pains. She gave birth to her son, Dimitri, lapsed into a fatal coma, and she died six days later in the Romanovs' estate Ilyinskoe near Moscow. The Grand Duchess was buried in the Peter and Paul Cathedral, St. Petersburg. Her grieving husband had to be restrained from throwing himself into the grave with her. Her husband later morganatically remarried Olga Karnovich, and her son would be involved in the murder of Grigori Rasputin, a favorite of Tsarina Alexandra Feodorvna, in 1916. In 1939 when Alexandra's nephew George II of Greece was reigning, the Greek government obtained a permission from the Soviet government under Joseph Stalin to rebury Princess Alexandra in Greece. Her body was removed from the vault in Leningrad and transferred by a Greek ship to Athens. It was finally laid to rest near the Tatoi Palace. Alexandra's marble tombstone over an empty tomb is still in its place in the Peter and Paul Cathedral. The ""Alexandra Maternity Hospital"" (now ""Alexandra General Hospital"") in Athens was later named in her memory by another nephew, King Paul; it was affiliated with the University of Athens with a special remit to research and combat postpartum maternal mortality. Alexandras Avenue in Athens was also named after her. </doc> <doc id="2344340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344340" title="Wiener (crater)"> Wiener (crater) Wiener is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. It is located just to the southwest of the larger crater Campbell. To the southwest of Wiener is the heavily worn Kurchatov. To the east along the rim of Campbell is Von Neumann. The smaller crater Pawsey lies to the north-northwest, and is partly overlain by the outer rampart of Wiener. The northwestern half of the crater rim is well-formed, with some slumping and terraces along the inner walls. There is an outward protrusion in the rim along the northern side where the crater borders along Pawsey. The southern part of the crater is more irregular, with a wider, uneven inner wall and a poorly defined rim edge. The rim overlies about half of the heavily worn satellite crater Wiener K along the south-southeast. The smaller satellite crater Wiener Q lies along the southwestern rim, and the relatively fresh and polygon-shaped Wiener F is attached to the eastern rim. Within the crater, much of the interior floor is relatively level, with a clump of small ridges forming a central peak structure near the midpoint. There is a small craterlet to the east-northeast of these ridges, and there are several small craterlets near the southwestern inner wall. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Wiener. </doc> <doc id="2344342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344342" title="Crime Wave (1954 film)"> Crime Wave (1954 film) Crime Wave (also known as The City Is Dark) is a 1954 film noir, directed by Andre DeToth. It was adapted from a short story which originally appeared in "The Saturday Evening Post" - "Criminal Mark" by John and Ward Hawkins. 'Doc' Penny (Ted de Corsia) and his gang rob a gasoline station and in the process a police officer is killed and one of the gang members is wounded. The wounded thug imposes himself on Steve Lacey (Gene Nelson), an ex-con trying to start a new life, and demands he call a disreputable doctor for help. The doctor arrives, but too late. The gang member is dead. After his death, Lacey calls his parole officer who involves a hard-nosed cop, Detective Lieutenant Sims (Sterling Hayden), who doesn't think he can reform. Later, the remaining gang members show up at Lacey's apartment. Fearing for his wife's (Phyllis Kirk) safety, he decides to let the men stay. Subsequently, Penny forces Lacey to rob a bank with them, but Lacey alerts the police (by planting a note in his medicine cabinet) who staff the entire bank with police officers and ambush the robbers. In the end, most of the gang is killed, but Lacey and his wife are safe. Much of the film was shot on location in Los Angeles and in nearby Burbank and Glendale. At least one 1952 location, Sawyer's Pet Hospital at the corner of San Fernando Road and Alma Street in Glendale, is still standing and still a pet hospital, albeit with a different name. Several locations seen onscreen, like the Bank of America on the southwest corner of Brand Boulevard and Broadway in Glendale (where the film's big robbery attempt takes place), as well as the distinctive dental building across Brand Boulevard, have been torn down and replaced. The final chase scene from the bank in Glendale to Chinatown in downtown Los Angeles, though edited, follows the actual route, including Brand Boulevard and the Glendale Boulevard fork on the Hyperion Viaduct, until Steve Lacey reaches the house (possibly on Maple Street, just east of Los Angeles Street in the Chinatown district) where the crazed Johnny Haslett is holding Lacey's wife. The gas station in the film's opening scene was on Wall Street just south of East 3rd Street, near Boyd Street, but has since been demolished. Other specific downtown Los Angeles locations include Los Angeles Union Station and the L.A. City Hall Building (including interiors of the Homicide Bureau). The final scene, where Lt. Sims sends Steve and Ellen home, was shot on the 200 block of North Main Street, with Sterling Hayden leaning against the side of the City Hall Building. </doc> <doc id="2344352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344352" title="Wilsing (crater)"> Wilsing (crater) Wilsing is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies due north of the crater Plummer, and farther to the north of the huge walled plain Apollo. Wilsing is located just inside the rim of the immense South Pole-Aitken basin. This is a heavily worn formation with the smaller satellite crater Wilsing Z lying prominently across the northern half of the interior floor. The rim of Wilsing bulges outward along the northeastern face, and there are a few small craterlets along the rim to the west and south. The interior floor is somewhat uneven, with the most level portion being in the south-southwest. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Wilsing. </doc> <doc id="2344354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344354" title="Rieleros de Aguascalientes"> Rieleros de Aguascalientes The Rieleros de Aguascalientes (English: Aguascalientes Railroaders) are a Triple-A Minor League Baseball team which plays in the Mexican League in Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, Mexico. Baseball arrived in Aguascalientes in hand with the railroad at the beginning of the 20th century. A group of Mexican and American railroad workers on the Mexican Central Railway held a baseball game in March 1902. The teams, the Aguascalientes Mexican and American Railways, played the first game in the state on the railroad's land. In 1975, the Rieleros were founded by Raul Medina Reyes in partnership with Don Pedro Barbosa and other local entrepreneurs. Funds were raised through the issue of shares. A survey was then conducted to select a team name. The name Rieleros was chosen to honor the area's railroad heritage. In 2008, the Rieleros de Aguascalientes were transferred to Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, and were renamed the Tecolotes de Nuevo Laredo. They returned to Aguascalientes in 2012. </doc> <doc id="2344355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344355" title="European Parliament Committee on Development"> European Parliament Committee on Development The Committee on Development (Commission du développement, DEVE) is a standing committee of the European Parliament responsible for promoting, implementing and monitoring the development and cooperation policy of the European Union, notably talks with developing countries; aid to developing countries; and promotion of democratic values, good governance and human rights in developing countries. The committee has thirty-four members and the same number of substitute members. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Linda McAvan. </doc> <doc id="2344358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344358" title="Coutts"> Coutts Coutts and Co. is a private bank and wealth manager, founded in 1692. It is the seventh oldest bank in the world and its international arm was sold to Union Bancaire Privée in March 2015. It has been owned by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS) since 2000, when RBS purchased its parent, NatWest. Coutts formed part of RBS's private banking division. During its time with RBS, it acquired Zürich-based Bank von Ernst & Cie and in 2008, Coutts Bank von Ernst and other Coutts International subsidiaries became RBS Coutts Bank. These traded as RBS Coutts International to align them with the parent RBS Group until 2011, when RBS Coutts was renamed Coutts & Co. Limited. The bank which was to become Coutts & Co, was originally a goldsmith-banker's shop. It was formed in 1692 by a young Scots goldsmith-banker, John Campbell of Lundie, Scotland. He set up business in Strand, London, under a sign of the Three Crowns, as was customary in the days before street numbers. Today, the Coutts logo still has the three crowns, and its headquarters is still on the Strand. Campbell died in 1712, leaving the business to members of his family. The dominant force was Campbell's son in law, George Middleton, who had become Campbell's partner in 1708. During Middleton's stewardship, the bank was buffeted by one crisis after another. The Jacobite rising of 1715 threatened the stability of the banking system, John Law, the Comptroller of France's finances, owed a great deal of money to the bank when the Mississippi Company bubble burst in 1720 and the English stock market collapsed in the same year. Stability for the bank did not return until 1735. John's son, George Campbell was also a partner, and ultimately became the sole partner after the death of Middleton in 1747, after which the bank was renamed the "Bankers of 59 Strand". In 1755, John Campbell's granddaughter, Mary (known as "Polly"), married a merchant and banker, James Coutts. Polly was George Campbell's niece and George immediately made James a partner. The bank became known as Campbell & Coutts, with James running the business and becoming sole partner following Polly's and George's deaths in 1760. George bequeathed most of his fortune, and the bank, to James. In 1761 James took his brother Thomas Coutts into the business, which was now named James and Thomas Coutts. James and Thomas did not always get on and eventually James drifted into politics, leaving the running of the bank to Thomas. James retired from the bank in 1775 due to ill health. The bank in the Strand became known as Thomas Coutts & Co. Thomas Coutts married twice. His first wife, a servant named Susannah Starkie, gave him three beautiful daughters nicknamed "The Three Graces" who eventually married leading figures in British society: the Earl of Guilford, the Marquess of Bute and Sir Francis Burdett. Thomas also had four sons who died in infancy. When Susannah died, he remarried just four days after the funeral. Thomas Coutts was 80 years old, and his new wife, Harriot Mellon, was 40 years younger and an actress, which stirred considerable comment. On Thomas' death in 1822 the bank was renamed "Coutts & Co." Thomas' widow, Harriot, inherited £900,000 from Thomas along with a 50% share in the bank. Although she did not get on with her stepdaughters, she wanted to keep the bank in the Coutts family. Harriot died in 1837. In her will, the Coutts fortune was passed on to Thomas's granddaughter, Angela Burdett, the daughter of Sophia Coutts and Sir Francis Burdett. The will contained three conditions: firstly, Angela's 50% share in the bank was to be held in Trust; secondly that the heir should take the name of Coutts; and thirdly that the heir may never marry a foreigner. Upon receipt of her inheritance, Angela Burdett-Coutts became the wealthiest woman in Britain. She devoted her life to philanthropy, giving away an estimated amount of between £3 million and £4 million. Her charity ranged widely: she supported the Church of England and its Anglican offshoots overseas, as well as the arts, but the main thrust of her charity was directed toward improving the lives of the poor. A sewing school in Spitalfields, cotton gins in what is now Nigeria, boats and nets for the Irish fishing industry, and ragged schools in the poorest sections of cities were but a few of her projects. Gladstone, the Prime Minister, and Queen Victoria resolved to acknowledge her philanthropic spirit formally. In 1871, she was granted a peerage in her own right as "Baroness Burdett-Coutts of Highgate and Brookfield in the County of Middlesex." In 1880, it became known that the baroness wished to marry her young American secretary William Ashmead-Bartlett, who was her junior by thirty-seven years. The partners of the bank were aghast at the prospect of such a marriage, as were many dignitaries; they saw Bartlett as an adventurer, only interested in her money. Archibald Tait, the Archbishop of Canterbury, attempted to forestall such a marriage from occurring, while Queen Victoria herself, with whom the Baroness had often dined, tried to prevent what she called the "mad marriage". In a letter, the Queen wrote to Lord Harrowby stating that it would grieve her much "if Lady Burdett-Coutts were to sacrifice her high reputation and her happiness by such an unsuitable marriage". This letter was passed on to Lady Burdett-Coutts, who asked Lord Harrowby to reply that he had no knowledge of the subject alluded to—quite a snub to the Queen. One potential stumbling block to the marriage was her step-grandmother's (Harriot's) will which forbade marriage to an alien. As Bartlett was an American, the marriage would cause her to be disinherited. If this eventuality occurred, her younger sister, Clara, as next in line, was set to inherit. Angela Burdett-Coutts managed to get Clara to waive her rights. Clara's son Francis (known as Frank) was not, however, so easily dissuaded, and consulted his lawyers thinking to forestall the marriage by standing on their rights. Finally Bartlett himself, in the face of immense pressure from society, offered to release the Baroness from his offer of marriage. She, however, remained determined, refusing to release Bartlett from his promise, in spite of various scandalous accusations being made against him involving another woman, and even his fathering of an illegitimate child. In February 1881, at the age of 67, Angela Burdett-Coutts broke the terms of the will by marrying Bartlett in Christ Church, Down Street, Piccadilly. The partners of the bank rushed to reassure the press that the heiress was neither a partner in the bank, nor could she touch the capital. An argument sprang up over the inheritance and, in particular, over whether Her Ladyship should give up the bank to her sister Clara. The newlywed fought back claiming that Bartlett was only half American and therefore not technically an "alien". Her sister, Clara, then claimed the fortune, and the bitter dispute continued. In anticipation of victory, Clara and her son Frank took the name "Coutts"as required by the will. Finally, a compromise was struck, with the majority of the Coutts fortune set to pass to Clara and her heirs. Angela Burdett-Coutts, however, kept two fifths of the income until her death in 1906. On changing her name, Clara Burdett, who had married James Money in 1850, became Clara Burdett Money-Coutts. Her son Francis' full name became Francis Burdett Thomas Nevill Money-Coutts. He was better known as Francis (or Frank) Coutts, a writer and poet. He became 5th Baron Latymer in 1913 and died in 1923. The following appeared in "Punch" at the time: <poem>"Money takes the name of Coutts," "Superfluous and funny" "For everyone considers Coutts," "Synonymous with Money." The Panic of 1890 forced the bank to change from a partnership to an unlimited liability company in 1892. At that time, limited liability was seen as risky by depositors. As a partnership, the Coutts family would have been personally liable to any depositor for his bank deposit in a crisis. However, there was no crisis. Despite this, there was little change in the organisation—the working partners were divided between managing and junior managing partners. In 1904, the bank moved to its current premises at 440, The Strand. In 1914, Coutts took over the bank of Robarts, Lubbock & Co. in the City, obtaining a branch office and a clearing house seat in the process. In 1919, Coutts merged with the National Provincial & Union Bank of England but retaining the Coutts & Co. name. Throughout the 20th century, Coutts opened more branches. The first West End branch outside 440 Strand was opened in 1921 in Park Lane. Further London branches were opened in the West End (1921), Cavendish Square (1927), Sloane Street (1929), Mayfair (1932), London Wall (1962), Brompton Road (1975), and Kensington (1978). It was not until 1961 that the Bank moved outside the capital, opening its first out-of-town branch at Eton. This was followed by a branch in Bristol in 1976. In 1969, Coutts became part of the National Westminster Bank. Coutts embraced modern technology, becoming one of the first banks to bring in machine-posted ledgers at the end of the 1920s. In 1963 it was the first British bank to have a fully computerised accounting system. In 1987, Coutts gained international representation when Coutts established operations in Geneva. Between 1974 and 1978, Coutts' Strand headquarters were redeveloped by Frederick Gibberd and Partners. Francis Burdett Coutts's great grandson, Sir David Burdett Money-Coutts, became chairman in 1976, retiring in 1993, leaving his cousin Crispin Money-Coutts (heir to the title of Baron Latymer) as the last remaining Coutts name until his resignation. In October 1990, Coutts and NatWest decided to strengthen their representation internationally and the Coutts Group was created when subsidiaries already owned by Coutts and NatWest were merged. In 2000, NatWest was purchased by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS) in one of the largest corporate transactions in the European banking sector. RBS sold Coutts International to Union Bancaire Privée (UBP) on 29 March 2015, for an undisclosed figure. The sale was part of the Group's strategy to reduce the number of countries it operated in, in favour of a greater focus on the United Kingdom. Coutts' confirmed that it expected the transfer of its business in Europe and the Middle East to UBP to be completed by the end of 2015, and its business in Singapore and Hong Kong would follow in early 2016. UBP will be required to rebrand the business. The bank is headquartered at 440 Strand, which serves as its flagship client-facing office, with a further office in Premier Place. It reduced its London footprint in 2013 with the closure of its Canary Wharf, St Mary Axe, Cadogan Place and Fleet Street offices. It has 28 offices in the UK and formerly international offices in Zurich, Berne, Geneva, Hong Kong, Montevideo, Singapore, Dubai, Jersey, Isle of Man, Monaco and Cayman Islands. Following the sale of Coutts International in 2015, the bank's businesses in Switzerland, Monaco, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Singapore and Hong Kong transferred to UBP in October 2015. Its remaining businesses in Asia are due to transfer in 2016. Until the 20th century Coutts was a clearing bank to the nobility and landed gentry, but today it is a wealth manager to a wider range of clients, including entrepreneurs, entertainers, sportsmen, professionals and executives. The British Royal Family is a noted client. There are, however, stringent requirements to being accepted as a client, not just based on average and total financial assets. Prospective clients need at least £1,000,000 in investable assets, not including real estate. Coutts is seen as a bank for the rich and famous of British society. Like all banks, it is secretive about its client list. The bank has a regular presence at the annual Cannes Film Festival. Coutts often collaborates with British fashion designers, including previous designs for its distinctive credit and debit cards. In 2004, British fashion designer and Savile Row tailor Ozwald Boateng designed the super-premium Coutts World Charge Card while in 2006 Stella McCartney was commissioned to design the Coutts Visa debit card. The card included a translucent Coutts logo which could only be seen if held up to the light. In 2013 Coutts replaced its purple 'World' charge card, which had been designed by Boateng, with the new ‘Silk’ Charge card. The silk design was inspired by the traditional Chinese wallpaper brought back by Britain’s first ambassador to China, Earl Macartney in 1794, and presented to Thomas Coutts, which lines the walls of the boardroom at the Strand headquarters. Coutts sponsorship focuses on causes and organisations that share the Coutts values and traditions. In the early nineteenth century, Thomas Coutts became a shareholder of the Royal Opera House. Today, Coutts sponsors productions at the theatre, such as the 2013 production of La rondine. Since May 2011, Coutts has also been the principal sponsor of the Royal Court Theatre, the UK's leading new writing theatre based in Sloane Square. Since 2011, Coutts has also supported the London Design Festival - an annual event, held to celebrate and promote London as the design capital of the world, and as the gateway to the international creative community. In March 2012 Coutts was fined £8.75m for breaches of money laundering rules after three years of "serious" and "systemic" problems in handling the affairs of customers vulnerable to corruption because of their political links. The Financial Services Authority (FSA) fined Coutts because of an "unacceptable risk" that the bank could have been handling the proceeds of crime for a three-year period up to November 2010 after failing to properly deal with customers classified as "politically exposed persons". Following an industry-wide review in 2010, the FSA found that Coutts was not conducting robust enough checks on such high-risk customers and was not monitoring relationships with them properly. The FSA reviewed a sample of 103 high-risk customer files, and identified deficiencies in 73 of them. The FSA's acting director of enforcement and financial crime, Tracey McDermott, said that "Coutts's failings were significant, widespread and unacceptable. Its conduct fell well below the standards we expect and the size of the financial penalty demonstrates how seriously we view its failures". Coutts's bonus system rewarded bankers for opening accounts, providing an incentive to bring in new business without too much scrutiny, and the bank's anti-money laundering team, intended to act as a check in identifying high-risk customers, failed to identify enough "politically exposed persons". In two cases reviewed by the FSA, bankers did not conduct appropriate checks on the customers, and failed to identify serious criminal allegations against them. There were five cases where sources had provided "adverse intelligence" such as allegations of criminal activity, in each case the accounts were approved by Coutts. A spokesperson for Coutts said that there was no evidence that money laundering took place as a result of its deficient controls, and said that "We recognise our systems weren't totally adequate in the past and we've taken steps to improve these". Coutts would have been fined £12.5m if it had not agreed to settle at an early stage in the investigation. In November 2011 the Financial Services Authority (FSA) fined Coutts £6.3m for mis-selling the American International Group (AIG) Enhanced Variable Rate Fund between December 2003 and September 2008. The FSA forced Coutts to compensate all customers who suffered a loss as a result of its failings in selling the AIG Life Premier Bonds. A significant proportion of the fund's assets were invested in riskier asset-backed securities. A run was started on the fund following the late-2000s financial crisis. Coutts customers still had £748m invested in the fund when it was suspended in September 2008, but were only allowed to withdraw half of their investment. Many transferred the remaining 50% to a non-interest bearing recovery fund until July 2012. The FSA said Coutts failed by giving advisers inadequate training around the risks of the product. Coutts recommended the fund to some customers even though it might have exposed them to more capital risk than they were willing to accept and many customers were advised to invest too large a proportion of their overall assets in the fund. Coutts agreed to settle at an early stage in exchange for a 30% discount on its fine, which would otherwise have been £9m. Coutts is mentioned in the 1889 Gilbert and Sullivan Savoy opera "The Gondoliers" in the following lyrics: <poem>The Aristocrat who banks with Coutts— The Aristocrat who hunts and shoots— The Aristocrat who cleans our boots— They all shall equal be!</poem> Robert Louis Stevenson mentions Coutts in his 1886 classic novella "Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" as being the bank of choice for Dr Jekyll: "...and presently came back with the matter of ten pounds in gold and a cheque for the balance on Coutts's drawn payable to bearer..." In the first episode of Michael Palin's "", Palin visits the bank to inquire about the safeguarding and ease of replacing money whilst on his trip. His bank manager suggests a code-word, which will alert a less knowledgeable member of his staff that Palin is indeed who he says he is, the code-word in question being Jabberwocky. In chapter three of Bram Stoker's classic novel, "Dracula", Jonathan Harker lists the recipients of several of Dracula's letters in his journal, including: "... the third was to Coutts & Co., London". Other private banks owned by the Royal Bank of Scotland Group: </doc> <doc id="2344364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344364" title="Santiago del Teide"> Santiago del Teide Santiago del Teide is a town and a municipality in the western part of the island Tenerife, Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. The area of the municipality is 52.21 km², the population is 12,634 (2013). Beach resort towns in the municipality are Los Gigantes, Puerto de Santiago and Playa de la Arena. The steep cliffs Acantilados de Los Gigantes are situated on the coast of the municipality. </doc> <doc id="2344369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344369" title="European Parliament Committee on International Trade"> European Parliament Committee on International Trade The Committee on International Trade (INTA) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Bernd Lange. INTA is responsible for matters relating to the establishment, implementation and monitoring of the EU’s common commercial policy and its external economic relations, including trade and investment legislation, bilateral, plurilateral and multilateral agreements and relations with the World Trade Organisation (WTO). With the Treaty of Lisbon, the Parliament has become a co-legislator in the Union’s Common Commercial Policy and has the final say on entry into force of all trade agreements. Moreover, the Union competencies were expanded to include foreign investment. The main legislative achievements guided through the Parliament by INTA during the 7th parliamentary term (2009-2014) include regulations on 'Grandfathering', 'Financial Responsibility', macro-financial assistance to third countries, 'Enforcement’, 'Dual Use', 'Omnibus I and II' packages, the review of the Generalised System of Preferences (GSP) and the Market Access Regulation (MAR). Legislation on the Public procurement and Modernisation of the Trade Defence Instruments (TDI) would only be adopted if an agreement with the Council is reached. During its last term the European Parliament gave consent to free trade agreements with South Korea and Peru/Colombia, rejected Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), scrutinised trade talks with Canada, Singapore and African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries and started examining ongoing negotiations with Japan and the US. </doc> <doc id="2344370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344370" title="Smokebox"> Smokebox A smokebox is one of the major basic parts of a steam locomotive exhaust system. Smoke and hot gases pass from the firebox through tubes where they pass heat to the surrounding water in the boiler. The smoke then enters the smokebox, and is exhausted to the atmosphere through the chimney (or funnel). Early locomotives had no smokebox and relied on a long chimney to provide natural draught for the fire but smokeboxes were soon included in the design for two main reasons. Firstly and most importantly, the blast of exhaust steam from the cylinders, when directed upwards through an airtight smokebox with an appropriate design of exhaust nozzle, effectively draws hot gases through the boiler tubes and flues and, consequently, fresh combustion air into the firebox. Secondly, the smokebox provides a convenient collection point for ash and cinders ("char") drawn through the boiler tubes, which can be easily cleaned out at the end of a working day. Without a smokebox, all char must pass up the chimney or will collect in the tubes and flues themselves, gradually blocking them. The smokebox appears to be a forward extension of the boiler although it contains no water and is a separate component. Smokeboxes are usually made from riveted or welded steel plate and the floor is lined with concrete to protect the steel from hot char and acid or rainwater attack. To assist the passage of the smoke and hot gases, a blower is often used. This is a pipe ending in a ring containing pin-sized holes, which creates a "ring" of steam jets. The steam forces out the smoke and draws further gases through the tubes. This in turn causes air to be drawn through the grate and firehole, making the fire burn hotter. When the locomotive is in motion, exhaust steam passes through the blastpipe, which is located within the smokebox. The steam is ejected through the chimney, again drawing the fire. The blastpipe is what produces the characteristic "chuff" sound. Ashes and soot which may be present in the smoke are often deposited in the smokebox. The front of the smokebox has a door which is opened to remove these deposits at the end of each locomotive's working day. The handle(s) must be tightened fully to prevent air leaks, which would reduce the draw on the fire and can also allow any unburnt char at the bottom of the smokebox to catch fire there. Some smokebox doors have a single handle in the form of a wheel; many British-built locomotives have a pair of smokebox door handles resembling the hands of a clock; other designs also exist. On many steamrollers an extension to the body of the smokebox also houses the bearing which supports the front roller. Due to limitations of space, these rollers usually have a drop-down flap instead of a circular smokebox door. The smokebox incorporates the main steam pipes from the regulator (or superheater header), one leading to each valve chest, a part of the cylinder casting. These may pass through the smokebox wall to join with the cylinder (outside steam pipes) or may stay within the profile of the smokebox (inside steam pipes). Inside steam pipes do not require lagging as the smokebox keeps them warm, but outside steam pipes are more common for locomotives with cylinders outside the frames. Some locomotive classes used both types depending on the date the batch was constructed (e.g. LNER Class V2). Because heat losses from the smokebox are of little consequence, it is not usually lagged. In most cases it appears to be the same diameter as the boiler in the finished locomotive but this only because of the boiler cladding; the boiler is narrower. Tank engines usually had their water tanks stop short of the unlagged smokebox as it could raise the temperature of the water sufficiently to cause problems with the injectors. British Railways standard classes use this design, where a robust mesh grille is incorporated into the smokebox, forming a filter between the front tubeplate and the exhaust. Any large pieces of char passing through the boiler tubes tend to be broken up on impact with the mesh, creating finer particles which are swept up the chimney instead of accumulating in the bottom of the smokebox. This does not negate the need to clean out the smokebox but reduces the amount of work that has to be done. In the best case, smokebox cleaning could be avoided between boiler washouts, typically at intervals of two weeks. The classic layout of a steam locomotive has the smokebox and chimney at the front of the locomotive, referred to as travelling "smokebox-first". Some designs reversed the layout to avoid problems (asphyxiation and poor visibility) caused by having the exhaust blowing back onto the crew; these were called cab forward locomotives. A spark arrester is often installed within the smokebox. This may take the form of a cylindrical mesh running from the top of the blast pipe to the bottom of the chimney. The purpose of a spark arrester is to prevent excessively large fragments of hot ash from being exhausted into the environment where they may pose a fire risk. For this reason, spark arresters are generally installed on locomotives running through dry environments. They should not be confused with the external spark arrestors fitted to some locomotives. The presence of a spark arrester may have a thermodynamic effect, distorting the draw of air over the fire and thereby reducing total power output. Thus their use can be contentious. Locomotives fitted with a superheater will usually have a superheater header in the smokebox. Steam enters the header as "wet" (saturated) steam, and then passes through a superheater element. This takes the form of a pipe which runs twice through an enlarged smoke tube in the boiler. The steam enters a separate chamber in the header, this time as superheated or dry steam. The advantage of superheating is that the steam has greater expansive properties when entering the cylinders, so more power can be gained from a smaller amount of water and fuel. </doc> <doc id="2344373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344373" title="Eklingji"> Eklingji Eklingji is a Hindu temple complex in Udaipur District of Rajasthan in western India. Eklingji is believed to be the ruling deity of Mewar Princely State and the Ruler "Maharana" rules as his "Dewan". According to the 15th century text "Ekalinga Mahatmya", the original temple at Eklingji was constructed by the 8th century ruler Bappa Rawal. The original temple and murti (idol) were destroyed during invasions by the Delhi Sultanate rulers. The earliest extent murti was installed by Hamir Singh (14th century), who also carried out extensive renovations to the main temple. Rana Kumbha (15th century) rebuilt the temple, in addition to constructing a Vishnu temple. His 1460 inscription describes him as "the personal servant of Eklinga". In late 15th century, Ghiyath Shah of Malwa Sultanate attacked Mewar, and devastated Eklingji. Kumbha's son Rana Raimal (r. 1473–1509) defeated and captured him, and obtained a ransom for his release. With this ransom, Raimal patronized the last major rebuilding of the temple complex, and installed the present murti at the main temple. Originally, the temple likely belonged to the Pashupata sect, and was subsequently in the custody of the Nath sect. In the 16th century, it came under the control of the Ramanandis. </doc> <doc id="2344375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344375" title="European Parliament Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection"> European Parliament Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection The Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO) is a committee of the European Parliament. The committee is responsible for: The committee chair, elected in June 2017, is Anneleen Van Bossuyt (ECR, Belgium). She replaces Vicky Ford (ECR, UK), who resigned after being elected national MP in the 2017 UK election. Vice-Chairs are Anna Maria Corazza Bildt (EPP, Sweden), Robert Rochefort (ALDE, France), Catherine Stihler (S&D, UK) and Nicola Danti (S&D, Italy). </doc> <doc id="2344380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344380" title="Winlock (crater)"> Winlock (crater) Winlock is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon, where it lies to the west of the large walled plain Lorentz. From the Earth this crater is located behind the northwestern limb, and just beyond the parts of the far side that are sometimes brought into view due to libration. This is a reasonably well-formed crater, although it has suffered some erosion. There is a small crater lying across the rim to the southwest, and a smaller crater across the northeastern rim. The rim edge is otherwise relatively circular with some slight slumping along the inner edge. The interior floor is generally level, and the site where a central peak is usually located is instead occupied by a small craterlet. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Winlock. </doc> <doc id="2344381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344381" title="Dueto Voces del Rancho"> Dueto Voces del Rancho The band consists of a duet that has Edgar Rodriguez and Mariano Fernandez as its members. They play many traditional Norteñas, but with a uniquely contemporary style. Dueto Las Voces del Rancho was founded in 2000 in Los Angeles, California. It all began with two young Mexican Americans: Edgar Rodriguez, born in Guadalajara, Jalisco; and Mariano Fernandez, from Los Mochis, Sinaloa. Both of them were raised in the city of Bell, a city in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. With the help of Lupillo Rivera, a well-known Banda singer, they set up a band and began recording their first Norteño songs. "Se Les Pelo Baltazar" and "Los Dos Amigos" were Rodriguez's and Fernandez's first hit singles. Soon, their popularity increased dramatically as their songs were played extensively on the Mexican radio. Los Dueto Voces del Rancho released other albums and songs, including the hits "El Lunar," "Donde Están," and "De un Rancho a Otro". Besides playing mainly with a Norteño band, Los Dueto Voces del Rancho has also played their songs with Banda groups. </doc> <doc id="2344402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344402" title="European Parliament Committee on Fisheries"> European Parliament Committee on Fisheries The Committee on Fisheries (PECH) is a committee of the European Parliament. Alain Cadec is the Chairman (2014-2019). PECH is the European Parliament committee responsible for: 1. the operation and development of the common fisheries policy and its management; 2. the conservation of fishery resources, the management of fisheries and fleets exploiting such resources and marine and applied fisheries research; 3. the common organisation of the market in fishery and aquaculture products and the processing and marketing thereof; 4. structural policy in the fisheries and aquaculture sectors, including the financial instruments and funds for fisheries guidance to support these sectors; 5. the integrated maritime policy as regards fishing activities; 6. sustainable fisheries partnership agreements, regional fisheries organisations and the implementation of international obligations in the field of fisheries. The Committee is directly supported by a research service, the Policy Department for Structural & Cohesion Policies. Most of its research studies and briefings are published online. The papers do not necessarily reflect the view of the Committee. Recent publications (as of October 2018): Fisheries in Ireland Åland Islands Training of Fishers Fisheries in Andalusia – Atlantic region Fisheries in Mauritania and the European Union Landing Obligation and Choke Species in Multispecies and Mixed Fisheries – The North Western Waters Landing Obligation and Choke Species in Multispecies and Mixed Fisheries – The South Western Waters Landing Obligation and Choke Species in Multispecies and Mixed Fisheries – The North Sea Marine recreational and semi-subsistence fishing – its value and its impact on fish stock Common Fisheries Policy and BREXIT Regional ocean governance in Europe: the role of fisheries Fisheries in Japan Small-Scale Fisheries Markets: Value Chain, Promotion and Labelling Small scale fisheries and “Blue Growth” in the EU Impact of Fisheries Partnership Agreements on Employment in the EU and in Third Countries Seafood Industry Integration in the EU The Management of Fishing Fleets in Outermost Regions </doc> <doc id="2344403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344403" title="Alvin Straight"> Alvin Straight Alvin Boone Straight (October 17, 1920 – November 9, 1996) was an American man who became notable for traveling 240 miles on a riding lawn mower from Laurens, Iowa to Blue River, Wisconsin to visit his ailing brother. He inspired the 1999 film "The Straight Story". Alvin Straight was born in Scobey, Montana. He married Frances Beek on October 17, 1946, in Scobey. In 1973, Alvin, Frances, and their family moved to Lake View, Iowa, where he worked as a general laborer. He was the father of five sons and two daughters. Straight was a veteran of World War II, serving as private first class in the United States Army and the Korean War. Alvin Straight's 80-year-old brother Henry had recently suffered a stroke. At the age of 73, Alvin Straight could not see well enough for a driver's license, so he decided his only option was to travel on his 1966 John Deere riding lawn mower. Setting off in early July 1994, Straight drove the mower along highway shoulders, towing a trailer loaded with gasoline, camping gear, clothes, and food from his home in Laurens, Iowa, to his brother in Blue River, Wisconsin. About four days and 21 miles into the trip, the lawn mower broke down in West Bend, Iowa. Straight spent $250 on replacement points, a condenser, plugs, a generator, and a starter. After traveling another 90 miles, Straight ran out of money while in Charles City, Iowa. He camped there until his next Social Security checks arrived in August. He was interviewed by local newspapers. On August 15, Straight's lawn mower broke down again when he was two miles from his brother's house near Blue River. A farmer stopped and helped him push it the rest of the way. At a top speed of 5 miles per hour, the trip took six weeks in all. After the visit, Straight's nephew, Dayne Straight, drove him back to Iowa in his pickup truck. Henry Straight recovered from his stroke and moved back to Iowa to be closer to his family. Paul Condit, president and general manager of Texas Equipment Company, Inc., in Seminole, Texas, heard about the trip and gave Straight a 17-horsepower John Deere riding mower worth $5,000. Straight did not like the attention from the lawn mower trip. He turned down offers to appear on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and "Late Show with David Letterman". In April 1995, Straight attempted to drive a riding lawn mower to Sun Valley, Idaho, but he had to turn back because of cold weather. On November 9, 1996, Straight died of a heart ailment at a local hospital in Laurens. A lawn mower similar to the one he had used on his journey accompanied his funeral procession to the Ida Grove Cemetery. Playwright and performer Dan Hurlin and composer and sound designer Dan Moses Schreier adapted Straight's trip into a theatrical production that was billed as an opera. "The Shoulder" was performed at CSPS Hall in Des Moines, Iowa, in October 1997. It was also performed in January 1998 at New York's Dance Theater Workshop and Minneapolis' Walker Art Center. Straight's story was adapted into the film "The Straight Story", directed by David Lynch, which starred Richard Farnsworth (in an Oscar-nominated role) as Alvin Straight. Straight received $10,000 plus 10% of the movie's profits. Straight said that he made the trip to see his brother, not for the possibility of fame or money. </doc> <doc id="2344411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344411" title="Nannine Clay Wallis Arboretum"> Nannine Clay Wallis Arboretum The Nannine Clay Wallis Arboretum 4 acres (1.6 hectares) is a non-profit arboretum located at the Garden Club of Kentucky, Inc.'s State Headquarters, 616 Pleasant Street, Paris, Kentucky. The Arboretum is open to the public, sunrise to sunset, free of charge. The Wallis Arboretum is considered one of the finest old-tree collections in central Kentucky. Its first trees were planted in the mid-1850s, around the 1851 house that is now the headquarters of The Garden Club of Kentucky. Most of the planting was under the direction of Nannine Clay Wallis, in the first half of the 20th century. Mrs. Wallis was a founder and later president of both GCKY, South Atlantic Region, and The National Council of State Garden Clubs. The Arboretum is a Morton Arboretum certified Level 1 arboretum. The Arboretum now contains about 70 varieties of trees including many varieties of flowering dogwoods, as well as a rose garden, an herb garden, a reflecting pool, a daylily garden, and a pavilion. The largest trees at the arboretum include a Small-leaved linden (Tilia Cordata), Ginkgo (Ginkgo Biloba), Northern red oak (Quercus rubra), Tulip Poplar, (Lireodendren Tulipfera), Sugar Maple (Acer Sacrum) and a Cucumber tree (Magnolia acuminata). </doc> <doc id="2344414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344414" title="Pierre Broué"> Pierre Broué Pierre Broué (8 May 1926 – 27 July 2005) was a French historian and Trotskyist revolutionary militant whose work covers the history of the Bolshevik Party, the Spanish Revolution and biographies of Leon Trotsky. Broué was born in Privas, Ardèche, around 1926. His father was a civil servant and mother a school teacher: they had "strong republican views". In 1936, Broué supported a French general strike as well as the Spanish Republic. By 1940, with Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia in a non-aggression pact, he helped organize a Communist party cell at the Lycée Henri IV in Paris. The French Communist Party expelled these organizers; they said Broué suffered from Trotskyism. The accusation piqued his interest, and he began reading about Trotsky from the private library of teacher Élie Reynier. With the Party, he fought in the French resistance against Nazi occupiers during Second World War. When Joseph Stalin disbanded the Comintern in 1943, Broué became strongly critical of Stalinism, resigning from the FCP as a result. By 1944, he became a Trotskyist, joined the Fourth International, and remained a Trotskyist for the rest of his life. In 1952, he followed Pierre Lambert during a split in the movement and continued as a "Lambertist" for many years. He was active in the Internationalist Communist Party and then the Internationalist Communist Organisation before expelled in 1989. He became a secondary school teacher, until 1965 when he became lecturer in history at the University of Grenoble and then professor. In 1977, he set up the Trotsky Institute, to publish in French all of Trotsky's writings (so far, 27 volumes). He also founded and edited the "Cahiers Léon Trotsky", devoted to the history of Trotskyism. Between 2003 and his death, he was a close collaborator and supporter of the International Marxist Tendency. Broué married three times. His third wife Andrée died in 1989 from cancer. Former student Jean-Pierre Juy was a long-time friend. Alan Woods was a late-life friend and admirer. Broué died in Grenoble, France, in his sleep in the early hours July 27, 2005, age 79. He had prostate cancer. Five children survived him: two sons and three daughters. His son Michel Broué is a notable mathematician. The basic inspiration for Broué's books was his desire to explain Stalinism. His book "Trotsky" (1988) counters the work of Isaac Deutscher. He worked for three years at Harvard, to which Trotsky had sold his papers in 1940. Broué and assistants were the first researchers to use them since the archive opened in 1980. Alan Woods has called it "a very healthy antidote to the superficial and pretentious philistinism of Isaac Deutscher". The recent republication of Trotsky's autobiography, "My Life", has a foreword written by Broué. The U.S. Library of Congress lists the following books. The U.S. Library of Congress lists the following books. Marxists' Internet Archives lists the following articles by Broué that appeared in "Revolutionary History": </doc> <doc id="2344416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344416" title="Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High School"> Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High School Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High School is a coed Catholic high school in Clarksville, Indiana, in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis. The school first opened on September 12, 1951. Providence was recognized as a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence by the United States Department of Education in 2000. It also receives accreditation from the Indiana Department of Education and the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. Our Lady of Providence is an inter-parochial, co-educational school located in Clarksville, Indiana, and serves the Southern Indiana/Louisville, Kentucky metropolitan area. The New Albany Deanery, under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis, operates Providence. At the request of Paul C. Schulte, Archbishop of Indianapolis, Marie Helene Franey of the Sisters of Providence, located at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana since 1840, agreed that the sisters would own and operate the school. Following ground breaking on March 21, 1951, and cornerstone laying on June 12 of that year, the first freshman class entered on September 12. These 137 students came from 11 parishes in Clark, Floyd and Harrison counties. In 1973, eighteen parishes of the New Albany Deanery purchased the school. In 1989 Our Lady of Providence began accepting junior high students (grades 7 and 8) on a limited basis. The Deanery Board created the junior high program in order to accommodate those parishes without elementary schools and/or without grades 7 and 8. In 1996 the Our Lady of Providence Junior-Senior High Board assumed the governance responsibilities previously held by the Deanery Board. Physical expansion of the school occurred in 1959. The Larkin Center gymnasium opened in 1989. A three-floor educational wing connected the convent building and the school during the 1995-1996 school year, including a Library Media Center. In 2000, a new façade and renovated front entrance and lobby totally changed the look of Providence. During the summer of 2003, the Visual Arts wing was complete on the third floor of the Larkin Center In August 2004, Providence hired Joan M. Hurley to guide the school as President. The Vision of Faith capital campaign, conducted through 2003 and 2004 raised $4.3 million. Construction of the Sam & Paula Robinson Performing Arts Center began in August 2005. The theatre opened with the musical production of CATS on April 21, 2006. The James W. & Phyllis Robinson Sports Wing was completed in time for the 2006-2007 football season. In June 2006, Clarksville Town Council granted the school's request to change the name of the roadway in front of the school. Formerly called Old Highway 62 and West Highway 131, the school's new address is now 707 Providence Way. The summer of 2007 brought numerous changes. The entire original 1951 portion of the school building was renovated. New wiring, lighting, ceilings, and compartmentalization of academic departments was completed in time for the 2007-08 school year to begin. The chapel was relocated in the old library space on second floor. The Ray Day Little Theatre and supporting academic classroom and theatre office space construction begun. Although incomplete until additional funding is available, the space is open to students as of January 2008. The Providence Pioneers are an independent school. The school colors are navy blue and white. The following IHSAA sanctioned sports are offered: </doc> <doc id="2344417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344417" title="European Parliament Committee on Constitutional Affairs"> European Parliament Committee on Constitutional Affairs The Committee on Constitutional Affairs (AFCO) is a committee of the European Parliament dealing with institutional matters such as the Treaties of the European Union and the Parliament's rules of procedure. It is currently chaired by Danuta Hübner MEP, a Polish member of the European People's Party parliamentary group. </doc> <doc id="2344420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344420" title="European Parliament Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality"> European Parliament Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality (FEMM) is a committee of the European Parliament. </doc> <doc id="2344421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344421" title="Air Guinée"> Air Guinée Compagnie Nationale Air Guinée was the national airline of Guinea. The airline had its head office in Kaloum, Conakry. Founded in 1960, the airline had flights from Conakry International Airport. The company was privatised in 1992, and was eventually dissolved in 2002. When the idea of Air Afrique was being mooted, Guinea and Mali opted not to join the consortium with other, mainly French West African, nations, and instead chose to form their own national airlines. In March 1960 the Guinean government signed a series of agreements with the Soviet Union, one of which provided for the supply of aircraft, crews and other technical assistance, ostensibly aimed at upgrading Conakry's airport. The company was founded by decree N°048/PRG/ on 31 December 1960, with technical support from the Soviets, who also supplied an aircraft: an Ilyushin Il-14. The aircraft originated from Czechoslovakia and was crewed by Czechoslovakian crews. Operations began before the end of the year, with flights from Conakry to Boké and Kankan, both of which had previously been operated by Union Aéromaritime de Transport. Service to Bamako commenced shortly afterwards, and the route was shared between Air Guinée, UAT and Air France. In April 1961, Air Guinée was nationalised. Over the years services to Dakar, Freetown and Monrovia were started, with plans to service Paris and Moscow also raised; however, these services were not implemented because Guinea failed to obtain traffic rights to France. Before the relationship between Air Guinée and the Soviets concluded in 1963, the airline had obtained one Yakovlev Yak-40, four Antonov An-24s and two Antonov An-12s. In December 1962 Air Guinée signed a contract with Alaska Airlines which saw the American airline providing management expertise, in addition to two Douglas DC-6s. The deal would have seen Alaska Airlines contracting with the airline over a seven-year period; however, the contract ended after only six months, leading to the United States Agency for International Development paying a US$700,000 debt owed by the Guinean airline to Alaska Airlines. Services from Conakry to Dakar with the Il-18 were inaugurated on 24 August 1962, and the route was later extended to Lagos via Monrovia, Abidjan and Accra. The Il-18 was later replaced by two Douglas DC-4s which were purchased from Alaska Airlines, and the airline also obtained four LASA-60s. By mid-1963 the Air Guinée fleet comprised six Avia-14s, three Ilyushin Il-18s, two Douglas DC-4s, two LASA-60s, one Aero 145, one Mil Mi-14 helicopter, five Yakovlev Yak-18s, three Antonov An-2s and one Yodel. In 1965 Pan American World Airways was contracted to provide technical personnel and a DC-4 for the airlines' use; however, the agreement did not last for long, and the Soviets returned to the airline, supplying an Antonov An-24 for delivery in 1966-1967. In December 1965, the airline temporarily suspended operations as only one route was showing a profit, and the aircraft were suffering frequent breakdowns. On 9 July 1967 one of the airline's Il-18s was written off in an accident at Casablanca. The aircraft was on a scheduled flight to Prague when due to bad weather it was diverted to Casablanca. On landing, its left wing hit a building, causing the aircraft to crash into "rough ground". There were no fatalities amongst the 102 occupants on board, but the aircraft had to be written off. In the 1970s the fleet was expanded with the addition of one Boeing 707, one Boeing 727-100 and one Boeing 737-200. An Air Guinée Il-18 crashed at Conakry on 3 September 1978, killing 15 of the 17 on board. In 1985 an Airbus A300 was delivered to the airline in order to allow it to commence services to Paris and Brussels. By the early 1990s, Air Guinée operated domestic services from Conakry to Boké, Faranah, Kankan, Kissidougou, Labé, Macenta, Siguiri and Nzérékoré, and international flights to Abidjan, Bamako, Dakar, Freetown, Lagos and Monrovia. By the late 1980s, the airline had cost the country some US$4 million and had no prospects for turning a profit for its shareholder, the Guinean government. The company was privatised in 1992, and was eventually dissolved in 2002. </doc> <doc id="2344424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344424" title="Detective School Q"> Detective School Q "Detective School Q" is the story of a group of young students from Class Q of Dan Detective School (DDS), a prestigious and renowned detective academy founded by Morihiko Dan, the most famous detective in Japan, and the adventures and mysteries they unfold and solve together. They eventually work against Pluto, a mysterious organization which creates almost fool-proof plans that only a handful of detectives can solve. Classes in DDS are based on the entrance test score, with A as the highest, B as the next lower, etc. It is possible for a student to be transferred to higher or lower classes, depending on their academic performances. However, Class Q is a special case. As the name might suggest, Class Q is for the Qualified students (i.e. the specially chosen few) who are viewed as the most potential candidates for the successor of Morihiko Dan in the future. Yet, the same rules as the other classes also apply to Class Q. Any member of Class Q may be transferred to a lower class if his/her academic performance declines. Since Class A was generally regarded as the top class of the DDS before Class Q was formed, there has been a tense rivalry between the two classes since. is a crime organization which acts as a "murder designer". At a client's request, it will create a perfect, fool-proof murder plot. The organization guarantees that if performed correctly, there won't be enough clues and or evidences to link the murder to the clients who ordered it. Each job will cost half of the client's entire assets. However, the organization will not actually perform the murder(s) themselves; instead the client will have to do execute the plot themselves. Most plots created by them are so fool-proof that only a very high-skilled detective can reveal the tricks and plots. Members of Dan's Detective School are one of the few who can do so, thereby stopping Pluto's diabolical schemes. However, once a client admits taking help from Pluto, in order to keep their identity a secret, or even as punishment, hypnotism will be carried out on the client which makes them lose their sanity. And since their existence came to be known to Q class, the hypnotism is extended to attempt to kill the one who exposed the tricks/plots. Members of Pluto disguise themselves using plastic surgery, wigs and make-up. However, their identities can be revealed by a certain Pluto Tattoo, which is etched on some body part of every member. A multi-talented genius artist, whose artworks influenced many cases that involves the Pluto, DDC, and DDS as well. One of his designs became the first DDC office building, and later, Class Q's classroom. He had created many priceless arts like Testa Del Drago Violins, a vase with the outline of two people, three mysterious paintings, a small sealing box named Kumikibako, and many others. He is also mysteriously related to Senrinryu hotel. Ryu describes that all of his masterpieces draws the evil which then results in a crime. The Q Class' Building looks normal, but has a secret room, not marked in the building's architectural plans. The first door to this room has a puzzle, which needs to be solved to unlock the door. The painting holds 10 dragons in it - to solve it, the painting needs to be changed to hold 9 dragons, signifying Kuzuryu's name. The second door is seen upon ascending some stars. This door looks more likely made to keep a prisoner in, since there is a small slider, which could be used to give food to the prisoner and also, the latch is outside only, with no means to unlock the door from the inside. It is in this room that Kyu and Megu are trapped and Megu gets bitten by a Pit Viper. Kyu is set against time to get out of the prison and save Megu's life. As Kyu and Megu are locking in the room, Ryu, Kinta and Kazuma try to solve the mystery of their disappearance. This room and the puzzles involved are shown both in the anime and the manga. The Testa Di Drago violin (Italian, meaning Dragon's Head) is a superb violin, said to be superior even to the Stradivarius. The scroll (the top or head) of this violin carries the figure of a dragon. The violin is worth several millions and is currently owned by the violin maestro Yuge Masaomi. The violin and its master and students are involved in a mystery involving a series of murders of the students, as Masaomi had asked them to gather to choose the successor of the Stradivarius. This mystery involves the whole of class Q. The mystery are shown both in the anime and the manga. The Shi 'Un Ryu (Purple Dragon) vase is owned by the old lady at the Kusonoki house. Kuzuryuu made use of her father's tools to make ceramic pots, one of which he left behind as a token of appreciation. The lady even carried a photo of herself with Kuzuryuu in her possession. There are many people eying to sell the vase, even as the old woman stubbornly refuses to sell it. The mystery involves the disappearance of the vase, on the day when all the ceramics are being re-wrapped to keep them safe. The mystery involves only Ryu and Kyu and is portrayed only in the manga. This mystery involves the whole Q Class, as they set out to prepare themselves for the forthcoming class determination exams and spend their time at Kinta's family house at the Gunma prefecture. Kiriyuu Ukon is a childhood friend of Kinta and the mystery involves a set of three spirit paintings (Setsu Gekka - Snow Moon Flowers - referring to the three seasons, Winter, Autumn and Spring) at the Kiriyuu house. The mystery of the paintings is combined with tragedy when the sisters at the Kiriyuu house are murdered one after the other. The involvement of Pluto is clearly shown as Cerberus/Kerberos places a bet with Ryu, with Kyu secretly watching them, challenging him to solve the crime, or return to Pluto. Initially Cerberus gets away, taking with him the paintings as the consolation. This series proves to be a particularly difficult case to solve for the Q Class, as even Dan himself gets involved to finally solve the case and even capture Cerberus, and also getting the key phrase to unlock their hypnotism on victims. Later Ukon reveals the mystery of the paintings to be Kacho Fugetsu (Flower, Bird, Moon, Wind), with the fourth painting painted in the ceiling of the Kurayami Shrine. This mystery involves the entire Q Class. It is also the first time that the Q Class meets Nanami, who has been secretly watching over them from the shadows. The story is portrayed only in the manga. The Kumikibako box is held by the Tsukimura at Yozakura village. The box carries several designs on it, including two similar dragons, but no visible means of opening it. But it carries a saying by Confucius - "When a dragon is docile, even a human can ride on its back, but when its fury is aroused, we are all but victims." The Yozakura village is connected to the rest of the world by only a single suspension bridge, Kazura bridge. Even within the village, there are other ravines, which are passable through similar bridges. Several people assembled here a year ago, including a detective named Azuma, where a murder occurred. Being the sole witness of the case, Ohtori tells everyone that he would make a sculpture of the murderer and reveal it. It is widely known that having lost his voice, Ohtori, who kept himself locked up in his room, allowed only Tsukimura Kikue to approach him. But Ohtori ends up being killed the very night before the sculpture would be revealed. With the sculpture smashed to pieces, there is no way to know who the murderer was (since Tsukimura Kikue was not present during the time of the murder). Kyu resolves the case, as it involved himself as the murderer's alibi. He also successfully opens the box, to reveal two envelopes and a photograph. One of the envelopes is from the murderer, and the second one is from Kuzuryu. Kyu is alone in this case, as he was the only one to go to the village, and doesn't contact anyone from Q Class. The story is portrayed only in the manga. Nine Child dragons and also known as "Seiryuukan" are a series of buildings architecturally designed by Takumi Kuzuryu. The name of each building is related to Nine Chinese Child Dragon tales. Originally, the buildings were all Takumi Kuzuryu's. At some point, the Amakusa family also owned four of the buildings, which were acquired by their servants when they disappeared. And as the time went by, the buildings became owned by various owners. DDS's old building, the one carrying Class Q's current classroom, is the one of these. Here is the list of the buildings and their owners in order - The case begins as all the owners of the Seiryukan buildings are invited to Hotel Seiryukan. The invitation is supposed to be from Dan Morihiko, who, obviously, has not sent it. The Dan Detective school is also sent a threat letter which reads 'Those who incur the wrath of the dragon will receive death'. With Dan-sensei bedridden, Nanami, as the acting principal, sends the Q Class (with the exception of Ryu, who has set off on his own), to investigate. Four murders occur around the Seiryukan building, all people who used to serve the Amakusa family. This, along with the fact that Ryu was seen by one or the other person around the corpse or around the time of the murders, leads to Ryu becoming the prime suspect. Even as Ryu flees, members of Class Q are unsure of his innocence, as they believe he might have committed the murders due to some reason after regaining his memories. The fact that he is King Hades' grandson also acts against him. Kyu remains the only one who believes in him due to their former promise. The case is later resolved by Kyu, as he solves the murder mysteries, discloses the involvement of Pluto, the presence of King Hades himself as one of the buildings' owner, hence proving Ryu's innocence. This is a painting of a woman, and incorporates poisonous black feathers from a Zhen bird as part of the painting. Kuzuryuu Takumi painted it inspired by the paintings in the folding screens in the Shosoin treasure houses. It is said that even one of the feathers has enough poison to kill an adult human. The painting is in display in the Jiaotsu room of the Hotel Seiryukan, with security camera to in the hallway keep it safe. One of the feathers is stolen to be used in one of the murder plots. A live action adaptation of the series began airing in Japan from July 3, 2007 on Nippon TV. It spanned a total of 11 episodes. A prequel to the television series aired on Nippon TV prior to the premiere, featuring the same cast. The opening theme was "Answer" by Flow, while the ending theme was "Stand By Me" by the brilliant green. </doc> <doc id="2344425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344425" title="European Parliament Committee on Petitions"> European Parliament Committee on Petitions The Committee on Petitions (PETI) is a committee of the European Parliament. Its current chair, elected on 7 July 2014, is Cecilia Wikström. Petitions can be brought forward by any EU citizen on a matter within the EU's sphere of activities. The Committee hears cases, some 1500 each year, sometimes presented in Parliament by the citizen themselves. While the Parliament attempts to resolve the issue as a mediator, it can resort to legal proceedings if necessary to resolve the citizen's dispute. </doc> <doc id="2344431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344431" title="Christmas Day (Squeeze song)"> Christmas Day (Squeeze song) "Christmas Day" was a holiday single released by Squeeze in 1979. The single was released only in the United Kingdom and failed to chart, a major surprise since the band had had consecutive number two hits earlier that year. The song itself was not included on an album, but appeared between the releases of "Cool for Cats" and "Argybargy". </doc> <doc id="2344434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344434" title="CCHA"> CCHA CCHA may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344443" title="Frank Fitzsimmons"> Frank Fitzsimmons Frank Edward Fitzsimmons (August 7, 1908 – May 6, 1981) was an American labor leader. He was acting president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters from 1967 to 1971, and president from 1971 to 1981. Frank Fitzsimmons was born in April 1908, in Jeannette, Pennsylvania, to Frank and Ida May Fitzsimmons. His father was a brewer who moved the family to Detroit, Michigan, in 1924 when Frank was 16. His father died of a heart attack when Fitzsimmons was 17 years old, and Frank dropped out of high school to support his family by working in an automobile hardware store. In 1932, he got a job as a bus driver in Detroit, Michigan, and New York City before becoming a truck driver in Detroit in 1935. He joined Teamsters Local 299, and became friendly with the local union's president, Jimmy Hoffa. Fitzsimmons was elected Local 299 business manager in 1936, Local 299 vice president in 1940, and (at Hoffa's insistence) an international union vice president of the Teamsters in 1961. He was appointed secretary-treasurer of the 80,000-member Michigan Conference of Teamsters in 1949, and vice president of Teamsters Joint Council 43 in Detroit in 1959. During this time, Fitzsimmons became known as "a figure of ridicule" in the Teamsters; he was inarticulate, chubby, passive and easily embarrassed, and Hoffa and others frequently had him make coffee or hold chairs and rarely gave him any authority or duties. Nonetheless, Fitzsimmons was considered an adept manager and a very skilled contract negotiator. Despite Hoffa's many legal problems and the routine emasculation, Fitzsimmons remained the Teamsters president's staunchest supporter. When Harold J. Gibbons resigned as Hoffa's executive assistant in December 1963 after a failed coup against the indicted Teamsters president, Hoffa appointed Fitzsimmons to the office. Hoffa was sentenced to eight years in a federal prison for jury tampering, conspiracy, and fraud, but was free while he appealed against the decision. Fitzsimmons was initially not considered to be politically popular enough to succeed Hoffa. But Fitzsimmons was elected General Vice President of the Teamsters in July 1966, which to many Teamsters leaders signalled Hoffa's intention to make Fitzsimmons his heir-apparent in the event Hoffa was imprisoned. On February 28, 1967, the Teamsters executive board passed a resolution appointing Fitzsimmons "acting president" in the event Hoffa was no longer able to carry out his duties. Hoffa entered prison in March 1967, and attempted to run the union from jail through Fitzsimmons. Fitzsimmons, however, was to be nothing more than a glorified gofer: But there is no certainty that Hoffa intends to let Fitzsimmons run anything. Indeed, few other Teamster big wigs even pretend that the chunky, amiable Hoffa right bower has the capacity to hold the union together for long. "He's just a peanut butter sandwich; he'll melt in no time," is the unflattering comment of one union insider. Fitzsimmons and others even denied that they were doing work on Hoffa's orders. National trucking industry talks, interrupted when Hoffa went to jail, resumed with Fitzsimmons at the table. Although the pact expired and the union struck for three days, Fitzsimmons was able to negotiate a new agreement (with a federal mediator's help) which some believed was richer than any Hoffa could have obtained. He negotiated a second contract three years later which provided a 27 percent wage increase over three years. Fitzsimmons rapidly solidified his own hold on the Teamsters presidency throughout 1967. He had permitted the International vice presidents greater latitude in their own affairs and delegated significant authority to them, winning their allegiance. He defeated an executive board attempt to oust him in July, and followed it up by demoting a number of Hoffa aides and promoting his own supporters (including Weldon Mathis) to high positions in the union. By August, he had openly declared he would run for the presidency of the union. He further enhanced his popularity by negotiating in October 1967 a national master contract in the trucking industry which brought 40,000 Northeastern truckers into the contract for the first time, and by negotiating a new contract which ended a five-month steel haulers' strike. Fitzsimmons also began taking the union in new directions. In July 1968 he and Walter Reuther, president of the United Auto Workers formed a new national trade union center, the Alliance for Labor Action, to organize unorganized workers and pursue leftist political and social projects. Fitzsimmons and Reuther offered the AFL-CIO a no-raid pact as a first step toward building a working relationship between the competing trade union centers, but the offer was rejected. The Alliance's initial program was ambitious, but Reuther's death in a plane crash on May 9, 1970, near Black Lake, Michigan, dealt a serious blow to the Alliance. The group collapsed in January 1972 after the Auto Workers were unable to continue to fund its operations. In 1971, Hoffa resigned as Teamsters president and Fitzsimmons was elected international president in his own right. By year's end, Fitzsimmons had purged a number of Hoffa supporters from the union's top offices. In 1973, he resigned his position as vice president of Local 299 and his son, Richard, was appointed his successor. Fitzsimmons engaged in a notorious jurisdictional and organizing dispute with the United Farm Workers (UFW) from 1972 to 1977, raiding the smaller union and establishing a new national farm workers' union to compete with it. The series of raids and counter-raids, repudiated contracts, and public relations attacks began in December 1972 when Fitzsimmons ordered a 1967 no-raid and organizing non-compete agreement with the UFW dissolved and Teamsters contract negotiators to re-open contracts. The UFW sued, the AFL-CIO condemned the action, and many employers negotiated contracts with the Teamsters rather than with the UFW. Although an agreement giving UFW jurisdiction over field workers and the Teamsters jurisdiction over packing and warehouse workers was reached on September 27, 1973, Fitzsimmons reneged on the agreement within a month and moved ahead with forming a farm workers regional union in California. The organizing battles even became violent at times. By 1975, the UFW had won 24 elections and the Teamsters 14; UFW membership had plummeted to just 6,000 from nearly 70,000 while the Teamsters farmworker division counted 55,000 workers. The Teamsters subsequently signed sweetheart deals with more than 375 California growers. Financially exhausted, the UFW signed an agreement with Fitzsimmons in March 1977 in which the UFW agreed to seek to organize only those workers covered by the California Agricultural Labor Relations Act, while the Teamsters had jurisdiction over all other agricultural workers. In October 1973, Fitzsimmons ended a long-running jurisdictional dispute with the United Brewery Workers, and the Brewery Workers merged with the Teamsters. By 1975, Jimmy Hoffa was planning to seize the presidency of the Teamsters again. Hoffa had been released from prison on December 23, 1971, when President Richard Nixon commuted his sentence to time served. According to the United States Department of Justice and White House officials, Hoffa's release was granted on the condition that he not participate directly or indirectly in union activities until 1980. But Hoffa contended that he had never agreed to any such condition, and unsuccessfully sued to have the restriction overturned. But Fitzsimmons supported the government's position, and Charles Colson, special counsel to President Nixon who helped negotiate Hoffa's release, backed Fitzsimmon's interpretation of the release agreement. Hoffa intended to publish a book accusing Fitzsimmons of "selling out to mobsters" and giving large low- and no-interest loans from Teamsters pension funds to mob-related businesses. But Jimmy Hoffa disappeared on July 30, 1975, removing the last significant opposition to Fitzsimmons' re-election. Fitzsimmons was, for a time, a suspect in the disappearance. Fitzsimmons continued to solidify his hold on the Teamsters throughout 1975 and 1976. Fitzsimmons oversaw national trucking negotiations again in 1976, which led to major wage gains. Once again, the contract expired and the Teamsters engaged in a national trucking strike. But the strike ended after just three days, and union members ratified a contract which included a cost of living adjustment as well as a 30 percent rise in wages over three years. Fitzsimmons was re-elected General President of the Teamsters in Las Vegas, Nevada, on June 16, 1976. An insurgent reform group, which later adopted the name Teamsters for a Democratic Union, issued a massive report accusing Fitzsimmons and other Teamsters of corruption and suppressing democracy in the union and picketed the June Teamsters convention. Fitzsimmons attacked the dissidents for trying to "destroy the union". He famously raged from the podium: To those who say it's time to reform this organization, that it's time that the officers quit selling out the membership, I say to them, go to hell. Delegates to the convention were not persuaded by the attacks on the union leadership: They voted Fitzsimmons a 17 percent pay raise (bringing his salary to $516,250 a year) and re-elected him to a second full term. In the late fall of 1976, Fitzsimmons oversaw a 10-week strike at United Parcel Service. The strike, which affected 15 Eastern states and included 18,000 warehouse workers and drivers, ended after the union reached an agreement to give workers a 33 percent wage increase over three years and restrict the employer's ability to replace full-time workers with part-time employees. Fitzsimmons was investigated in 1976 for failing to perform his fiduciary duties as a trustee on the Teamsters' Central States Pension Fund, and forced to resign from the board of trustees in 1977. The U.S. Departments of Labor and Justice first began investigating the fund in January 1976. He was subpoenaed by both the U.S. Senate's Committee on Labor and Public Welfare and by the Labor Department, and testified in public and private regarding loans the pension fund made to certain mob-related businesses and the fund's operations. Although the Internal Revenue Service revoked the fund's non-profit status, the penalty was suspended after Fitzsimmons agreed to remove several trustees (which he did in September 1976). Fitzsimmons and Roy Lee Williams, director of the Central Conference of Teamsters, attempted to remain on the board, but were forced out in March 1977. Much of his final term as president was spent fighting deregulation of the trucking industry. Deregulation had first been proposed by President Gerald Ford in 1975, and President Jimmy Carter followed through by seeking and winning passage of the Motor Carrier Act of 1980. One of the last national negotiations Fitzsimmons oversaw was another national trucking contract. With deregulation moving forward, the negotiations (which began in early 1979) were particularly difficult. Fitzsimmons gambled and decided to engage in a series of whipsaw strikes in order to pressure the employers to agree to terms, but the trucking companies responded with a lockout on April 2. The Carter administration had imposed wage and price controls which sought to hold collective bargaining wage and benefit increases to 7.5 percent a year, but Fitzsimmons sought 10 percent a year. Four days into the labor dispute, layoffs in the automobile manufacturing industry reached 100,000, putting significant pressure on Fitzsimmons to lower his contract demands. The strike and lockout were a short one due to these pressures, and Fitzsimmons reached an agreement on April 11, 1979, which met the President's wage control guideline. After suffering shortness of breath at a Teamsters executive board meeting, Fitzsimmons underwent surgery in late December 1979 which removed a non-malignant tumor in his bronchial passage. In early January 1980, the "Los Angeles Herald-Examiner" published a story claiming that Fitzsimmons was suffering from abdominal cancer, setting off widespread rumors that Fitzsimmons was dying and that a power struggle over his succession was raging in the Teamsters. Fitzsimmons denied that he had cancer. Nonetheless, by July, Fitzsimmons admitted he had lung cancer and had undergone chemotherapy for the past seven months. However, he also declared himself cancer-free and fit to run for re-election in 1981. Fitzsimmons' cancer returned in January 1981, leading to repeated hospitalizations, tests, weight loss, hair loss, and bouts of depression. Although he returned to work in mid-March, he was so ill by early April that many felt he might not attend the union's executive board meeting later that month. Although the deadline for announcing his re-election bid was June 1, anonymous union officials believed he was so ill that he would announce his retirement before the board meeting. Planning began to name Ray Schoessling, the union's 75-year-old secretary-treasurer, interim president. As news of Fitzsimmons' deteriorating health spread, a number of union leaders began to fight to take over the union. Fitzsimmons' illness led to a significant deterioration in labor relations in the trucking industry. Deregulation had led to fierce competition and significantly lower rates in the industry, and a number of trucking companies let it be known that they would not pay the wage and benefit increases Fitzsimmons had negotiated two years before. Before entering the hospital again in late March, Fitzsimmons wrote a letter to the employers demanding that they adhere to the contract. On May 1, 1981, Roy Lee Williams announced his candidacy for the presidency of the Teamsters. Williams made it clear, however, that if Fitzsimmons' health improved he would back the ailing general president. Williams made his announcement after rumors spread that union officials had visited Fitzsimmons in the hospital in La Jolla, California, and Fitzsimmons had agreed to retire. Fitzsimmons died of lung cancer in San Diego, California, on May 6, 1981. He was survived by his second wife, Mary, and his four children. Only four mourners attended his funeral mass at Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church in Palm Desert, California. </doc> <doc id="2344445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344445" title="Servus"> Servus Servus (German: "Servus", Slovak: "Servus", Serbian: "Serbus" or "Servus" ("Сербус, Сервус"), Croatian: "Serbus" or "Servus", Hungarian: "Szervusz", Polish: "Serwus", Austrian: "Servus", Romanian: "Servus", Slovene: "Serbus" or "Servus", Czech: "Servus", Ukrainian: "Сервус") is a salutation used in many parts of Central and Eastern Europe. It is a word of greeting or parting like the Italian "Ciao". These words originate from "servus", the Latin word for servant or slave. ("Servus" is also the origin of the word "serf".) The phrase is an ellipsis of a Latin expression "servus humillimus, domine spectabilis", meaning "[your] most humble servant, [my] noble lord". No subservience is implied in its modern use, which has the force of "at your service". Use of this salute is roughly coincident with the boundaries of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire. It is especially popular in Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Romania (mostly in Transylvania), as well as in southern parts of Germany (Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg, Palatinate, middle and southern Hesse), northern Croatia, eastern Slovenia (mostly in Slovenian Styria), and western Ukraine. It may be rarely used in Czech Republic and Poland (where it is considered an archaism, not used in common speech). The word may be used as a greeting, a parting salutation, or as both, depending on the region and context. Despite its formal origins, "servus" is now used as an informal salute in Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg, Austria, Südtirol, Slovenia, Hungary and Romania.. In Hungarian, several shortened versions of "szervusz" remain popular, like "szevasz", "szia", and "szió". </doc> <doc id="2344450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344450" title="Montpelier (Orange, Virginia)"> Montpelier (Orange, Virginia) James Madison's Montpelier, located in Orange County, Virginia, was the plantation house of the Madison family, including fourth President of the United States, James Madison, and his wife Dolley. The property is open seven days a week with the mission of engaging the public with the enduring legacy of Madison's most powerful idea: government by the people. Montpelier was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966. It was included in the Madison-Barbour Rural Historic District in 1991. In 1983, the last private owner of Montpelier, Marion duPont Scott, bequeathed the estate to the National Trust for Historic Preservation. The National Trust for Historic Preservation (NTHP) has owned and operated the estate since 1984. In 2000, The Montpelier Foundation formed with the goal of transforming James Madison's historic estate into a dynamic cultural institution. From 2003–2008 the NTHP carried out a major restoration, in part to return the mansion to its original size of 22 rooms as it was during the years when it was occupied by James and Dolley Madison. Extensive interior and exterior work was done during the restoration. Archeological investigations in the 21st century revealed new information about African-American life at the plantation, and a gift from philanthropist David Rubenstein enabled the National Trust to restore the slave quarters in the South Yard and open a slavery exhibition, The Mere Distinction of Colour, in 2017. In 1723, James Madison's grandfather, Ambrose Madison, and his brother-in-law, Thomas Chew, received a patent for of land in the Piedmont of Virginia. Ambrose, his wife Frances Madison, and their three children moved to the plantation in 1732, naming it Mount Pleasant. (Archaeologists have located this first site near the Madison Family Cemetery.) Ambrose died six months later; according to court records, he was poisoned by three enslaved African slaves. At the time, Ambrose Madison held 29 slaves and close to . After his death, Frances managed the estate with the help of their son, Colonel James Madison, Sr. Madison, Sr., expanded the plantation to include building services and blacksmithing in the 1740s, and bought additional slaves to cultivate tobacco and other crops. He married Nelly Conway Madison (1731–1829) and had 12 children. James Madison, Sr.'s first-born son, also named James, was born on March 16, 1751 at Belle Grove, his mother's family estate in Port Conway, where she had returned for his birth. James Madison spent his early years at Mount Pleasant. In the early 1760s, Madison, Sr., built a new house half a mile away, which structure forms the heart of the main house at Montpelier today. Built around 1764, it has two stories of brick laid in a Flemish bond pattern, and a low, hipped roof with chimney stacks at both ends. His son James Madison later stated that he remembered helping move furniture to the new home. The building of Montpelier represents Phase 1 (1764–1797) of the construction. Upon completion, the Madisons owned one of the largest brick dwellings in Orange County. Phase 2 (1797–1800) of construction began in 1797, after the son James Madison returned to Montpelier with his new wife Dolley Madison. He was then 39 and she was a young widow with a child. At this time Madison added a thirty-foot extension and a Tuscan portico to the house. Madison's widowed mother, Nelly, still resided in the house following the death of her husband, James, Sr., in 1801. In the last period of construction, Phase 3 (1809–1812), Madison had a large drawing room added, as well as one-story wings at each end of the house and he directed construction of single-story flat-roofed extensions at either end of the house; these provided space for the separate household of the newlyweds James and Dolley Madison. After his second term as president, in 1817 Madison retired there full-time with his wife Dolley. James Madison died in 1836 and is buried in the family cemetery at Montpelier. His widow Dolley Madison moved back to Washington, D.C., in 1837 after his death. In 1844 she sold the plantation to Henry W. Moncure. After Dolley Madison died in 1849, she was buried in Washington, D.C., and later re-interred at Montpelier near her husband James. After Dolley Madison sold the estate to Henry W. Moncure in 1844, the property was held by a total of six additional owners before the du Ponts bought Montpelier in 1901. The various owners and the dates associated with the site include: Benjamin Thornton (1848–1854), William H. Macfarland (1854–1855), Alfred V. Scott (1855–1857), Thomas J. Carson and Frank Carson (1857–1881), Louis F. Detrick and William L. Bradley (1881–1900) and Charles King Lennig (1900). The origins of the name Montpelier are uncertain, but the first recorded use of the name comes from a 1781 James Madison letter. Madison personally liked the French spelling of the name "Montpellier". The city of Montpellier, France, was a famous resort. Clues from letters and visitor descriptions suggest these origins of the plantation's name. The work of Montpelier was done primarily by its about 100 enslaved African slaves during James Madison's tenure as owner. Slaves served in a variety of roles: field workers, domestic servants in charge of cleaning, cooking, and care of clothing; and as artisans for the mill, forge, wheelwright, and other carpentry and woodworking. During the time that the Madisons owned the estate, "five, six, and possibly seven generations of African Americans were born into slavery at Montpelier." The most well-known slave from Montpelier was Paul Jennings, Madison's body servant from 1817-1835. When Jennings went to the White House at age 10, he served at table and did other work. Daniel Webster purchased Jennings and allowed him to work to pay off his freedom, but this was unrelated to the death of James or Dolley Madison.Born in 1799, Jennings was purchased from Dolley Madison and freed in 1845 by the northern senator Daniel Webster after Madison's death. Jennings continued to live in Washington, DC, where he worked and became a property owner. In 1848 he helped plan the largest slave escape in United States history, as 77 slaves from the Washington, DC area took to "The Pearl," a schooner, intending to sail up the Chesapeake Bay to a free state. They were captured and most were sold to the Deep South. Jennings was noted for his account of Madison, "A Colored Man’s Reminiscences of James Madison" (1865), which is considered the first White House memoir. Archaeological research and documentary analysis has revealed much about the life of Montpelier-born slave, Catherine Taylor (ca. 1820 – after 1889). Catherine married Ralph Taylor, a house slave, and had four children with him. When Dolley Madison moved to Washington, D.C. in the years after James Madison's death, Ralph was chosen to accompany her to serve her in the capital. Dolley kept Catherine at Montpelier for several months after she brought Ralph to D.C., and then brought Catherine to D.C. later Dolley Madison transferred (or deeded), most of the enslaved people to her son, John Payne Todd. He stipulated in his will that upon his death, the slaves would be manumitted. However, due to legal and financial complications after Todd's death, the slaves were not manumitted. The Taylors petitioned James C. Maguire, the administrator of the estate, for their freedom. After being officially freed in 1853, they chose to live in Washington, which had a large free black community and opportunities for varied work. The Montpelier staff continues to research the enslaved community by a variety of methods: studying historical documents such as court records and autobiographies, conducting archaeological excavations, contacting current descendants, and document the contributions and sacrifices of the enslaved community. After some renovations in the later 19th century (c. 1855 and c. 1880), the house was acquired in 1901 by William and Annie Rogers duPont, of the duPont family. A horse enthusiast, William duPont built barns, stables, and other buildings for equestrian use. The duPonts were among several wealthy families in the Upper South who were influential in the development of Thoroughbred horse racing in the United States. The duPont family also added a Hodgson House to the property. These were known as "America's First Organized Prefabricated House Manufacturer before Aladdin, Sears, and Montgomery Ward," emphasizing that the homes could technically be built in a day. Still located on Montpelier's property, it is now known as the "Bassett House." William and Annie had a daughter, Marion duPont, and a son William duPont, Jr. Upon William duPont, Sr.'s death in 1928, William duPont, Jr. inherited the family's Bellevue estate in Delaware, whereupon he had the estate's mansion converted into a replica of Montpelier (now preserved as a state park), and Marion inherited the Montpelier estate. Marion preserved much of the core of the Madison home, gardens, and grounds as a legacy for all Americans. After her father's death, Marion made only one change to the house; she remodeled her parents' music room in the latest Art Deco style, using modern and innovative materials such as laminated plywood, chrome, glass block, and plate glass mirrors. A weather vane was installed on the ceiling, which allowed wind direction to direct the hounds for fox hunting. An exact replica of the Art Deco room can be seen in the DuPont Gallery, in the Visitors' Center at Montpelier. Prior to her parents moving into the property, they enlarged the house considerably, adding wings that more than doubled the number of rooms to 55. Her parents also had the brick covered with a stucco exterior for a lighter look. In 1934 Marion and her brother William founded the Montpelier Hunt Races, to be held on the grounds. Natural hedges were used as jumps for the steeplechase. The races continue to be held annually, the first Saturday each November. Marion duPont Scott died in 1983 and bequeathed the property to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, with $10 million as an endowment to buy and maintain it. Her father's will had stated that if she died childless, the property would go to her brother William duPont, Jr. and his children. As he had died in 1965, his five children legally inherited the property. In 1984 the heirs of Marion duPont Scott, in accordance with her wishes, transferred ownership of Montpelier to the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Since the National Trust for Historic Preservation took ownership in 1984, the organization has worked to restore Montpelier to the Madison era. It has paid tribute to Marion duPont Scott's influence by retaining one of her favorite rooms in the newly renovated and expanded Visitor's Center, along with the annual Montpelier Hunt Races. In 2000, the National Trust established Montpelier as a co-stewardship property, administered by The Montpelier Foundation. The Robert H. Smith Center for the Constitution provided an Education Center for students and teachers. It sponsors the "We the People" program to promote the understanding of civics for upper elementary and secondary students, along with national and state programs for teachers, such as the National Advanced Content Seminars, which focuses on historical content and teaching methods. In conjunction with the James Madison University Field School, Montpelier has been the site of annual, seasonal archeological excavations from April to November. Under a four-year collaborative research grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities, four quarters have been excavated related to the lives of enslaved African Americans: including the Stable Quarter (2009), South and Kitchen Yards (2011), Tobacco Barn Quarter (2012), and Field Quarter (2013). The excavations have revealed early structures in those areas, including possible slave quarters, as well as a variety of artifacts dating to the Madison residency and their slaves. The artifacts are helping researchers form a much broader and deeper picture of the lives of the slaves at Montpelier. "The four residential locations provide a unique opportunity to compare and contrast the conditions of chattel slavery of the period. Differences and similarities between these locations – particularly architectural styles and household goods such as ceramics, glassware, and clothing items – reflect the relationship of individual households to each other, the community to which they belong, their relationship to the overarching plantation complex, and regional patterns of both market access and cultural traditions. From 2003–2008 the National Trust carried out a $25 million restoration to return the mansion to its 1820 state; it is again less than half the size of the expanded residence created by the DuPont family. The National Trust is conducting a search for furnishings either original to the property or of its era. A $25 million restoration project launched in October 2003 was completed on Constitution Day, September 17, 2008. A Restoration Celebration was held with major funding by National Trust Community Investment Corporation. The restoration returned Montpelier to its 1820 appearance: it demolished additions made to the house by the duPont family, removed the stucco exterior to reveal the original brick, restored the original brick exterior, and reconstructed the house's interior as it appeared during Madison's tenure as owner. Authentic materials were used in the restoration, including horsehair plaster, and paint containing linseed oil and chalk. The Collections staff and archaeologists are working to understand the decorations of each room and recreate room settings as closely as possible to what the Madisons knew. A wing in the visitors' center has been dedicated to the duPont family. It includes a restored art deco Red Room from the Marion duPont Scott era, moved from the mansion and permanently installed here. In 2017, Montpelier added to its existing interpretations of slavery – including the Gilmore Cabin and the Jim Crow–era Train Station, both of which are permanent installations – with the opening of the exhibition, "The Mere Distinction of Colour". This exhibition, funded by a donation from philanthropist David Rubenstein, explores the history and legacies of American slavery both at Montpelier and nationwide. "The Mere Distinction of Colour" spans the cellars of the Madison house, the south cellar exploring the Montpelier slavery story, and the north cellar analyzing the economics and legacies of slavery. The exhibition is the culmination of decades of archaeological and documentary research conducted by Montpelier staff and advisors. One of the unique features of this exhibition is that it was guided by living descendants of the slaves who once inhabited Montpelier and the surrounding area. Montpelier has an active descendant community, some of whom have genealogical proof of their ancestry, and others who are connected through oral histories that have been passed down through generations. The South Cellar details the Montpelier story of slavery, complete with the voices of descendants and the names of everyone known to be enslaved on the property throughout the Madison ownership. The North Cellar analyses the national slave narrative, talking about how slavery become institutionalized in American society and how profitable the slave trade was for all of the colonies, not exclusively the south. The unguided "Mere Distinction of Colour" installation is free with the purchase of any tour ticket, and is open to the public 7 days a week. Montpelier is open to visitors Monday through Sunday except Thanksgiving and Christmas, with the following hours: January – March: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m, April – October: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., November – December: 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Montpelier includes the a Hands-on-Restoration-Tent open from April–October; Hands-on-Archaeology Lab and Kid-Sized Archaeology open daily; Hands-on-Cooking offered April–October; Civil War and Gilmore Farm Trail open daily; and, the Archaeology Dig open April–October. Visitors can also walk around the James Madison Landmark Forest, a 200-acre (0.81 km2) stand of old growth forest. Montpelier is the site of many annual events. Three particularly draw large crowds: the Montpelier Hunt Races, Wine Festival, and the Fiber Festival. The annual Montpelier Hunt Races, an autumn steeplechase event, were started by Marion duPont Scott and her brother William duPont, Jr. in 1934. The races are held the first Saturday in November. Montpelier has one of the few steeplechase tracks in the country that use traditional hedgerows for jumps. Montpelier hosts seven races at this event. Guests may watch the races directly at the rail for a close experience. The Montpelier Wine Festival showcases distinctive arts and crafts, specialty food vendors, local agricultural products, and Virginia wine from approximately 25 different wineries in the state. The Fall Fiber Festival is held each October and is a popular regional event. The event showcases every aspect of textile manufacturing, from the production of wool to the finished product. Events include sheep shearing, craft demos, and a host of other activities. The most popular feature of the Fall Fiber Festival is the Sheep Dog Trials. Other events include: summer programs for children, such as the "Mud Camp," a barbecue held in the summer with local barbecue cuisine, Archaeology Expeditions, civil war demonstrations, and, in December, a candlelight tour of Montpelier in the evening. A forest on the property known as the Montpelier Forest (also known as the Landmark Forest) was designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service in 1987. The forest was recognized as being one of the best examples of a mature Piedmont forest dominated by tulip poplar and spicebush; various species of oak and hickory are also common in the forest. The relatively undisturbed forest contains several trees up to 300 years old. Ideal growing conditions at the site, including fertile soils, allow for the trees to attain great size; tulip poplars attain heights of up to by the time they reach 50 years of age, and some trees have been measured to have diameters of up to . </doc> <doc id="2344452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344452" title="Woltjer (crater)"> Woltjer (crater) Woltjer is an impact crater that is located in the northern latitudes of the Moon's far side. It is just attached to the southern outer rim of the larger crater Montgolfier. To the southwest is Schneller and to the east is Stoletov. It is named after astronomer Jan Woltjer. This is a relatively recent impact compared to most of the craters on the far side, and the rim is still well-formed with little erosion. It is old enough, however, that its albedo matches its surroundings and it lacks a ray system. The inner wall has slumped in places and formed piles of talus along the south. The interior floor has two lines of low ridges that begin in the southeast and curve up to the northwestern inner wall. There is a level patch in the southern floor near the inner wall. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Woltjer. </doc> <doc id="2344454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344454" title="Rally for Mali"> Rally for Mali The Rally for Mali (French "Rassemblement pour le Mali") is a Malian political party created by Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta in June 2001. In 2013, Keita was elected President of Mali following several attempts, and the party took first place in parliamentary elections, winning 66 seats, although not enough for a majority. In October 2000, Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, the former prime minister of Mali, resigned from incumbent President Alpha Oumar Konaré's party, the Alliance for Democracy in Mali-African Party for Solidarity and Justice (ADEMA-PASJ), over which he had presided since 1994. With activists and executives in tow, Keïta created the movement Alternative 2002 in February 2001 to back his bid for president. The Rally for Mali followed in June. In the first round of the presidential election, held in April 2002, Keïta won 21.04% of the vote, finishing third, after the official candidate of the ADEMA-PASJ, Soumaïla Cissé, and the winner, Mali's next president, Amadou Toumani Touré. Along with the National Congress for Democratic Initiative ("Congrès national d’initiative démocratique") (CNID) and the Patriotic Movement for Revival ("Mouvement patriotique pour le renouveau") (MPR), Rally for Mali was part of the Hope 2002 coalition ("Espoir 2002") for the 2002 legislative elections. After those elections, Rally for Mali became the second biggest political party in Mali, with 45 deputies. The Rally won roughly 13% of the vote in municipal elections of May 30, 2004. In January 2007, Keïta was again designated as the party's candidate for the April 2007 presidential election. In the election, he took second place behind Touré, receiving 19.15% of the vote. The RPM, part of the opposition Front for Democracy and the Republic (FDR), won 11 out of 147 seats in the July 2007 parliamentary election. The Rally for Mali finally won presidential and parliamentary elections in 2013, when Mali transitioned back to democracy following a military coup. The symbol of the party is the weaver. The Rally for Mali is a full member of the Socialist International. </doc> <doc id="2344455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344455" title="Karel Klíč"> Karel Klíč Karel Václav Klíč (sometimes written Karl Klietsch, 30 May 1841, Hostinné - 16 November 1926, Vienna) was a Czech painter, photographer, early comics artist , caricaturist, lithographer and illustrator. He was one of the inventors of photogravure ("heliogravura" in Czech). Klíč has such artistic talent that he was admitted into the Art Academy in Prague at the age of 14. For ridiculing school officials he was soon expelled, but eventually finished the school in 1862. Klíč worked as a photographer, caricaturist and illustrator in Brno, Budapest and Vienna, all the time trying to improve the technology of picture reproduction. During a long night in 1877, while working with zinc relief etching, he discovered, by chance, a process leading to photogravure. He further improved the process in 1890, when working in England. </doc> <doc id="2344457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344457" title="Thomas Sutcliffe Mort"> Thomas Sutcliffe Mort Thomas Sutcliffe Mort (23 December 18169 May 1878) was an Australian industrialist responsible for improving refrigeration of meat. He was renowned for speculation in the local pastoral industry as well as industrial activities such as his Ice-Works in Sydney's Darling Harbour and dry dock and engineering works at Balmain. Mort was born in Bolton, Lancashire, England in 1816. In 1878, he was associated with the Australian Mutual Provident Society. In 1849, he was one of a committee, which funded a company to promote sugar growing at Moreton Bay. In 1850 Mort was a member of the Sydney Exchange Co, and in 1851 he was a director of the Sydney Railway Co. and was also involved in mining (gold, later also copper and coal) and other enterprises. In the 1850s, he opened Mort's Dock in Sydney, a business that was not as successful as he wished. Mort returned to England for a visit in 1857–59. During that visit he bought many furnishings, pictures and other goods, in particular at a sale of the possessions of the Earl of Shrewsbury. He commissioned the architect Edmund Blacket to build a house to add to his house to display the new possessions. His gallery was open to the public. From 1856, Mort began acquiring land near Moruya on the south coast of New South Wales. In 1860, Mort acquired the Bodalla estate near the mouth of the Tuross River. Mort eventually owned in the district, a very substantial holding in that fertile area. Bodalla is alleged to have been originally known as 'Boat Alley'. Mort's vision for Bodalla was as a country estate to retire on and to demonstrate model land utilisation and rural settlement. Mort wished to have a tenanted dairy estate run as an integrated whole. Mort replaced the beef cattle that had been farmed there and carried out extensive improvements including clearing land, draining river swamps, erecting fences, laying out farms, sowing imported grasses, and providing milking sheds, cheese and butter-making equipment. Butter and cheese were produced for the Sydney market. By the 1870s, the tenants were disgruntled sharefarmers and the estate was in Mort's control again run as three farms with hired labour. In 1866, Mort expanded his dry dock into an engineering works. Mort offered shares to his employees and in 1875, the company was incorporated with limited liability having been managed beforehand by a committee that included four leading hands. This was one of the earliest attempts at co-operation between capital and labour in Australia, and although the effort at sharing ownership was only partially successful, Mort always had good relations with his employees. Also in the mid-1860s, Mort had been looking at refrigeration as a way of developing manufacturing orders, to ensure better access to the Sydney market for the butter and cheese he was producing at Bodalla and to offset the vulnerability of being exposed to falling wool prices. Mort financed experiments by Eugene Dominic Nicolle, a French born engineer who had arrived in Sydney in 1853 and registered his first ice-making patent in 1861. In 1861 Mort established at Darling Harbour the first freezing works in the world, which afterwards became the New South Wales Fresh Food and Ice Company. The first trial shipment of frozen meat to London was in 1868. Although their machinery was never used in the frozen meat trade, Mort and Nicolle developed commercially viable systems for domestic trade, although the financial return on that investment was not a great success for Mort. As a part of his refrigeration works, Mort developed a large abattoir at Lithgow where sheep and cattle from western New South Wales were slaughtered and refrigerated for later transport. In 1875, to mark his achievements in the refrigeration techniques, Mort arranged a picnic for 300 guests. He organised a special train from Sydney and fed his guests food that had been refrigerated at his plant for over 18 months. Mort was a prominent Anglican layman. He donated the land for St Mark's Church, Darling Point, and commissioned Edmund Blacket to design the church. Mort contributed to the upkeep of the church and also to the building of St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney and St Paul's College, University of Sydney. He was also the founder of Christ Church School in Pitt Street, Sydney. He died at Bodalla, on 9 May 1878. At the time of his death he was spoken of as "the greatest benefactor the working classes in this country ever had". Within a week of Mort's death from pneumonia at Bodalla, a meeting of working men in Sydney had resolved to show the esteem and respect in which they held his memory. A sculpture in Macquarie Place by Pierce Connolly resulted from their resolution and was unveiled in 1883. Mort is also commemorated by All Saints Church, Bodalla, built in his honour by his family, to a design by Blacket, using granite quarried on Mort's property. The foundation stone was laid by Marianne Mort, Thomas' second wife, on 18 March 1880. It was completed in 1901. The church has one of seven small Henry Willis & Sons organs, built in 1881 and installed the following year. The church cost A₤13,000 to construct. Mort's business "Mort & Co." became "Mort & Co Ltd" in 1883. Mort & Co Ltd merged with R Goldsbrough & Co Ltd in 1888 to form "Goldsbrough Mort & Co Ltd." This firm traded from 1888–1963 when a merger formed "Elder Smith Goldsbrough Mort Ltd" which traded from 1963 – 1982. The present day business is "Elders Limited". The southern Sydney suburb of Mortdale and its main road, Morts Road, are named after him. </doc> <doc id="2344463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344463" title="Wood (crater)"> Wood (crater) Wood is a lunar impact crater that lies entirely within the interior of the much larger walled plain Landau, on the far side of Moon. Wood is situated along the northwestern part of the floor of Landau, and shares a common northwestern rim with the larger impact. The inner wall of the northwest rim extends inward about halfway toward the crater midpoint, where there is a central peak. The rim of Wood is somewhat worn and uneven, with a small crater laid across the southwest section. The surviving interior floor is nearly level and is marked only by a few tiny craterlets. Wood lies at the approximate margin of the Coulomb-Sarton Basin, a 530 km wide impact crater of Pre-Nectarian age. By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Wood. </doc> <doc id="2344465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344465" title="Kurt Schneider (aviator)"> Kurt Schneider (aviator) Leutnant Kurt Schneider (4 October 1888 – 14 July 1917) was a German World War I flying ace credited with 15 aerial victories. Kurt Schneider was born in Wurzen, Kingdom of Saxony, the German Empire on 4 October 1888. He began his World War I military service in Germany's land forces, winning an Iron Cross Second Class on 15 March 1915. Later in 1915 he joined the "Luftstreitkräfte" and was a founding member of "Jasta 5" upon its establishment in August 1916. Schneider's exploits earned him an Albert Order on 13 January 1917. He scored his first aerial victory on 17 March 1917; by 29 April his tally was at 12, including three observation balloons. He ascended to temporary command of the squadron on 6 May 1917. By the time he was wounded and forced to land on 5 June, his victory total was 15 confirmed, and one unverified. After his return to action, he was again forced to land with wounds on 14 July 1917. He did not survive. He was awarded the Military Order of St. Henry ten days after his death. Categor </doc> <doc id="2344468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344468" title="Battle of Baekgang"> Battle of Baekgang The Battle of Baekgang or Battle of Baekgang-gu, also known as Battle of Hakusukinoe ( "Hakusuki-no-e no Tatakai" or "Hakusonkō no Tatakai") in Japan, as Battle of Baijiangkou ( "Bāijiāngkǒu Zhīzhàn") in China, was a battle between Baekje restoration forces and their ally, Yamato Japan, against the allied forces of Silla and the Tang dynasty of ancient China. The battle took place in the lower reaches of the Geum River in Jeollabuk-do province, Korea. The Silla-Tang forces won a decisive victory, compelling Yamato Japan to withdraw completely from Korean affairs and crushing the Baekje restoration movement. In the first half of the first millennium CE, the Korean Peninsula was divided into three kingdoms – Baekje, Silla, and Goguryeo. These three kingdoms were rivals, and had engaged each other in wars for dominion over the peninsula for several centuries. In addition to the inter-Korean rivalry, Goguryeo had been engaged in frequent warfare with the Chinese Sui and Tang dynasties. While the three Korean kingdoms were not always military enemies, their alliances frequently shifted; a kingdom would become allies with one of the other two, only to later turn against that kingdom and (sometimes) become allies with the other kingdom against whom it had fought earlier. For example, Silla and Baekje would be allied against Goguryeo (as they were from the late 420s to the early 550s), and later Silla (or Baekje) would betray the other (as happened in 553, when Silla wrested control of the entire Han River basin from Baekje). By 660 CE, this state of affairs had been going on for some 3–4 centuries. Silla had an ongoing alliance with the Tang dynasty dating roughly to the Tang rise to power in the 620s. The Tang made a series of assaults against Goguryeo, but were never able to conquer it. All the Tang invasions had been from the north attacking the south. Tang decided that the best strategy might be to attack Goguryeo from both the northern front and a southern front simultaneously with their ally Silla. However, in order to do so, they (Tang and Silla) had to eliminate Baekje (at the time allied to Goguryeo) and secure a base of operations in southern Korea for a second front. The military campaign against Baekje began in 660 CE. Together, Silla and Tang invaded Baekje and effectively eliminated it when they captured the capital of Sabi, Baekje's last king Uija, and most of the royal family. Soon afterwards, however, the Baekje people revolted and threw off Silla and Tang rule in large areas of northern Baekje. The Baekje general Boksin attempted to take back the 40 lost counties still under Silla-Tang control. He also recalled Prince Buyeo Pung from Japan, sent 100 Tang prisoners to the Yamato court, and requested military aid. General Boksin proclaimed Prince Buyeo Pung as the new king of Baekje. Although the restoration forces had some initial success against Tang and Silla troops, by 662, they were in serious trouble, and their area of control was confined to the fortress of Churyu and its immediate vicinity. As their situation went from bad to worse, Buyeo Pung had Boksin killed for fear of insurrection. Baekje and Yamato Japan had been long-standing allies by this time, and their royal houses were related. The fall of Baekje in 660 came as a terrible shock to the Yamato royal court. Empress Saimei said: "We learn that in ancient times there have been cases of troops being asked for and assistance requested: to render help in emergencies, and to restore that which has been interrupted, is a manifestation of ordinary principles of right. The Land of Baekje, in its extremity, has come to us and placed itself in our hands. Our resolution in this matter is unshakable. We will give separate orders to our generals to advance at the same time by a hundred routes." Crown Prince Naka no Ōe, later to become Emperor Tenji, and Empress Saimei decided to dispatch an expeditionary force led by Abe no Hirafu (阿倍比羅夫) to help the besieged Baekje restoration forces. The troops were largely local strongmen ("kuni no miyatsuko") drawn from mostly western Honshū, Shikoku, and especially Kyūshū, although some warriors were also from Kantō and northeastern Japan. Empress Saimei moved the capital to the Asakura temporary palace near the shipyards in northern Kyūshū to personally oversee the military campaign. As the main fleet set sail, the "Man'yōshū" records Empress Saimei composing a tanka: The Empress died in Tsukushi shortly after the last waves of Yamato troops departed for Korea. The Crown Prince (Tenji) carried her remains back to Asuka. Tenji, dressed in white mourning clothes, set up his residence in the Nagatsu temporary palace in Kyūshū, and continued to oversee the expeditionary operation. Around August 661 CE, 5,000 soldiers, 170 ships, and the general Abe no Hirafu all arrived in territory controlled by the Baekje restoration forces. Additional Japanese reinforcements, including 27,000 soldiers led by "Kamitsukeno no Kimi Wakako" (上毛野君稚子) and 10,000 soldiers led by "Iohara no Kimi" (廬原君), arrived in 662. In 663 CE, Baekje restoration forces and the Yamato navy convened in southern Baekje with the intent to relieve the capital of the Baekje restoration movement in Churyu, which was under siege by Silla forces. The Yamato navy was to ferry ground troops to Churyu via the Geum river and lift the siege. However, Tang also sent 7,000 soldiers and 170 ships to blockade Yamato reinforcements from relieving the capital. On 27 August 663, the advance guard of the Japanese fleet tried to force their way, but Tang ships held firm, repelling the attacks and maintaining disciplined ranks. On 28 August 663, the second day of the battle, the arrival of Japanese reinforcements made their forces several times larger than the Tang fleet arrayed against them. However, the river was narrow enough where the Tang fleet could cover their front and protect their flanks as long as they maintained their ordered battle lines. The Japanese were confident in their numerical superiority and attacked the Tang fleet at least three times throughout the entire day, but the Tang fought off each attack. Towards the end of the day, the Japanese became exhausted, and their fleet lost cohesion through their repeated attempts to break through Tang lines. Sensing the right moment, the Tang fleet moved reserves and counterattacked, breaking both the left and right flanks of the Japanese, enveloping their fleet and crowding in the ships so they could not move or retreat. Many Japanese fell into the water and drowned, and many of their ships were burned and sunk. The Yamato general Echi no Takutsu was killed after striking down more than a dozen men in close quarters combat. Japanese, Korean, and Chinese sources all point to heavy Japanese casualties. According to the "Nihon Shoki", 400 Japanese ships were lost in the battle. Chinese sources claim 10,000 Japanese deaths. Silla participation in the battle involved cavalry forces that defeated Baekje restoration ground troops which were supporting the Yamato navy on the banks of the river. It is not clear whether or not this took place before or during the time that the Japanese navy went to battle the Tang ships. On 7 September 663, without Yamato troops to lift the siege, the fortress of Churyu surrendered to Silla and Tang forces. Buyeo Pung took a boat and fled with several followers to Goguryeo. The Battle of Baekgang was Japan's greatest defeat in its premodern history. Japan's losses were enormous. Japan also lost a key ally on the East Asian continent in Baekje as well as a direct link to continental technology and culture. Due to the scale and severity of their defeat, the Yamato court feared an invasion from either or both Tang or Silla. In response, they built a huge network of shore fortifications throughout the rest of the 600s. In 664, the Yamato court established frontier guards and signal fires in Tsushima Island, Iki Island, and northern Kyushu. Also, embankments storing water were built around the fortresses in Kyushu, which were collectively called the Water Fortress. In 665, the Yamato court sent Baekje generals and artisans to construct a rampart in Nagato province, and two ramparts in Kyūshū. In 667, a rampart was constructed in the Yamato region, another one at Sanuki, and yet another at Tsushima island. Unaware of the outbreak of the Silla-Tang War (670-676), the Japanese would continue to build fortifications until 701, after finding out that Silla was no longer friendly with Tang. For Baekje, the battle was the knockout blow that ended any hope of reviving the kingdom. Many Baekje people fled to either Goguryeo or Japan. Baekje royalty who fled to Japan were given the same ranks and titles in the Yamato court and non-royal Baekje refugees were given "de facto" citizenship status or special artisan status. The victory gave Tang control of all former Baekje lands in Korea and a secure base in southwest Korea to launch a two-pronged invasion of Goguryeo with their ally Silla. The Silla–Tang alliance first launched attacks on Goguryeo from the south in 661, and the Goguryeo capital at Pyongyang finally fell in 668. In the same year, Tang established the Protectorate General to Pacify the East to control the Korean Peninsula. The battle introduces interesting questions regarding Japan's relations with the Korean states and their level of development at the time. For example, why did the Japanese fare so badly against the Tang army? According to several scholars, it is clear that, in the 7th century at least, the Chinese had better weapons and, more importantly, their troops and officers were better trained and disciplined. Despite years of reforms modeled after mainland examples from China, the Yamato armies did not adopt the organized infantry tactics of Chinese armies. Furthermore, Yamato Japan was still a nascent and developing state run in practice by local strongmen (although in theory by the royal court) and without any real form of unified command. In addition, Japanese soldiers were drawn from many corners by local "strongmen" that controlled their own territories (in an early form of feudalism). Among the Japanese, any standardization in either weapons or unit tactics is believed to have been minimal at best. Many scholars have also puzzled over why Yamato went through so much effort to protect Baekje. Bruce Batten summarized: "Why the Japanese should have thrown themselves with such vigor into a war that, if not quite an intramural Korean conflict, had at least no direct bearing on Japanese territory, is not easy to answer." The battle, as well as all the preparation behind it, clearly illustrates (aside from any other documentation) the strong ties between Yamato Japan and Baekje of Korea transcending the usual interstate military, political, or economic interests. The linguist J. Marshall Unger suggests, based on linguistic evidence, that Baekje could represent a remnant proto-Japanese or para-Japanese community, which had stayed behind on the Korean peninsula after the Yayoi migrations, but still maintained a conscious connection to the Yayoi people and their descendants. In any case, the phenomenon of elite refugees fleeing political conflict on the peninsula and settling in Yamato had been recurring in waves since at least the 5th century. </doc> <doc id="2344475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344475" title="REGI"> REGI REGI may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344484" title="Berberis microphylla"> Berberis microphylla Berberis microphylla, common name box-leaved barberry and Magellan barberry, in Spanish calafate and michay and other names, is an evergreen shrub, with simple, shiny box-like leaves. The Calafate is native to southern Argentina and Chile and is a symbol of Patagonia. The bush grows to a height of . It has many arching branches, each covered in many tripartite spines. The bush has many small yellow flowers in summer. Its edible blue-black berries are harvested for jams, but are eaten fresh too - a legend tells that anyone who eats a calafate berry will be certain to return to Patagonia. The calafate is grown commercially for its fruit, potential medical uses and as a garden plant or bonsai. Its wood is used to make a red dye. The cultivar "Berberis microphylla" 'Nana' is widely available as a garden shrub, and is also used in commercial plantings as a low spiny hedge to discourage intruders, but it does not fruit. "Berberis microphylla" should not be confused with "Mahonia microphylla" , native to China. </doc> <doc id="2344488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344488" title="Speculum al foderi"> Speculum al foderi Speculum al foder (sometimes known as "The Mirror of Coitus" or literally "a mirror to fuck") is a 15th-century Catalan anonim text discovered in the 1970s. This text is significant as it is a rare example of known Medieval treatise describing the art of sexual positions (others examples include Aretino's I Modi ["The Ways"], also known as "The Sixteen Pleasures"). </doc> <doc id="2344491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344491" title="David Moncoutié"> David Moncoutié David Moncoutié (born 30 April 1975) is a retired French professional road racing cyclist, who rode with the French team , for his entire professional career. He was a climber, and won his first professional race in a mountain stage of Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré. He won the Mountains Classification in Vuelta a España four times, one short of the record of five held by José Luis Laguía. David Moncoutié had no familial connection to cycling – he was raised in a football (soccer) loving family in which nobody had raced a bike. Moncoutié played football until he was 16 before being introduced to cycling by a friend. He gained his baccalauréat in biology. His father, mother and two sisters worked for the post office and wanted him to work there as well. Friends suggested he join them for a ride. He said: "They all had beautiful racing bikes, I had a sports bike that was nothing to talk about... and I dropped them right from the start. I said to myself,' "Tiens", you're not going to be too bad!' and I joined the Entente Vélocipédique Bretenous-Bars, my village in the Lot. I won from my second race." He continued playing football but abandoned it when cycling took over at 19. He had dreamed of winning a mountain stage in the Tour de France after watching the Colombian rider, Luis Herrera outride Europeans in the Tour in the 1980s. Moncoutié was a boy and thought anybody could turn up and ride the Tour. In 1995 he joined the club at Blagnac, the airport district of Toulouse where Airbus builds aircraft, and took his exams to join the rest of his family in the post office. He is known as a humble person, and many have compared his mentality to that of a recreational cyclist who enjoys riding his bicycle. In the past he has been criticised for lacking aggressiveness and for haplessness. For a while he was not able to put on a rain cape without having to put his feet on the ground. The magazine "Vélo" said he had a "calm and a lucidity, a way of talking openly, something too of a rage hidden behind a smile, for him, a little painful." He is known as a "clean" cyclist who relies on homeopathy. François Migraine of Cofidis said: "Everyone is more or less unanimous that David Moncoutié doesn't dabble [in drugs]. I would have 10 of him in the team if I could. He wins three races a year and he still manages to finish in the UCI's top 50. It goes to show that you don't have to dabble in drugs to have a career in cycling." When Cofidis was at the centre of a doping scandal in 2004, one of those at the centre of events, Philippe Gaumont, wrote that Moncoutie did not follow most riders in taking drugs. His team-mates have joked that while they are eager to try the latest and lightest equipment, Moncoutié would be happy riding on wooden wheels. Moncoutié said: "Equipment, even the latest technology, that's not my thing. What I like is to be on my bike and to ride. That's when I'm happy." His directeur sportif, Eric Boyer, said: He was seen at Blagnac by the team manager, Cyrille Guimard, who offered him a place at , a French team sponsored by a money-lending company. He joined in 1997 and has ridden for the team ever since. Moncoutié said: He finished 13th in the Tour de France in 2002, saying: "I'm not capable of following the leaders." He finished 43rd in 2003, shaken by the speed. He said: His breakthrough was when he won a stage of the 2004 edition of Tour de France to Figeac. The following Tour de France he won the stage from Briançon to Digne-les-Bains on Bastille Day, guaranteeing him a place in the hearts of French fans. Moncoutié said: "A single stage, that could seem a bit thin but for me, that's enough. The emotion that I felt was enormous. In one day, I had saved my Tour." For the next twelve years, no French rider was able to repeat the feat of winning a Tour de France stage on the Bastille Day, until Warren Barguil did so in 2017. He won a stage in the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré in 1999, the Tour de l'Avenir in 2000, the Tour of Limousin (2001), the Critérium International (2002) and the Tour of the Mediterranean (2003). He won the 2010 Vuelta a España stage 8 in a mountaintop finishing in Xorret de Cati that included five mountain passes. He crossed the finish line solo and celebrated a prestigious victory. </doc> <doc id="2344496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344496" title="Experience Hendrix: The Best of Jimi Hendrix"> Experience Hendrix: The Best of Jimi Hendrix Experience Hendrix: The Best of Jimi Hendrix is a compilation album of Jimi Hendrix songs released in 1997. The single compact disc collects 20 songs spanning his career from his first recordings with the Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1966 to his last with Billy Cox and Mitch Mitchell in 1970. It is the first comprehensive collection of Hendrix's songs overseen by Experience Hendrix, a family company that took over management of his recording legacy in 1997. Fifteen songs with the Experience are included and five with Hendrix's later groups, often referred to as Gypsy Suns and Rainbows and the Cry of Love touring band. No songs from the "Band of Gypsys" lineup with Buddy Miles are included. In a review for AllMusic, Bruce Eder calls it the near "perfect single-CD Jimi Hendrix anthology". He notes that includes some of Hendrix's noteworthy later work, but lacks a couple of songs from his earlier "Smash Hits" compilation. The album reached number 18 in the UK and number 133 in the US. In 2006, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified it as "gold" for selling over 500,000 copies. The titles and running times are taken from the original "Experience Hendrix" CD release. Other releases may show different information. Bonus disc The album was also released in a two-CD limited edition. The bonus disc contains eight tracks, taken from "The Jimi Hendrix Experience" box set (2000). Photograph of front cover </doc> <doc id="2344507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344507" title="Prince Ōtsu"> Prince Ōtsu His mother was Princess Ōta whose father was Emperor Tenji. He was therefore the younger full-blood brother of Princess Ōku. His consort was Princess Yamanobe, daughter of Emperor Tenji, thus his cousin. His life is known from the "Nihon Shoki", and his personality emerges through such poetry anthologies as "Kaifūsō" and "Man'yōshū". As a poet, Ōtsu is best known for the letters he exchanged with Lady Ishikawa. Prince Ōtsu was a popular and able figure who was a likely successor of his father to the imperial throne, but was forced to commit suicide after false charges of rebellion were laid against him by Empress Jitō in order to promote her own son, Prince Kusakabe, to the position of crown prince. Two examples of his work are below, including the death poem— Poem sent by Prince Ōtsu to Lady Ishikawa Gentle foothills, and<br> in the dew drops of the mountains<br> soaked, I waited for you –<br> grew wet from standing there<br> in the dew drops of the mountains. Farewell poem <poem> Momozutau / iware no ike ni / naku kamo wo / kyo nomi mite ya / Kumokakuri nan. </poem> <poem> Today, taking my last sight of the mallards Crying on the pond of Iware, Must I vanish into the clouds! </poem> Japanese poet and scholar Shinobu Orikuchi featured a fictionalised version of Prince Ōtsu in his novel "Sisha no Sho" ("The Book of the Dead", also made into a film by Kihachirō Kawamoto) as a restless ghost kept on Earth by the memory of a young woman whose gaze he connected with just prior to his death. </doc> <doc id="2344510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344510" title="FEMM (duo)"> FEMM (duo) FEMM (sometimes recognized and an abbreviation for Far East Mention Mannequins) are a Japanese electronic dance music duo based in Japan, composed of RiRi and LuLa. The group signed with the Avex Group Holdings Inc. sub-record label Maximum10 and their distributing label Avex Music Creative Inc.; they signed a deal with London label JPU Records for European distributions. After a series of buzz singles between 2013 and 2014, FEMM released their debut studio album "Femm-Isation" in October 2014 as a digital release. FEMM's major debut and first physical release, "Pow!/L.C.S.", was released in February 2016. FEMM are a music project that portrays "real-life mannequins", whilst RiRi and LuLa are recognized as the leaders of the FEMM Agency Syndicate, an agency that supports the independence and rights of mannequins (hypothetically their fan base). RiRi is managed by agent Honey-B, and LuLa is managed by agent W-Trouble. Honey-B and W-Trouble communicate on RiRi and LuLa's behalf because mannequins cannot talk. Despite the group's lack of charting success, FEMM have received prospects from several Western social media websites and journalists alike. The group have been widely commended for their fashion style and their commercial appeal, alongside the accompanying songs they have recorded. FEMM have been cited as the world's "first mannequin duo", and have been highlighted by publications including "The Huffington Post" and Perez Hilton online as future prospects for mainstream music. FEMM consists of RiRi and LuLa. Little is known about FEMM's formation or meeting prior to being signed; in an interview on February 24, 2016, W-Trouble stated that her and Honey-B "met at FEMM's Agency Syndicate. Details are top secret." In October 2013, the group launched a YouTube channel and uploaded a teaser video; The video shows RiRi and LuLa walking around the streets of Japan, talking about their quest of rescuing mannequins. This teaser was used to launch FEMM's website, which uses interactive elements to communicate with their fanbase. FEMM signed with the Avex Group Holdings Inc. sub-record label Maximum10 and their distributing label Avex Music Creative Inc. In February 2014, FEMM premiered two music videos; "UFO" and "Astroboy" on their YouTube channel; the former track is a cover song originally recorded in 1977 by Japanese pop duo Pink Lady, whilst the latter track featured guest vocals from FEMM's agents, Honey-B and W-Trouble. Despite the initial lack of popularity, FEMM included both songs in the group's debut extended play (EP) "Astroboy" on April 2, 2014. "Astroboy" was recognized by Western critics as FEMM's first original song by the group. The videos were directed by creative unit IKIOI, who had previously worked with other Japanese artists at the time. On April 12, 2014, FEMM released their debut single, "Wannabe", from their then-upcoming studio album. This marked their first single handled by Western producers and composers; "Wannabe" was produced by Australian production team Dreamlab, and Avex Music Creative Inc. hired several more Western producers for the album. The second, third, and fourth singles from the album; "Kiss the Rain", "White Noise", and "We Flood the Night" were released on April 30, May 7 and 14 that same year. Avex Music Creative Inc. had hired European producers, such as Swedish producer Andreas Carlsson and Danish production team GL Music. At the end of May, FEMM released their fifth single "Kill the DJ" alongside an accompanying music video on their YouTube channel. The music video, alongside the recording, was the beginning of FEMM's international recognition and received a large amount of favourable feedback, praising the concept, its convenient use of cosplay and otaku culture, and choreography. In June 2014, FEMM premiered their sixth single "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" onto YouTube, and released it a month later on July 30 through iTunes Store. The song was critically acclaimed from many music critics, many whom praised the song's commercial nature and lyrical message. An accompanying music video was shot for the single; its features FEMM singing and twerking in an overlapped lyric video. The video received a large amount of favourable feedback, and attracted large attention from several online figures including American blogger and journalist Perez Hilton, American YouTube star Miles Jai, among others. Due to its increasing popularity, the song was featured on the "Twerk' em All" compilation in July that same year, and gained more international fans from all over the world. In November 2015, "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" surpassed one million views on YouTube; this marks FEMM's highest viewed and first video to reach the one million mark. In mid-July 2014, the duo performed at Tokyo in Tulsa, an anime convention in Oklahoma, which was their first performance in North America. After the success and increasing popularity of "Kill the DJ" and "Fxxk Boyz Get Money", Avex Music Creative Inc. continued to hire several producers and composers from different European, Oceanic and North American regions. FEMM collaborated with American producer's and songwriter's Dan Book and Alexei Misoul on "Party All Night", the seventh single from their then-upcoming studio album. FEMM released their eighth single "Dead Wrong" on August 27 through iTunes Store. The single was produced by New Zealand-born Australian musician Leah Haywood, and accompanying producers Daniel James and Kevin Ross. "Unbreakable" served as FEMM's ninth single from the then-upcoming studio album, and was singled out as the only ballad by Honey-B and W-Trouble; the latter agent highlighted it as LuLa's favourite single. FEMM released their final single from the album, entitled "Whiplash". FEMM announced the release of their debut studio album, "Femm-Isation", and was released on October 3 that same year. Despite the lack of success in their native Japan, "Femm-Isation" reached the top ten on the US "Billboard" World Albums chart; this marks FEMM's first charting release to date. The instrumental version of the album was released on December 24 through iTunes Store. FEMM promoted the album and its accompanying singles with performances at small clubs or other public events in Japan. FEMM were part of a one-night only show for the Japanese leg tour of Dutch recording artist and songwriter Eva Simons, and FEMM performed all the album tracks on their Femm-Isation Vol.3 concert the following day; this gig was hosted at Hatsudai Tamai Hospital. FEMM performed alongside electronic musicians Afrojack, Alesso, Fedde Le Grand, Kaskade, and Martin Garrix amongst others at the annual Ultra Music Festival in Tokyo; this was FEMM's first musical performance at a live festival tour. FEMM performed at the Versace after party in Tokyo, and performed on several other concert gigs until December 2014. In August 2015, FEMM returned to the U.S. to perform at Rage, a gay bar and dance club in West Hollywood, California. In the same weekend, they were headline acts at the J-Pop Summit in San Francisco along with other Japanese music acts such as Eir Aoi, JAM Project, and Gacharic Spin, amongst others. The group's final performance promoting material from "Femm-Isation" was for the 2015 YouTube FanFest Japan, where YouTube personalities and artists gathered together for a live streaming event. The duo introduced their new song, "PoW!", which was a returning track from their live performances. FEMM also released a collaboration music video with Japanese girl group FAKY with a Japanese cover of Sak Noel's "No Boyfriend" on the producer's YouTube channel on November 27, 2015. In early December 2015, FEMM confirmed in a press release through Avex Group Inc. that they would release their debut physical album, which was revealed to be entitled "Pow!/L.C.S.". FEMM confirmed the EP would include two new tracks; the studio version of "Pow!", and "L.C.S.", alongside old remixes of their previous singles; they commented that they would add new re-edited versions of different tracks that didn't appear on their debut studio. In late January 2016, FEMM announced through a press release with Avex Group Inc. that they would release a double album in late February 2016 that included a physical copy of "Femm-Isation". Regarding the material, FEMM agent Honey-B stated "The original order of the songs was already carefully mapped out, but this time round we got to put in segues in between songs which made a big difference. The songs flow so smoothly, it will seem like it all happens in a split second and like you have travelled in time." On February 3, "Pow!/L.C.S." was released digitally through iTunes Stores and served a physical released on February 23. The music videos to "Pow!" and "L.C.S." premiered on FEMM's YouTube channel in January and February 2016. On April 27, 2016, they re-release YouTube videos of "White Noise" and "Whiplash" with minor changes to lyrics and new camera angles. On the same day, FEMM, FAKY and Yup’in were confirmed to be in a new Avex project group called "FAMM’IN" and released their first digital EP, "FAMM’IN" and music video of their title song, "Circle" on YouTube. FEMM's music has been described by several music critics and scholars as electronic dance music (EDM), with a variety of sub-elements including hip-hop, electronica, eurodance, and house music. According to Mike Kanert from "Metropolis Magazine", he felt FEMM's music moved towards Americanized music, including hip-hop and club culture. A staff member from Arcadey.net commented that "FEMM's music mostly consists of regurgitated American EDM, dance-pop, and hip-hop, all of which is just as enjoyable as it is generic. I'm guessing it's supposed to be some kind of meta commentary on mainstream music and manufactured pop stars or something...". FEMM's debut studio album "Femm-Isation" shows several elements of electronic dance music; Greg Hignight from Nekopop.com reviewed the album and noted they album's ability in sending J-Pop music and English language to convey messages to the Western audience; "Each song is its own little pop universe. The album’s English lyrics also allow for an instant emotional connection with listeners, circumventing the language barrier that’s often been a challenge for J-Pop." For FEMM's 2014 pop ballad "Unbreakable", the entire production relied on live orchestral instruments and was considered a "versatile" move by both fans and critics; According to W-Trouble, the song "relies on human feelings rather than of a mannequin." W-Trouble commented "Unbreakable' is probably the song that expresses those feelings the most. The other songs are pretty rigid so I think they're closer to the image of mannequins." The song writing to FEMM's music material explore themes of girl power, feminism, and freedom of speech; two examples are the tracks "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" and "Girls Night Out", which lyrically discusses female empowerment and not relying on male labor or assistance. Honey-B commented to an interviewer at Arama! Japan by stating, "We leave it to the listeners to decide about the message or feel of this track, but as for FEMM, they’re singing about “girl power”. Itʼs okay to be sexy, just donʼt let them take advantage of you. "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" has very aggressive lyrics, but lots of women seem to relate to it. They call it their life anthem." For their first extended play "Astroboy", both members did not yet have any professional experience in singing. The duo stated that the first time recording and appearing in a music video as their agents was challenging. FEMM expressed that they would be honored to collaborate with any producers and songwriters who understand their message. Molly Osberg from "Vice" noted that FEMM combined Japanese fashion and music together. She commented "At least, that's how I imagine we get acts like FEMM, the mesmerizing J-pop electro duo with a backstory more inventive than anything on the SyFy channel right now." Osberg praised the producers and songwriters for being hidden pioneers in order to popularize the group, as she felt producers now were more "the frontmen". Corynn Smith from MTV Iggy was impressed by their English language skills and commented "The pair’s overwhelmingly English discography has something for everyone with electronic taste, whether you’re feeling like a romantic trance trip a la "We Flood the Night", craving a techno remix of '70s J-pop hit "UFO", or in a twerk-tastic, rubber-maid-outfit-clad "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" kinda mood." There are two roles that play out through the FEMM project; the mannequins and the agents. According to Honey-B, RiRi is a "combat" mannequin that wears "rather aggressive designs". According to W-Trouble, LuLa is described as a "babyfaced... housekeeper" that wears more "reserved" and "softer" designs of clothing. In a "fictional" description of the mannequins, Honey-B stated; "RiRi uses her combat skills to fight the anti-mannequins. She is really aggressive and takes on any challenge. She feels most comfortable in her military gear. LuLa’s responsibility is to heal wounded mannequins, including RiRi. They depend on one another." Honey-B and W-Trouble are the "voices" of RiRi and LuLa, as the mannequins are portrayed with the inability to talk or vocally communicate. Honey-B stated, "For the musical nuances, it's listening that's important: the key is to match the sound and flow. If the nuance reveals a kind of attitude, it's partly due to the songwriting and partly due to [Honey-B]. According to FEMM, their tagline "Do Dolls Have Feelings? Do Their Songs Move People?" represents their virtual goal is to free all mannequins from human oppression. FEMM's fan base are also recognized as agents and although they are categorized by their attributes, such as: military, pilot, medical, maid, spies, RiRi and LuLa are exclusive-attribute and exclusive-rank FEMM without any of the attributes and that is indicated in their serial numbers 000000. Whilst performing and in public areas, FEMM tends to stay in character and move with robot-like actions; They are sometimes carried on and off stage by staff members to underline mannequin characteristics. FEMM's live performances and music videos are choreographed by Japanese choreographing team Hidali, whilst many of the latex outfits are made by Shoichiro Matsuoka of GM Atelier. Several critics have commended the group for their diverse imagery and fashion style. A couple music critics from Singles Jukebox noted that FEMM were more widely noticed by Western audiences than the audience from Japan or J-pop culture. Kimi Li from What's a Greek blog compared the Japanese music towards Western culture, and stated "Japan’s music industry has been seen to largely play catchup with the rest of the world. Major labels are slow to embrace streaming services. Japan’s iTunes store is a wealth of anison, electro and pop but only a small fraction of that is available globally." Li found that although Korean pop music "catapulted" into Western culture, Li stated that FEMM were one of very few Japanese acts to emphasize an Americanized appeal. The group have founded success through Western publications and have been listed in their top acts list; In October 2014, MTV Iggy listed FEMM as their "Artist to Watch" from a public vote. Colin McQuistan from "The Huffington Post" listed FEMM as one of their top six acts of 2016; McQuistan stated "I'm talking about FEMM, a deceptively slick production from Japan featuring two very real humans Honey-B and W-Trouble (sigh) who claim to 'stand up for the rights of mannequins worldwide' (double sigh). But who cares what their shtick is; the music is super commercial, catchy and very cleverly written pop." In 2015, FEMM uploaded videos to their YouTube channel of them and female back-up dancers performing "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" and "Anaconda" by Trinidian-American recording artist and rapper Nicki Minaj in a Tokyo bath house. The short videos were in support of the "Dance is Not a Crime" campaign that were hosted by FEMM, which was in protest of Japan's legislation where night clubs would be closed at midnight and prohibited "no dancing" signs at several clubs and areas. The Businesses Affecting Public Morals Regulation Act, which was introduced in 1948, prohibited people to dance within 66 metres from night clubs after a certain cut-off time, despite public retaliation; law and police department enforcements increased by 2011. FEMM protested the law throughout 2015, using hashtags on several social media websites and through music videos; the video was advertised by Japanese record label Dimension Point, which is owned and foundered by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro and included "Fxxk Boyz Get Money" on their compilation album. Vice.com confirmed that the law will be lifted during 2016. Studio albums Extended plays </doc> <doc id="2344512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344512" title="Truss arch bridge"> Truss arch bridge A truss arch bridge combines the elements of the truss bridge and the arch bridge. The actual resolution of forces will depend upon the design. If no horizontal thrusting forces are generated this becomes an arch-shaped truss, essentially a bent beam – see moon bridge for an example. If horizontal thrust is generated but the apex of the arch is a pin joint, this is termed a three-hinged arch - see The Iron Bridge for an example. If no hinge exists at the apex, it will normally be a two-hinged arch. In the "Iron Bridge" shown below, the structure of each frame emulates the kind of structure that previously had been made of wood. Such a wood structure uses closely fitted beams pinned together, so the members within the frames are not free to move relative to one another, as they are in a pin-jointed truss structure that allows rotation at the pin joint. Such rigid structures (which impose bending stresses upon the elements) were further developed in the 20th century as the Vierendeel truss. </doc> <doc id="2344513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344513" title="SALSA (programming language)"> SALSA (programming language) The SALSA programming language (Simple Actor Language System and Architecture) is an actor-oriented programming language that uses concurrency primitives beyond asynchronous message passing, including token-passing, join, and first-class continuations. It also supports distributed computing over the Internet with universal naming, remote communication, and migration linguistic abstractions and associated middleware. For portability, it produces Java code. </doc> <doc id="2344516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344516" title="NF-κB"> NF-κB NF-κB (nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells) is a protein complex that controls transcription of DNA, cytokine production and cell survival. NF-κB is found in almost all animal cell types and is involved in cellular responses to stimuli such as stress, cytokines, free radicals, heavy metals, ultraviolet irradiation, oxidized LDL, and bacterial or viral antigens. NF-κB plays a key role in regulating the immune response to infection. Incorrect regulation of NF-κB has been linked to cancer, inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, septic shock, viral infection, and improper immune development. NF-κB has also been implicated in processes of synaptic plasticity and memory. NF-κB was discovered by Dr. Ranjan Sen in the lab of Nobel Prize laureate David Baltimore via its interaction with an 11-base pair sequence in the immunoglobulin light-chain enhancer in B cells. All proteins of the NF-κB family share a Rel homology domain in their N-terminus. A subfamily of NF-κB proteins, including RelA, RelB, and c-Rel, have a transactivation domain in their C-termini. In contrast, the NF-κB1 and NF-κB2 proteins are synthesized as large precursors, p105, and p100, which undergo processing to generate the mature NF-κB subunits, p50 and p52, respectively. The processing of p105 and p100 is mediated by the ubiquitin/proteasome pathway and involves selective degradation of their C-terminal region containing ankyrin repeats. Whereas the generation of p52 from p100 is a tightly regulated process, p50 is produced from constitutive processing of p105. The p50 and p52 proteins have no intrinsic ability to activate transcription and thus have been proposed to act as transcriptional repressors when binding κB elements as homodimers. Indeed, this confounds the interpretation of p105-knockout studies, where the genetic manipulation is removing an IκB (full-length p105) and a likely repressor (p50 homodimers) in addition to a transcriptional activator (the RelA-p50 heterodimer). NF-κB family members share structural homology with the retroviral oncoprotein v-Rel, resulting in their classification as NF-κB/Rel proteins. There are five proteins in the mammalian NF-κB family: Below are the five human NF-κB family members: In addition to mammals, NF-κB is found in a number of simple animals as well. These include cnidarians (such as sea anemones, coral and hydra), porifera (sponges), the single-celled eukaryote "Capsaspora owczarzaki" and insects (such as moths, mosquitoes and fruitflies). The sequencing of the genomes of the mosquitoes "A. aegypti" and "A. gambiae", and the fruitfly "D. melanogaster" has allowed comparative genetic and evolutionary studies on NF-κB. In those insect species, activation of NF-κB is triggered by the Toll pathway (which evolved independently in insects and mammals) and by the Imd (immune deficiency) pathway. NF-κB is important in regulating cellular responses because it belongs to the category of "rapid-acting" primary transcription factors, i.e., transcription factors that are present in cells in an inactive state and do not require new protein synthesis in order to become activated (other members of this family include transcription factors such as c-Jun, STATs, and nuclear hormone receptors). This allows NF-κB to be a first responder to harmful cellular stimuli. Known inducers of NF-κB activity are highly variable and include reactive oxygen species (ROS), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα), interleukin 1-beta (IL-1β), bacterial lipopolysaccharides (LPS), isoproterenol, cocaine, and ionizing radiation. Receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK), which is a type of TNFR, is a central activator of NF-κB. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), which is a decoy receptor homolog for RANK ligand (RANKL), inhibits RANK by binding to RANKL, and, thus, osteoprotegerin is tightly involved in regulating NF-κB activation. Many bacterial products and stimulation of a wide variety of cell-surface receptors lead to NF-κB activation and fairly rapid changes in gene expression. The identification of Toll-like receptors (TLRs) as specific pattern recognition molecules and the finding that stimulation of TLRs leads to activation of NF-κB improved our understanding of how different pathogens activate NF-κB. For example, studies have identified TLR4 as the receptor for the LPS component of Gram-negative bacteria. TLRs are key regulators of both innate and adaptive immune responses. Unlike RelA, RelB, and c-Rel, the p50 and p52 NF-κB subunits do not contain transactivation domains in their C terminal halves. Nevertheless, the p50 and p52 NF-κB members play critical roles in modulating the specificity of NF-κB function. Although homodimers of p50 and p52 are, in general, repressors of κB site transcription, both p50 and p52 participate in target gene transactivation by forming heterodimers with RelA, RelB, or c-Rel. In addition, p50 and p52 homodimers also bind to the nuclear protein Bcl-3, and such complexes can function as transcriptional activators. In unstimulated cells, the NF-κB dimers are sequestered in the cytoplasm by a family of inhibitors, called IκBs (Inhibitor of κB), which are proteins that contain multiple copies of a sequence called ankyrin repeats. By virtue of their ankyrin repeat domains, the IκB proteins mask the nuclear localization signals (NLS) of NF-κB proteins and keep them sequestered in an inactive state in the cytoplasm. IκBs are a family of related proteins that have an N-terminal regulatory domain, followed by six or more ankyrin repeats and a PEST domain near their C terminus. Although the IκB family consists of IκBα, IκBβ, IκBε, and Bcl-3, the best-studied and major IκB protein is IκBα. Due to the presence of ankyrin repeats in their C-terminal halves, p105 and p100 also function as IκB proteins. The c-terminal half of p100, that is often referred to as IκBδ, also functions as an inhibitor. IκBδ degradation in response to developmental stimuli, such as those transduced through LTβR, potentiate NF-κB dimer activation in a NIK dependent non-canonical pathway. Activation of the NF-κB is initiated by the signal-induced degradation of IκB proteins. This occurs primarily via activation of a kinase called the IκB kinase (IKK). IKK is composed of a heterodimer of the catalytic IKKα and IKKβ subunits and a "master" regulatory protein termed NEMO (NF-κB essential modulator) or IKK gamma. When activated by signals, usually coming from the outside of the cell, the IκB kinase phosphorylates two serine residues located in an IκB regulatory domain. When phosphorylated on these serines (e.g., serines 32 and 36 in human IκBα), the IκB proteins are modified by a process called ubiquitination, which then leads them to be degraded by a cell structure called the proteasome. With the degradation of IκB, the NF-κB complex is then freed to enter the nucleus where it can 'turn on' the expression of specific genes that have DNA-binding sites for NF-κB nearby. The activation of these genes by NF-κB then leads to the given physiological response, for example, an inflammatory or immune response, a cell survival response, or cellular proliferation. Translocation of NF-κB to nucleus can be detected immunocytochemically and measured by laser scanning cytometry. NF-κB turns on expression of its own repressor, IκBα. The newly synthesized IκBα then re-inhibits NF-κB and, thus, forms an auto feedback loop, which results in oscillating levels of NF-κB activity. In addition, several viruses, including the AIDS virus HIV, have binding sites for NF-κB that controls the expression of viral genes, which in turn contribute to viral replication or viral pathogenicity. In the case of HIV-1, activation of NF-κB may, at least in part, be involved in activation of the virus from a latent, inactive state. YopP is a factor secreted by Yersinia pestis, the causative agent of plague, that prevents the ubiquitination of IκB. This causes this pathogen to effectively inhibit the NF-κB pathway and thus block the immune response of a human infected with Yersinia. Concerning known protein inhibitors of NF-κB activity, one of them is IFRD1, which represses the activity of NF-κB p65 by enhancing the HDAC-mediated deacetylation of the p65 subunit at lysine 310, by favoring the recruitment of HDAC3 to p65. In fact IFRD1 forms trimolecular complexes with p65 and HDAC3. The NAD-dependent protein deacetylase and longevity factor SIRT1 inhibits NF-κB gene expression by deacetylating the RelA/p65 subunit of NF-kB at lysine 310. A select set of cell-differentiating or developmental stimuli, such as lymphotoxin β-receptor (LTβR), BAFF or RANKL, activate the non-canonical NF-κB pathway to induce NF-κB/RelB:p52 dimer in the nucleus. In this pathway, activation of the NF-κB inducing kinase (NIK) upon receptor ligation led to the phosphorylation and subsequent proteasomal processing of the NF-κB2 precursor protein p100 into mature p52 subunit in an IKK1/IKKa dependent manner. Then p52 dimerizes with RelB to appear as a nuclear RelB:p52 DNA binding activity and regulate a distinct class of genes. In contrast to the canonical signaling that relies upon NEMO-IKK2 mediated degradation of IκBα, -β, -ε, the non-canonical signaling critically depends on NIK mediated processing of p100 into p52. Given their distinct regulations, these two pathways were thought to be independent of each other. However, recent analyses revealed that synthesis of the constituents of the non-canonical pathway, viz RelB and p52, is controlled by the canonical IKK2-IκB-RelA:p50 signaling. Moreover, generation of the canonical and non-canonical dimers, viz RelA:p50 and RelB:p52, within the cellular milieu are also mechanistically interlinked. These analyses suggest that an integrated NF-κB system network underlies activation of both RelA and RelB containing dimer and that a malfunctioning canonical pathway will lead to an aberrant cellular response also through the non-canonical pathway. NF-κB is a major transcription factor that regulates genes responsible for both the innate and adaptive immune response. Upon activation of either the T- or B-cell receptor, NF-κB becomes activated through distinct signaling components. Upon ligation of the T-cell receptor, protein kinase Lck is recruited and phosphorylates the ITAMs of the CD3 cytoplasmic tail. ZAP70 is then recruited to the phosphorylated ITAMs and helps recruit LAT and PLC-γ, which causes activation of PKC. Through a cascade of phosphorylation events, the kinase complex is activated and NF-κB is able to enter the nucleus to upregulate genes involved in T-cell development, maturation, and proliferation. In addition to roles in mediating cell survival, studies by Mark Mattson and others have shown that NF-κB has diverse functions in the nervous system including roles in plasticity, learning, and memory. In addition to stimuli that activate NF-κB in other tissues, NF-κB in the nervous system can be activated by Growth Factors (BDNF, NGF) and synaptic transmission such as glutamate. These activators of NF-κB in the nervous system all converge upon the IKK complex and the canonical pathway. Recently there has been a great deal of interest in the role of NF-κB in the nervous system. Current studies suggest that NF-κB is important for learning and memory in multiple organisms including crabs, fruit flies, and mice. NF-κB may regulate learning and memory in part by modulating synaptic plasticity, synapse function, as well as by regulating the growth of dendrites and dendritic spines. Genes that have NF-κB binding sites are shown to have increased expression following learning, suggesting that the transcriptional targets of NF-κB in the nervous system are important for plasticity. Many NF-κB target genes that may be important for plasticity and learning include growth factors (BDNF, NGF) cytokines (TNF-alpha, TNFR) and kinases (PKAc). Despite the functional evidence for a role for Rel-family transcription factors in the nervous system, it is still not clear that the neurological effects of NF-κB reflect transcriptional activation in neurons. Most manipulations and assays are performed in the mixed-cell environments found in vivo, in "neuronal" cell cultures that contain significant numbers of glia, or in tumor-derived "neuronal" cell lines. When transfections or other manipulations have been targeted specifically at neurons, the endpoints measured are typically electrophysiology or other parameters far removed from gene transcription. Careful tests of NF-κB-dependent transcription in highly purified cultures of neurons generally show little to no NF-κB activity. Some of the reports of NF-κB in neurons appear to have been an artifact of antibody nonspecificity. Of course, artifacts of cell culture—e.g., removal of neurons from the influence of glia—could create spurious results as well. But this has been addressed in at least two coculture approaches. Moerman et al. used a coculture format whereby neurons and glia could be separated after treatment for EMSA analysis, and they found that the NF-κB induced by glutamatergic stimuli was restricted to glia (and, intriguingly, only glia that had been in the presence of neurons for 48 hours). The same investigators explored the issue in another approach, utilizing neurons from an NF-κB reporter transgenic mouse cultured with wild-type glia; glutamatergic stimuli again failed to activate in neurons. Some of the DNA-binding activity noted under certain conditions (particularly that reported as constitutive) appears to result from Sp3 and Sp4 binding to a subset of κB enhancer sequences in neurons. This activity is actually inhibited by glutamate and other conditions that elevate intraneuronal calcium. In the final analysis, the role of NF-κB in neurons remains opaque due to the difficulty of measuring transcription in cells that are simultaneously identified for type. Certainly, learning and memory could be influenced by transcriptional changes in astrocytes and other glial elements. And it should be considered that there could be mechanistic effects of NF-κB aside from direct transactivation of genes. NF-κB is widely used by eukaryotic cells as a regulator of genes that control cell proliferation and cell survival. As such, many different types of human tumors have misregulated NF-κB: that is, NF-κB is constitutively active. Active NF-κB turns on the expression of genes that keep the cell proliferating and protect the cell from conditions that would otherwise cause it to die via apoptosis. In cancer, proteins that control NF-κB signaling are mutated or aberrantly expressed, leading to defective coordination between the malignant cell and the rest of the organism. This is evident both in metastasis, as well as in the inefficient eradication of the tumor by the immune system. Normal cells can die when removed from the tissue they belong to, or when their genome cannot operate in harmony with tissue function: these events depend on feedback regulation of NF-κB, and fail in cancer. Defects in NF-κB results in increased susceptibility to apoptosis leading to increased cell death. This is because NF-κB regulates anti-apoptotic genes especially the TRAF1 and TRAF2 and therefore abrogates the activities of the caspase family of enzymes, which are central to most apoptotic processes. In tumor cells, NF-κB is active (for example, in 41% of Nasopharyngeal carcinoma) either due to mutations in genes encoding the NF-κB transcription factors themselves or in genes that control NF-κB activity (such as IκB genes); in addition, some tumor cells secrete factors that cause NF-κB to become active. Blocking NF-κB can cause tumor cells to stop proliferating, to die, or to become more sensitive to the action of anti-tumor agents. Thus, NF-κB is the subject of much active research among pharmaceutical companies as a target for anti-cancer therapy. However, even though convincing experimental data have identified NF-κB as a critical promoter of tumorigenesis, which creates a solid rationale for the development of antitumor therapy that is based upon suppression of NF-κB activity, caution should be exercised when considering anti-NF-κB activity as a broad therapeutic strategy in cancer treatment as data has also shown that NF-κB activity enhances tumor cell sensitivity to apoptosis and senescence. In addition, it has been shown that canonical NF-κB is a Fas transcription activator and the alternative NF-κB is a Fas transcription repressor. Therefore, NF-κB promotes Fas-mediated apoptosis in cancer cells, and thus inhibition of NF-κB may suppress Fas-mediated apoptosis to impair host immune cell-mediated tumor suppression. Because NF-κB controls many genes involved in inflammation, it is not surprising that NF-κB is found to be chronically active in many inflammatory diseases, such as inflammatory bowel disease, arthritis, sepsis, gastritis, asthma, atherosclerosis and others. It is important to note though, that elevation of some NF-κB activators, such as osteoprotegerin (OPG), are associated with elevated mortality, especially from cardiovascular diseases. Elevated NF-κB has also been associated with schizophrenia. Recently, NF-κB activation has been suggested as a possible molecular mechanism for the catabolic effects of cigarette smoke in skeletal muscle and sarcopenia. Research has shown that during inflammation the function of a cell depends on signals it activates in response to contact with adjacent cells and to combinations of hormones, especially cytokines that act on it through specific receptors. A cells’ phenotype within a tissue develops through mutual stimulation of feedback signals that coordinate its function with other cells; this is especially evident during reprogramming of cell function when a tissue is exposed to inflammation, because cells alter their phenotype, and gradually express combinations of genes that prepare the tissue for regeneration after the cause of inflammation is removed. Particularly important are feedback responses that develop between tissue resident cells, and circulating cells of the immune system. Fidelity of feedback responses between diverse cell types and the immune system depends on the integrity of mechanisms that limit the range of genes activated by NF-κB, allowing only expression of genes which contribute to an effective immune response and subsequently, a complete restoration of tissue function after resolution of inflammation. In cancer, mechanisms that regulate gene expression in response to inflammatory stimuli are altered to the point that a cell ceases to link its survival with the mechanisms that coordinate its phenotype and its function with the rest of the tissue. This is often evident in severely compromised regulation of NF-κB activity, which allows cancer cells to express abnormal cohorts of NF-κB target genes. This results in not only the cancer cells functioning abnormally: cells of surrounding tissue alter their function and cease to support the organism exclusively. Additionally, several types of cells in the microenvironment of cancer may change their phenotypes to support cancer growth. Inflammation, therefore, is a process that tests the fidelity of tissue components because the process that leads to tissue regeneration requires coordination of gene expression between diverse cell types. NEMO deficiency syndrome is a rare genetic condition relating to a fault in IKBKG that in turn activates NF-kB. It mostly affects males and has a highly variable set of symptoms and prognoses. NF-κB is one of several induced transcriptional targets of ΔFosB which facilitates the development and maintenance of an addiction to a stimulus. In the caudate putamen, NF-κB induction is associated with increases in locomotion, whereas in the nucleus accumbens, NF-κB induction enhances the positive reinforcing effect of a drug through reward sensitization. Many natural products (including anti-oxidants) that have been promoted to have anti-cancer and anti-inflammatory activity have also been shown to inhibit NF-κB. There is a controversial US patent (US patent 6,410,516) that applies to the discovery and use of agents that can block NF-κB for therapeutic purposes. This patent is involved in several lawsuits, including Ariad v. Lilly. Recent work by Karin, Ben-Neriah and others has highlighted the importance of the connection between NF-κB, inflammation, and cancer, and underscored the value of therapies that regulate the activity of NF-κB. Extracts from a number of herbs and dietary plants are efficient inhibitors of NF-κB activation in vitro. The circumsporozoite protein of "Plasmodium falciparum" has been shown to be an inhibitor of NF-κB. Aberrant activation of NF-κB is frequently observed in many cancers. Moreover, suppression of NF-κB limits the proliferation of cancer cells. In addition, NF-κB is a key player in the inflammatory response. Hence methods of inhibiting NF-κB signaling has potential therapeutic application in cancer and inflammatory diseases. The discovery that activation of NF-κB nuclear translocation can be separated from the elevation of oxidant stress gives a promising avenue of development for strategies targeting NF-κB inhibition. A new drug called denosumab acts to raise bone mineral density and reduce fracture rates in many patient sub-groups by inhibiting RANKL. RANKL acts through its receptor RANK, which in turn promotes NF-κB, RANKL normally works by enabling the differentiation of osteoclasts from monocytes. Disulfiram, olmesartan and dithiocarbamates can inhibit the nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) signaling cascade. Effort to develop direct NF-kB inhibitor has emerged with compounds such as (-)-DHMEQ, PBS-1086, IT-603 and IT-901. (-)-DHMEQ and PBS-1086 are irreversible binder to NF-KB while IT-603 and IT-901 are reversible binder. DHMEQ covalently binds to Cys 38 of p65. Anatabine's antiinflammatory effects are claimed to result from modulation of NF-κB activity. However the studies purporting its benefit use abnormally high doses in the millimolar range (similar to the extracellular potassium concentration), which are unlikely to be achieved in humans. BAY 11-7082 has also been identified as a drug that can inhibit the NF-kB signaling cascade. It is capable of preventing the phosphorylation of IKK-α in an irreversible manner such that there is down regulation of NF-kB activation. In has been shown that administration of BAY 11-7082 rescued renal functionality in diabetic-induced Sprague-Dawley rats by suppressing NF-kB regulated oxidative stress. The biological target of iguratimod, a drug marketed to treat rheumatoid arthritis in Japan and China, was unknown as of 2015, but the primary mechanism of action appeared to be preventing NF-κB activation. </doc> <doc id="2344528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344528" title="Western Kentucky Botanical Garden"> Western Kentucky Botanical Garden The Western Kentucky Botanical Garden (WKBG) is a botanical garden in Owensboro, Kentucky. The Garden contains several themed gardens including a large collection of daylilies with an American Hemerocallis Society-recognized display garden. Other gardens include a large herb garden, a rose garden, an English cottage garden, a Kentucky symbol quilt garden, a Japanese memorial garden, an ericaceous garden, the Moonlite Children’s garden, the University of Kentucky Extension display garden, and a Western Kentucky University experimental garden.. The Garden also includes several ponds and many works of public art including insect and wind sculptures. Buildings in The Garden include a house donated and moved to The Garden and used for administration offices and gatherings, a large gazebo, an educational classroom building with attached conservatory, an English Cottage, a Country Doctors office built in 1890, a Children’s Playhouse, and an antique ticket booth built in 1890. WKBG is part of the American Horticultural Society's Reciprocal Admissions Program. In 1993 a Master Gardener’s class in Daviess County, Kentucky created The Garden with Dr. and Mrs. William Tyler donating approximately 8.5 acres to the City of Owensboro for the start of the garden and the 501(c)(3) organization. A few years later another acre was purchased to create a separate entrance to the Garden. </doc> <doc id="2344535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344535" title="Baza, Granada"> Baza, Granada Baza is a town in the province of Granada in Andalusia (southern Spain), twice a former Catholic bishopric and now a Latin Catholic titular see as Basti. It has 21,000 inhabitants (2003). It is situated at 844 m above sea level, in the Hoya de Baza, a valley of the Sierra Nevada, not far from the Gallego River. This town gives its name to the Sierra de Baza. The dome-shaped mountain of Jabalcón overlooks the town from the north-west. The Municipality lies at the southern edge of the Altiplano de Granada The sculpture of the Lady of Baza is a prehistoric artifact discovered in this area on 22 July 1971. The city was founded by the Iberians in the 4th century BC and named Basti, the name by which it was known in Roman times. As part of the Roman province of Tarraco, it was an important commercial center and an early bishopric (see below). Under the Moors, Baza was an important frontier post along the border with the kingdom of Murcia. It was also a major commercial center, with a population upward of 50,000, making it one of the three most important cities in the Kingdom of Granada. Under Islamic rule (713 – 1489), the cathedral, founded by the Visigoth king Reccared in about 600, and whose traditional site is occupied by the ancient church of San Máximo, was converted into a mosque and the bishopric was doomed. In 1489, during the Granada War, the city fell to Queen Isabella I of Castile, after a stubborn defense lasting seven months. The cannons still adorn the Alameda. On 10 August 1810, French forces under Marshal Nicolas Jean de Dieu Soult defeated a large Spanish force near the town. The bishopric of Basti was in existence by 306, the date of the Council of Elvira, which was attended by its bishop Eutychianus. The names of other bishops of Basti also are known through their participation in various Councils of Toledo. The cathedral was founded by the Visigoth king Reccared in about 600; its traditional site is occupied by the ancient church of San Máximo. The diocese survived for some time the Moorish conquest but was suppressed in the 8th century, perhaps with errant bishops, while under Islamic rule (713 – 1489), the cathedral was converted into a mosque and the bishopric disappeared in the 13th century, but was restored in 1306. After the Reconquista, the territories of the two historical sees of Basti and Ancient Acci were united on 21 May 1492 as the modern Diocese of Guadix, a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Granada. A collegiate church, the Colegiata de Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Encarnación, Baza, was established at Basti/Baza. This was reluctant to accept rule from Guadix. As a compromise, the collegiate church was given authority, under the bishop, over twelve parishes, and the bishopric adopted a second name, diocese of Guadix-Baza, indicating a union of two dioceses under a single bishop. This continued until 1851, when the collegiate church became a simple parish church and the diocese resumed the name of Diocese of Guadix. The former cathedral of Our Lady of the Incarnation, however, rebuilt on the rubble of the mosque which the original had been converted into, retains the status of co-cathedral of the Diocese of Guadix-Baza (suffragan of Granada). No longer a residential bishopric, Basti (alias Baza) is listed by the Catholic Church as a Latin titular bishopric, suffragan of the Archdiocese of Toledo, nominally restored in 1969 as Titular bishopric of Basti (Curiate Italian) / Basticen(sis) (Latin adjective). It has had the following incumbents, so far of the fitting Episcopal (lowest) rank : The 1489 siege of Baza is described in Washington Irving's book "The Conquest of Granada". </doc> <doc id="2344536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344536" title="Ritsuryō"> Ritsuryō Ritsuryō defines both a and an . During the late Asuka period (late 6th century – 710) and Nara period (710–794), the Imperial Court in Kyoto, trying to replicate China's rigorous political system from the Tang dynasty, created and enforced some collections of Ritsuryō. Over the course of centuries, the "ritsuryō" state produced more and more information which was carefully archived; however, with the passage of time in the Heian period, "ritsuryō" institutions evolved into a political and cultural system without feedback. In 645, the Taika reforms were the first signs of implementation of the system. Major re-statements of Ritsuryō included the following: In the later half of the seventh century, the was introduced, dividing the regions of Japan into several administrative divisions. In 715 CE, the was introduced, resulting in the following. This system was abandoned in 740 CE. The ritsuryō system also established a central administrative government, with the Emperor at its head. Two departments were set up: Posts of those public Departments were all divided into four ranks ("shitō"): "kami" (長官), "suke" (次官), "jō" (判官) and "sakan" (主典). This ubiquitous pattern would be replicated consistently, even amongst members of the court whose functions had little to do with those kinds of powers and responsibilities which are conventionally associated with governing – for example: A global system of ranking for all public posts (官 "kan", 官職 "kanshoku") was introduced with over 30 ranks (位 "i", 位階 "ikai"), regulating strictly which posts could be accessed by which rank. Ranking was supposed to be mostly merit-based, the children of high-ranking public officials were nonetheless granted a minimal rank. This provision (蔭位の制 "on'i no sei") existed in the Tang law, however under the Japanese ritsuryo ranks for which it was applied were higher as well as the ranks obtained by the children. The highest rank in the system was the first rank (一位 "ich-i"), proceeding downwards to the eighth rank (八位 "hachi-i"), held by menials in the court. Below this, an initial rank called "so-i" (初位) existed, but offered few rights. The top six ranks were considered true aristocracy (貴 "ki"), and were subdivided into "senior" (正 "shō") and "junior" (従 "ju") ranks (e.g. senior third-rank [正三位 "shō san-mi"], junior second-rank [従二位 "ju ni-i"] ). Below the third rank, a further subdivision between "upper" (上 "jō") and "lower" (下 "ge") existed, allowing for ranks such as “junior fourth rank lower” (従四位下 "ju shi-i no ge") or “senior sixth rank upper” (正六位上 "shō roku-i no jō"). Promotion in ranks was often a very gradual, bureaucratic process, and in the early days of the Codes, one could not advance beyond sixth rank except by rare exception, thus causing a natural cut-off point between the aristocrats (fifth-rank and above [貴族 "kizoku"]) and the menials (sixth-rank and below [地下 "jige"]). Additionally, income in the form of "koku" (石, 1 koku = about 150 kilograms), or bushels of rice from the provinces, increased dramatically as one advanced in rank. The average sixth-rank official might earn 22 koku of rice a year, but the fifth rank might earn 225 koku of rice, while a third rank official could earn as much as 6,957 a year. Registration of the citizens (戸籍 "koseki"), updated every 6 years, and a yearly tax book (計帳 "keichō") were established. Based on the "keichō", a tax system was established called (租庸調 "So-yō-chō"). Tax was levied on rice crops but also on several local products (e.g. cotton, salt, tissue) sent to the capital. The system also established local corvée at a provincial level by orders of the kokushi (国司), a corvée at the Capital (although the corvée at the capital could be replaced by goods sent) and military service. A criminal system was introduced, with . It defined that were exempt from amnesty. The code was based on the Ten Abominations of the Tang code, but two crimes related to family life—family discord and disruption of the family (through incest, adultery, etc.) —were removed. In accordance with Chinese legal codes, land as well as citizens were to be "public property" (公地公民). One of the major pillars of the Ritsuryō was the introduction of the Handen-Shūju (班田収受制) system, similar to the equal-field system in China. The Handen-Shūju regulated land ownership. Based on the registration, each citizen over 6 was entitled to a , subject to taxation (approx. 3% of crops). The area of each field was 2 for men (approx. 22 ares total), and two-thirds of this amount for women. (However, the Shinuhi and Kenin castes were only entitled to 1/3 of this area). The field was returned to the country at death. Land belonging to shrines and temples was exempt from taxation. Collection and redistribution of land took place every 6 years. The population was divided in two castes, "Ryōmin" (良民) (furthermore divided into 4 sub-castes) and "Senmin" (賤民) (divided into 5 sub-castes), the latter being close to slaves. Citizens wore different colors according to their caste. Several modifications were added over time. In order to promote cultivation, a law allowing the ownership for three generations of newly arable fields was promulgated in 723 (三世一身の法, "Sanze-isshin Law") and then without limits in 743 (墾田永年私財法, "Konden Einen Shizai Law"). This led to the appearance of large private lands, the first "shōens". Strict application of the Handen-Shūju system decayed in the 8th and 9th century. In an attempt to maintain the system, the period between each collection/distribution was extended to 12 years under Emperor Kanmu. At the beginning of Heian period, the system was almost not enforced. The last collection/distribution took place between 902 and 903. The caste system was less and less strictly enforced. Some Ryōmin would wed Senmin to avoid taxation, and Senmin/Ryōmin children would become Ryōmin. At the end of the 9th century / beginning of the 10th, the cast system was practically void of its substance. Hereditary high-ranks for public posts led to the monopoly of occupation of the most important posts by a limited number of families, in effect a nobility, amongst which the Fujiwara clan, Minamoto clan, Taira clan and the Tachibana clan. </doc> <doc id="2344538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344538" title="Clintonia borealis"> Clintonia borealis Clintonia borealis (commonly blue-bead lily or Clintonia, also Clinton's lily, corn Lily, cow tongue, yellow beadlily, yellow bluebeadlily, snakeberry, dogberry, and straw lily), is a perennial forest plant found in eastern North America. "Clintonia borealis" is named in honor of former New York senator and governor, DeWitt Clinton. It was once classified within the genus "Convallaria". Blue-bead lilies are small (5–10 in) perennial plants, usually found in homogeneous colonies. At full growth, a shoot has 2–4 clasping and curved, slightly succulent leaves with parallel venation. The flowers are arranged in small umbels at the extremity of a long stalk. They have 6 stamens and 6 yellow tepals (i.e. very similar sepals and petals). In rare cases more than one umbel is found on a shoot or shoots from a clone. The fruits are small dark blue, lurid berries. A white-berried form (f. "albicarpa") also exists. The plant reproduces via seed or vegetatively by underground rhizomes. Flowering in May and June, it takes over a dozen years for a clone to establish and produce its first flower, 2 years of which are dedicated solely to germination. The older parts of the rhizome starts to die after approximately 15 years, but new parts continue growing. One colony often covers several hundred square meters. Few specimens establish new colonies. "Clintonia borealis" is native to the boreal forest in eastern North America, but is also found in other coniferous or mixed forests and in cool temperate maple forests. It is not found in open spaces, and only grows in the shade. The species has been collected from the wild in Manitoba, Labrador, Newfoundland, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Ontario, Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Connecticut, Indiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, and Tennessee. Blue-bead lily is extremely slow to spread, but established clones can usually survive many later modifications, as long as sunlight remains limited. Whereas crossed pollination is more efficient in producing seeds, self-pollination will still produce seeds, allowing the plant to propagate. Like other slow-growing forest plants, such as "Trillium"s, blue-bead lily is extremely sensitive to grazing by white-tailed deer. The rhizome contains diosgenin, a saponin steroid with estrogenic effects. The young leaves of the plant are edible while still only a few inches tall. The fruit however, is mildly toxic, and is quite unpleasant tasting. Culture is difficult, due to the need to avoid direct sunlight and the difficulty posed by germination. Transplanting is not recommended. Hunters in North Quebec were said to have rubbed their traps with the roots because bears are attracted to its odor. According to a Mi'kmaq tale, when a grass snake eats a poisonous toad, it slithers in rapid circles around a shoot of blue-bead lily to transfer the poison to the plant. </doc> <doc id="2344548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344548" title="Metaponto"> Metaponto Metaponto is a small town of about 1,000 people in the province of Matera, Basilicata, Italy. Administratively it is a frazione of Bernalda. The town was built by the ancient Greeks to defend Sybaris from the growth of Taranto. A 1 km stretch of beach with white powdery sand is a further tourist attraction. Metaponto is located by the Ionian Coast on the road linking Potenza and Matera with Taranto. It is composed by the main village and Metaponto Lido, the beach area. Between them there are located the ruins of Metapontum and the railway station. </doc> <doc id="2344555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344555" title="James Weatherall"> James Weatherall Vice-Admiral Sir James Lamb Weatherall (28 February 1936 – 18 March 2018) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Her Majesty's Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps from 1992 to 2001. Educated at Gordonstoun School and the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, Weatherall joined the Royal Navy in 1954. He was given command of the frigate HMS "Andromeda" in 1982, serving with her in the Falklands War, and took command of the aircraft carrier HMS "Ark Royal" in 1985. He joined the staff of the Supreme Allied Commander Europe in 1987 and then became Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic in 1989 before retiring in 1991. In retirement he became Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps and a Trustee of the UK arm of the World Wide Fund for Nature. Weatherall also served as Warden of Box Hill School a Public School in Mickleham near Dorking in Surrey, England In 1962 he married Hon. Jean Stewart Macpherson, daughter of the first and last Baron Drumalbyn; they have two sons and three daughters. He died on 18 March 2018. </doc> <doc id="2344561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344561" title="European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs"> European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs Foreign affairs is not an area that Parliament has much power over, yet attracts a high proportion of the more well-known and influential MEPs given the prestige of the area. For an up-to-date list of members, see: the European Parliament website: AFET members The Committee on Foreign Affairs has established strong cooperation with Kazakhstan, Central Asia's most prosperous country, through regular visits and meetings. The European Parliament and Kazakhstan hold annual meetings of Parliamentary Cooperation Committee. </doc> <doc id="2344566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344566" title="Cheetham, Manchester"> Cheetham, Manchester Cheetham is an inner city area and electoral ward of Manchester, England, which in 2011 had a population of 22,562. It lies on the west bank of the River Irk, northeast of Manchester city centre close to the boundary with Salford, bounded by Broughton, Crumpsall and Collyhurst on the west, north and southeast respectively. Historically part of Lancashire, Cheetham was a township in the parish of Manchester and hundred of Salford. The township was amalgamated into the Borough of Manchester in 1838, and in 1896 became part of the North Manchester township. Cheetham is home to a multi-ethnic community, a result of several waves of immigration to Britain. In the mid-19th century, it attracted Irish people fleeing the Great Famine. Jews settled in the late-19th and early-20th centuries, fleeing persecution in continental Europe. Migrants from the Indian subcontinent and Caribbean settled in the 1950s and 1960s, and more recently people from Africa, Eastern Europe and the Far East. Heavily urbanised following the Industrial Revolution, Cheetham is bisected by Cheetham Hill Road, which is lined with churches, mosques, synagogues and temples, as well as terraced houses dating from its history as a textile processing district. Joseph Holt's Brewery is on Empire Street, Cheetham. Markets along the road trade in wares and foodstuffs from all over the world. The Museum of Transport in Manchester in Boyle Street, Cheetham Hill, is part of Queen's Road bus depot. Neolithic implements have been discovered at Cheetham Hill, implying human habitation 7–10,000 years ago. Unmentioned in the "Domesday Book" of 1086, Cheetham does not appear in records until 1212, when it was documented to have been a thegnage estate comprising "a plough-land", with an annual rate of 1 mark payable by the tenant, Roger de Middleton, to King John of England. From the Middletons the estate of Cheetham passed to other families, including the Chethams and Pilkingtons. By the early 20th century, the southern end of Cheetham had a large Jewish population, and nine synagogues. Michael Marks was a Jewish immigrant who lived in Cheetham Hill with his family. He and Thomas Spencer opened the first Marks and Spencer store on Cheetham Hill Road in 1893. The business grew considerably over following years and in 1901 the company's first headquarters was built on Derby Street. During the Madchester phase of the history of Manchester, narcotic trade in the city became "extremely lucrative" and in the early 1980s a gang war started between two groups vying for control of the market in Manchester city centre - the Cheetham Hill Gang and The Gooch Close Gang, in Cheetham Hill and Moss Side respectively. During this period Manchester acquired a reputation for gun crime, and was nicknamed "Gunchester" and the "Bronx of Britain" after a series of murders linked to turf wars and drug dealing associated with both Cheetham Hill and Moss Side. Lying within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire since the early 12th century, Cheetham anciently constituted a thegnage estate, held by tenants who paid tax to the King. Cheetham during the Middle Ages formed a township in the parish of Manchester, and hundred of Salford. Governance continued on this basis until the Industrial Revolution, when Cheetham and the neighbouring Manchester Township had become suffiently urbanised and integrated to warrant an amalgamation into a single district: the then Borough of Manchester, in 1838. There was a Cheetham Committee of Manchester Borough Council until 1875. Cheetham continued to hold the status of a township until 1896, when, together with Beswick, Blackley, Bradford, Clayton, Crumpsall, Harpurhey, Moston and Newton, it became part of the township of North Manchester. North Manchester was a part of the City and County Borough of Manchester. Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834, Cheetham formed part of the Manchester Poor Law Union from 1841 to 1850, Prestwich Poor Law Union from 1850 to 1915, and returned to Manchester Poor Law Union in 1915 until 1930. These were inter-parish units established to provide social security. Cheetham is an electoral ward of Manchester City Council, and is part of the Blackley and Broughton parliamentary constituency. Blackley and Broughton is a new constituency created in 2010, replacing the former Manchester Blackley constituency, of which the Cheetham Hill area was also included in. The current MP is Graham Stringer of the Labour Party, first representing Manchester Blackley since 1997 and now Blackley and Broughton. Winston Churchill was Liberal MP for the area early in his political career (some years before he re-crossed the floor to the Conservative Party). Three councillors serve the ward: Julie Connolly (Lab), Shaukat Ali (Lab), and Naeem Hassam (Lab). At (53.504°, -2.231°), Cheetham is northeast of Manchester city centre. To the north, it is bordered by Crumpsall, to the west by Broughton in Salford, to the east and the southeast by Harpurhey and Collyhurst, and by Manchester City Centre to the south. Cheetham Hill lies on "rising ground" and is completely urbanised. The ward had a population of 22,562 at the 2011 census. Its population accounted for 4.2% of the city of Manchester's in 2010. In November 2011, 68.5% of residential properties were classified as private, while 31.5% were classified as social housing. House prices remain below the Manchester average. Cheetham is an ethnically diverse area. Cheetham Hill Road was described by the "Daily Mail" as "Britain's most diverse street" in 2013. 2011 Census data revealed that 48% of residents did not speak English as their main language. Urdu is the most commonly spoken language after English, followed by Arabic, Polish, Kurdish and Italian. </doc> <doc id="2344572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344572" title="Fasciation"> Fasciation Fasciation (pronounced , from the Latin root meaning "band" or "stripe"), also known as cresting, is a relatively rare condition of abnormal growth in vascular plants in which the apical meristem (growing tip), which normally is concentrated around a single point and produces approximately cylindrical tissue, instead becomes elongated perpendicularly to the direction of growth, thus producing flattened, ribbon-like, crested (or "cristate"), or elaborately contorted, tissue. Fasciation may also cause plant parts to increase in weight and volume in some instances. The phenomenon may occur in the stem, root, fruit, or flower head. Some plants are grown and prized aesthetically for their development of fasciation. Any occurrence of fasciation has several possible causes, including hormonal, genetic, bacterial, fungal, viral and environmental causes. Fasciation can be caused by hormonal imbalances in the meristematic cells of plants, which are cells where growth can occur. Fasciation can also be caused by random genetic mutation. Bacterial and viral infections can also cause fasciation. The bacterial phytopathogen "Rhodococcus fascians" has been demonstrated as one cause of fasciation, such as in sweet pea ("Lathyrus odoratus") plants, but many fasciated plants have tested negative for the bacteria in studies, hence bacterial infection is not an exclusive causation. Additional environmental factors that can cause fasciation include fungi, mite or insect attack and exposure to chemicals. General damage to a plant's growing tip and exposure to cold and frost can also cause fasciation. Some plants, such as peas and cockscomb "Celosia", may inherit the trait. Fasciation is not contagious, but bacteria that cause fasciation can be spread from infected plants to others from contact with wounds on infected plants and from water that carries the bacteria to other plants. Although fasciation is rare overall, it has been observed in over 100 plant species, including members of the genera "Acer", "Aloe", "Acanthosicyos", "Cannabis", "Celosia", "Delphinium", "Digitalis", "Euphorbia", "Forsythia", "Glycine max" (specifically, soybean plants), "Primula", "Prunus", "Salix" and many genera of the Cactaceae (cactus) family. Cresting results in undulating folds instead of the typical "arms" found on mature Saguaro cactus. Some varieties of "Celosia" are raised especially for their dependably fasciated flower heads, for which they are called "cockscomb". The Japanese Fantail Willow "(Salix sachalinensis 'Sekka')" is another plant that is valued for its fasciations. Fasciation that is caused by damage to genetic material and by bacteria can be controlled by not using fasciated plants and disposing of fasciated plants. Avoiding injury to plant bases and keeping them dry can reduce the spread of bacteria. Avoidance of grafting fasciated plants and the pruning of fasciated matter can also reduce the spread of bacteria. </doc> <doc id="2344574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344574" title="Sateen"> Sateen Sateen is a fabric made using a satin weave structure but made with spun yarns instead of filament. The sheen and softer feel of sateen is produced through the satin weave structure. Warp yarns are floated over weft yarns, for example four over and one under. (In a weft-faced satin or sateen, the weft yarns are floated over the warp yarns.) Standard plain weaves use a one-over, one-under structure. The long floats produce a surface that is smooth to the touch and reduces light scattering to increase shine. This weave structure is more susceptible to wear than other weaves. In modern times cheaper rayon is often substituted for cotton. Better qualities are mercerized to give a higher sheen. Some are only calendered to produce the sheen, but this disappears with washing. </doc> <doc id="2344581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344581" title="John Richards (Royal Marines officer)"> John Richards (Royal Marines officer) Lieutenant General Sir John Charles Chisholm Richards, (21 February 1927 – 5 October 2004) was a Royal Marines officer who served as Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household from 1982 to 1991. Educated at Worksop College, Richards joined the Royal Marines in 1945. He was appointed Commanding Officer of 45 Commando in 1968, Commander of 42 Commando in 1972, and Commander of 3 Commando Brigade in 1975 before becoming Commandant General Royal Marines in 1977 and retiring in 1981. In retirement he became Her Majesty's Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household from 1982 to 1991. In 1953 he married Audrey Hidson; they had two sons and one daughter. </doc> <doc id="2344585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344585" title="Loch Gabhair"> Loch Gabhair Loch Gabhair (Lagore) meaning "Lake of the Goats" is a townland in the parish of Ratoath, Ireland. It is located between the villages of Ratoath and Dunshaughlin in County Meath, Ireland. Lagore is also home to the Lagore crannog, the Irish royal residence of the 7th to 10th centuries. During excavations of the site a number of bronze items were found, including weapons and brooches, (see "the Lagore Brooch"), which can now be found at the National Museum of Ireland in Kildare St., Dublin, Ireland. </doc> <doc id="2344586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344586" title="Tim Harford"> Tim Harford Tim Harford (born 1973) is an English economist and journalist who lives in Oxford. He is the author of four economics books and writes his longrunning "Financial Times" column, "The Undercover Economist", syndicated in "Slate" magazine, which reveals the economic ideas behind everyday experiences. His column in the Financial Times, "Since you asked", ran between 2011 and 2014 and offered a sceptical look at the news of the week. Harford was educated at Aylesbury Grammar School and then at Brasenose College, Oxford. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics and later a Master of Philosophy in economics, in 1998. Harford joined the "Financial Times" in 2003 on a fellowship in commemoration of the business columnist Peter Martin. He continued to write his column after joining the International Finance Corporation in 2004, and he rejoined the "Financial Times", as economics leader writer, in April 2006. He is also a member of the newspaper's editorial board. Tim has spoken at TED, PopTech and the Sydney Opera House. He is a visiting fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford and an honorary fellow of the Royal Statistical Society. In August 2007, he presented a television series on the BBC, "Trust me, I'm an economist". In October 2007, Harford replaced Andrew Dilnot on the BBC Radio 4 series "More or Less". He is a visiting fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford. From November 2016 he presented an economic history documentary radio and podcast series "50 Things That Made the Modern Economy" </doc> <doc id="2344605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344605" title="Bel canto"> Bel canto Bel canto ( or "beautiful song", )—with several similar constructions ("bellezze del canto", "bell'arte del canto")—is a term with several meanings that relate to Italian singing. The phrase was not associated with a "school" of singing until the middle of the 19th century, when writers in the early 1860s used it nostalgically to describe a manner of singing that had begun to wane around 1830. Nonetheless, "neither musical nor general dictionaries saw fit to attempt [a] definition [of bel canto] until after 1900". The term remains vague and ambiguous in the 21st century and is often used to evoke a lost singing tradition. As generally understood today, the term "bel canto" refers to the Italian-originated vocal style that prevailed throughout most of Europe during the 18th century and early 19th centuries. Late 19th- and 20th-century sources "would lead us to believe that "bel canto" was restricted to beauty and evenness of tone, legato phrasing, and skill in executing highly florid passages, but contemporary documents [those of the late 18th and early 19th centuries] describe a multifaceted manner of performance far beyond these confines." The main features of the "bel canto" style were: The "Harvard Dictionary of Music" by Willi Apel says that bel canto denotes "the Italian vocal technique of the 18th century, with its emphasis on beauty of sound and brilliancy of performance rather than dramatic expression or romantic emotion. In spite of the repeated reactions against "bel canto" (or its abuses, such as display for its own sake; Gluck, Wagner) and the frequent exaggeration of its virtuoso element (coloratura), it must be considered as a highly artistic technique and the only proper one for Italian opera and for Mozart. Its early development is closely bound up with that of the Italian "opera seria" (A. Scarlatti, N.A. Porpora, N. Jommelli, J.A. Hasse, N. Piccinni)." Since the "bel canto" style flourished in the 18th and early 19th centuries, the music of Handel and his contemporaries, as well as that of Mozart and Rossini, benefits from an application of "bel canto" principles. Operas received the most dramatic use of the techniques, but the "bel canto" style applies equally to oratorio, though in a somewhat less flamboyant way. The da capo arias these works contained provided challenges for singers, as the repeat of the opening section prevented the story line from progressing. Nonetheless, singers needed to keep the emotional drama moving forward, and so they used the principles of "bel canto" to help them render the repeated material in a new emotional guise. They also incorporated embellishments of all sorts (Domenico Corri said da capo arias were invented for that purpose ["The Singer's Preceptor", vol. 1, p. 3]), but not every singer was equipped to do this, some writers, notably Domenico Corri himself, suggesting that singing without ornamentation was an acceptable practice (see "The Singer's Preceptor", vol. 1, p. 3). Singers regularly embellished both arias and recitatives, but did so by tailoring their embellishments to the prevailing sentiments of the piece. Two famous 18th-century teachers of the style were Antonio Bernacchi (1685–1756) and Nicola Porpora (1686–1768), but many others existed. A number of these teachers were castrati. Singer/author John Potter declares in his book "Tenor: History of a Voice" that: In another application, the term "bel canto" is sometimes attached to Italian operas written by Vincenzo Bellini (1801–1835) and Gaetano Donizetti (1797–1848). These composers wrote bravura works for the stage during what musicologists sometimes call the "bel canto era". But the style of singing had started to change around 1830, Michael Balfe writing of the new method of teaching that was required for the music of Bellini and Donizetti ("A New Universal Method of Singing", 1857, p. iii), and so the operas of Bellini and Donizetti actually were the vehicles for a new era of singing. The last important opera role for a castrato was written in 1824 by Giacomo Meyerbeer (1791–1864). The phrase "bel canto" was not commonly used until the latter part of the 19th century, when it was set in opposition to the development of a weightier, more powerful style of speech-inflected singing associated with German opera and, above all, Richard Wagner's revolutionary music dramas. Wagner (1813–1883) decried the Italian singing model, alleging that it was concerned merely with "whether that G or A will come out roundly". He advocated a new, Germanic school of singing that would draw "the spiritually energetic and profoundly passionate into the orbit of its matchless Expression." French musicians and composers never embraced the more florid extremes of the 18th-century Italian bel canto style. They disliked the castrato voice and because they placed a premium on the clear enunciation of the texts of their vocal music, they objected to the sung word being obscured by excessive fioritura. The popularity of the bel canto style as espoused by Rossini, Donizetti and Bellini faded in Italy during the mid-19th century. It was overtaken by a heavier, more ardent, less embroidered approach to singing that was necessary to perform the innovative works of Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901) with maximum dramatic impact. Tenors, for instance, began to inflate their tone and deliver the high C (and even the high D) directly from the chest rather than resorting to a suave head voice/falsetto as they had done previously – sacrificing vocal agility in the process. Sopranos and baritones reacted in a similar fashion to their tenor colleagues when confronted with Verdi's drama-filled compositions. They subjected the mechanics of their voice production to greater pressures and cultivated the exciting upper part of their respective ranges at the expense of their mellow but less penetrant lower notes. Initially at least, the singing techniques of 19th-century contraltos and basses were less affected by the musical innovations of Verdi, which were built upon by his successors Amilcare Ponchielli (1834–1886) and Arrigo Boito (1842–1918). One reason for the eclipse of the old Italian singing model was the growing influence within the music world of bel canto's detractors, who considered it to be outmoded and condemned it as vocalization devoid of content. To others, however, bel canto became the vanished art of elegant, refined, sweet-toned musical utterance. Rossini lamented in a conversation that took place in Paris in 1858 that: "Alas for us, we have lost our bel canto". Similarly, the so-called German style was as derided as much as it was heralded. In the introduction to a collection of songs by Italian masters published in 1887 in Berlin under the title "Il bel canto", Franz Sieber wrote: "In our time, when the most offensive shrieking under the extenuating device of 'dramatic singing' has spread everywhere, when the ignorant masses appear much more interested in how loud rather than how beautiful the singing is, a collection of songs will perhaps be welcome which – as the title purports – may assist in restoring bel canto to its rightful place." In the late-19th century and early-20th century, the term "bel canto" was resurrected by singing teachers in Italy, among whom the retired Verdi baritone Antonio Cotogni (1831–1918) was a pre-eminent figure. Cotogni and his followers invoked it against an unprecedentedly vehement and vibrato-laden style of vocalism that singers increasingly used after around 1890 to meet the impassioned demands of verismo writing by composers such as Giacomo Puccini (1858–1924), Ruggero Leoncavallo (1857–1919), Pietro Mascagni (1863–1945) and Umberto Giordano (1867–1948), as well as the auditory challenges posed by the non-Italianate stage works of Richard Strauss (1864–1949) and other late-romantic/early-modern era composers, with their strenuous and angular vocal lines and frequently dense orchestral textures. During the 1890s, the directors of the Bayreuth Festival initiated a particularly forceful style of Wagnerian singing that was totally at odds with the Italian ideals of bel canto. Called "Sprechgesang" by its proponents (and dubbed the "Bayreuth bark" by some opponents), the new Wagnerian style prioritized articulation of the individual words of the composer's libretti over legato delivery. This text-based, anti-legato approach to vocalism spread across the German-speaking parts of Europe prior to World War I. As a result of these many factors, the concept of bel canto became shrouded in mystique and confused by a plethora of individual notions and interpretations. To complicate matters further, German musicology in the early 20th century invented its own historical application for "bel canto", using the term to denote the simple lyricism that came to the fore in and the Roman cantata during the 1630s and '40s (the era of composers Antonio Cesti, Giacomo Carissimi and Luigi Rossi) as a reaction against the earlier, text-dominated stile rappresentativo. Unfortunately, this anachronistic use of the term bel canto was given wide circulation in Robert Haas's "Die Musik des Barocks" and, later, in Manfred Bukofzer's "Music in the Baroque Era". Since the singing style of later 17th-century Italy did not differ in any marked way from that of the 18th century and early 19th century, a connection can be drawn; but, according to Jander, most musicologists agree that the term is best limited to its mid-19th-century use, designating a style of singing that emphasized beauty of tone and technical expertise in the delivery of music that was either highly florid or featured long, flowing and difficult-to-sustain passages of . In the 1950s, the phrase "bel canto revival" was coined to refer to a renewed interest in the operas of Donizetti, Rossini and Bellini. These composers had begun to go out of fashion during the latter years of the 19th century and their works, while never completely disappearing from the performance repertoire, were staged infrequently during the first half of the 20th century, when the operas of Wagner, Verdi and Puccini held sway. That situation changed significantly after World War II with the advent of a group of enterprising orchestral conductors and the emergence of a fresh generation of singers such as Montserrat Caballé, Maria Callas, Joan Sutherland, Beverly Sills and Marilyn Horne, who had acquired bel canto techniques. These artists breathed new life into Donizetti, Rossini and Bellini's stage compositions, treating them seriously as music and re-popularizing them throughout Europe and America. Today, some of the world's most frequently performed operas, such as Rossini's "The Barber of Seville" and Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor", are from the bel canto era. Many 18th-century operas that require adroit bel canto skills have also experienced post-war revivals, ranging from lesser-known Mozart and Haydn to extensive Baroque works by Handel, Vivaldi and others. Musicologists occasionally apply the label "bel canto technique" to the arsenal of virtuosic vocal accomplishments and concepts imparted by singing teachers to their students during the late 18th century and the early 19th century. Many of these teachers were castrati. "All [their] pedagogical works follow the same structure, beginning with exercises on single notes and eventually progressing to scales and improvised embellishments" writes Potter who continues, "The really creative ornamentation required for cadenzas, involving models and formulae that could generate newly improvised material, came towards the end of the process." Today's pervasive idea that singers should refrain from improvising and always adhere strictly to the letter of a composer's published score is a comparatively recent phenomenon, promulgated during the first decades of the 20th century by dictatorial conductors such as Arturo Toscanini (1867–1957), who championed the dramatic operas of Verdi and Wagner and believed in keeping performers on a tight interpretive leash. This is noted by both Potter (page 77) and Michael Scott. Potter notes, however, that as the 19th century unfurled: Early 19th-century teachers described the voice as being made up of three registers. The chest register was the lowest of the three and the head register the highest, with the passaggio in between. These registers needed to be smoothly blended and fully equalized before a trainee singer could acquire total command of his or her natural instrument, and the surest way to achieve this outcome was for the trainee to practise vocal exercises assiduously. Bel canto-era teachers were great believers in the benefits of vocalise and solfeggio. They strove to strengthen the respiratory muscles of their pupils and equip them with such time-honoured vocal attributes as "purity of tone, perfection of legato, phrasing informed by eloquent portamento, and exquisitely turned ornaments", as noted in the introduction to Volume 2 of Scott's "The Record of Singing". Major refinements occurred to the existing system of voice classification during the 19th century as the international operatic repertoire diversified, split into distinctive nationalist schools and expanded in size. Whole new categories of singers such as mezzo-soprano and Wagnerian bass-baritone arose towards the end of the 19th century, as did such new sub-categories as lyric coloratura soprano, dramatic soprano and spinto soprano, and various grades of tenor, stretching from lyric through spinto to heroic. These classificatory changes have had a lasting effect how singing teachers designate voices and opera house managements cast productions. There was, however, no across-the-board uniformity among 19th-century bel canto adherents in passing on their knowledge and instructing students. Each had their own training regimes and pet notions. Fundamentally, though, they all subscribed to the same set of bel canto precepts, and the exercises that they devised to enhance breath support, dexterity, range, and technical control remain valuable and, indeed, some teachers still use them. Manuel García (1805–1906), author of the influential treatise "L'Art du Chant", was the most prominent of the group of pedagogues that perpetuated bel-canto principles in teachings and writings during the second half of the 19th century. His like-minded younger sister, Pauline Viardot (1821–1910), was also an important teacher of voice, as were Viardot's contemporaries Mathilde Marchesi, Camille Everardi, Julius Stockhausen, Carlo Pedrotti, Venceslao Persichini, Giovanni Sbriglia, Melchiorre Vidal and Francesco Lamperti (together with Francesco's son Giovanni Battista Lamperti). The voices of a number of their former students can be heard on acoustic recordings made in the first two decades of the 20th century and re-issued since on LP and CD. Some examples on disc of historically and artistically significant 19th-century singers whose vocal styles and techniques exemplify bel canto ideals include the following: Sir Charles Santley (born 1834), Gustav Walter (born 1834), Adelina Patti (born 1843), Marianne Brandt (born 1842), Lilli Lehmann (born 1848), Jean Lassalle (born 1847), Victor Maurel (born 1848), Marcella Sembrich (born 1858), Lillian Nordica (born 1857), Emma Calvé (born 1858), Nellie Melba (born 1861), Francesco Tamagno (born 1850), Francesco Marconi (born 1853), Léon Escalais (born 1859), Mattia Battistini (born 1856), Mario Ancona (born 1860), Pol Plançon (born 1851), and Antonio Magini-Coletti and Francesco Navarini (both born 1855). </doc> <doc id="2344608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344608" title="Enuff Z'Nuff"> Enuff Z'Nuff Enuff Z'Nuff (a pronunciation respelling of "enough's enough"), is an American rock band from Blue Island, Illinois. Founded by singer Donnie Vie and bassist Chip Z'Nuff, this Chicago area band is best known for their charting singles "Fly High Michelle" and "New Thing". Enuff Z'Nuff has continually recorded and toured throughout their career of more than 30 years, releasing 14 studio albums and a total of 22 CDs to date. Their songs have been recorded by several other musicians, some of which include Paul Gilbert, the Tuesdays, the Wildhearts, and Nelson. The group has appeared on MTV, Howard Stern and David Letterman. In addition to their independent label releases, their music has been released on the major labels Atco Records and Arista Records. Enuff Z'Nuff formed in 1984 as "Enough Z'Nuff". The band soon grew a live following and recorded their first demo songs, some of which would be officially released later in their career. The band's first single, "Fingers On It," received some minor recognition when it was featured in the 1986 cult movie "." Band members during this period also included drummer B.W. Boeski and guitarists Gino Martino and Alex Kane, the latter of which moved on to lead guitars for "Life, Sex & Death" and eventually formed the band "AntiProduct". By 1989, Enough Z'Nuff had revised their band name to "Enuff Z'Nuff" and released their first major label offering, a self-titled debut album on Atco Records. For this recording, founding members Donnie Vie and Chip Z'Nuff were joined by ex-Le Mans guitarist Derek Frigo and drummer Vik Foxx. The band had two charting hits with the psychedelic-flavored pop rock songs "New Thing" and "Fly High Michelle," both of which received steady airplay on MTV. A few years later, the band's heavy glam rock appearance in the music videos would be parodied on "Beavis & Butthead". Frontman Donnie Vie has expressed disappointment that the label marketed the group as a glam metal act during this period instead of as a power pop group, which he considered to be a better descriptor of their sound, and suggested that the group would have retained their popularity had they been promoted as such. For their follow-up album, 1991's "Strength", the band consciously toned down their glam image. "Strength" was released in 1991 on Atco to strong reviews, including "Rolling Stone" magazine calling the group "The Hot Band of the Year." There were promotional videos for the singles "Mother's Eyes" and "Baby Loves You", as well as an appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman". However, this follow-up album did not sell nearly as well as their first. The band filed for bankruptcy and left Atco Records, but soon after was picked up by Clive Davis' Arista Records label for their 1993 album "Animals with Human Intelligence". Soon before this album's release, drummer Vikki Foxx quit the band to join Vince Neil's solo band. Foxx would be airbrushed out of the album cover, despite performing on each track of the recording. Foxx was replaced by New Jersey resident and former War and Peace member Ricky Parent, who also appeared for most of the album's promotional material. The band performed on Letterman again and shot a video for the single "Right by Your Side". However this release, much like "Strength", received some critical acclaim but ultimately disappointed commercially. A short time after Enuff Z'Nuff parted ways from Arista Records, guitarist Derek Frigo left the band, though he still recorded on occasion with them. Despite this setback, the band continued touring and recording, releasing albums on several indie labels and finding a solid fanbase overseas. Some notable events include many appearances on "The Howard Stern Show", local appearances on the "Mancow's Morning Madhouse" radio program, a 1998 performance on "The Jenny Jones Show", a pair of features on VH1 about hair bands in 1999, and attaining an opening slot for Poison's 2001 "Glam Slam Metal Jam" tour. Lead singer and songwriter Donnie Vie stopped touring with the group in 2002 out of frustration and to embark upon a solo career. Enuff Z'Nuff continued to tour in his absence as a "3-piece," with their lead guitarist Johnny Monaco also serving as the band's lead singer. Despite not touring, Vie would still write and record with the band in future studio releases. In 2004, former lead guitarist Derek Frigo died from an apparent drug overdose at the age of 37, soon after the band planned a Japanese tour with the original line-up. Another tragedy struck when the band's drummer Ricky Parent lost his long-time battle with cancer in October 2007. Parent had been with the band for approximately 12 years. In 2006, original members Chip Z'Nuff and Donnie Vie reconvened to shoot a pilot for the VH1 reality television show, "Bands on the Run". The show's pilot episode never aired. However, during that time the reunited band held their initial recording sessions for their 12th record. Several songs from these sessions eventually resulted in their latest studio album of new material, "Dissonance", which also features former Ozzy Osbourne / Badlands guitarist Jake E. Lee on guitar. With Vie rejoining the live shows in 2008, "Dissonance" was released in 2009 in Japan, with a U.K. release following in 2010. In support of the album, Enuff Z'Nuff toured both Japan and Europe, including the Download Festival in the U.K. As of May 2013, Donnie Vie once again left the band. Johnny Monaco returned to Enuff Z'Nuff as the band's singer. There was more band member shuffling in May 2014 when guitarist Tory Stoffregen and drummer Randi Scott each left the band. Drummer Erik Donner joined on drums in June, while Enuff Z'Nuff continued touring as a 3-piece. In April 2016, Metal Sludge confirmed via an interview with Johnny Monaco that he is no longer in the band. The band is continuing with Chip Z'nuff as the lead singer, Tory Stoffregen back on lead guitar, Tony Fenelle (Ultravox) on guitar and Daniel B. Hill on drums. Enuff Z'nuff released an album of older, previously unreleased original material on Frontiers Records in late 2016, titled "Clowns Lounge." It mainly features demo material from studio sessions originally recorded in 1988 and 1989. Enuff Z'nuff plans on releasing an album of new material with Chip Z'nuff on lead vocals, titled 'Diamond Boy,' August 10 on the Frontiers label. It will be their first recording without contributions from former Enuff Z'nuff singer/songwriter Donnie Vie. Vie is still active musically and has created a Pledge campaign for his next solo album, also tentatively due out later this year. </doc> <doc id="2344610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344610" title="Certified Server Validation"> Certified Server Validation Certified Server Validation (CSV) is a technical method of email authentication intended to fight spam. Its focus is the SMTP HELO-identity of mail transfer agents. CSV was designed to address the problems of MARID and the ASRG, as defined in detail as the intent of Lightweight MTA Authentication Protocol (LMAP) in an expired ASRG draft. As of January 3, 2007, all Internet Drafts have expired and the mailing list has been closed down since there had been no traffic for 6 months. CSV considers two questions at the start of each SMTP session: CSV answers these questions as follows: to validate an SMTP session from an unknown sending SMTP client using CSV, the receiving SMTP server: If the level of trust is high enough, process all email from that session in the traditional manner, delivering or forwarding without the need for further validation. If the level of trust is too low, return an error showing the reason for not trusting the sending SMTP client. If the level of trust is in between, document the result in a header in each email delivered or forwarded, and/or perform additional checks. If the answers to both of the questions at the top of this article are 'Yes', then receivers can expect the email received to be email they want. Mail sources are motivated to make the answers yes, and it's easy for them to do so (unless their email flow is so toxic that no reputable independent accreditation service will vouch for them). CSV is designed to be efficient and elegant, and in this respect it certainly beats SPF's coverage of HELO identities. Client SMTP Authorization (CSA) was a proposed mechanism whereby a domain admin can advertise which mail servers are legitimate originators of mail from his/her domain. This is done by providing appropriate SRV RRs in the DNS infrastructure. </doc> <doc id="2344611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344611" title="Pardo Ridge"> Pardo Ridge Pardo Ridge is the highest part of Elephant Island, South Shetland Islands, reaching an altitude of 852 m. It extends from The White Company in the West to Cape Valentine in the East. It was mapped by the UK Joint Services Expedition, 1970-71, and named by the UK-APC after Captain Luis Pardo, commander of the Chilean tug "Yelcho" which rescued shipwrecked members of Shackleton's "Endurance" from Elephant Island's Wild Point in August 1916. </doc> <doc id="2344618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344618" title="Yamanoue no Okura"> Yamanoue no Okura Yamanoue no Okura accompanied a mission to Tang China in 701 and returned to Japan in 707. In the years following his return he served in various official capacities. He served as the Governor of Hōki (near present-day Tottori), tutor to the crown prince, and Governor of Chikuzen. While there, he associated with Otomo no Tabito, who was serving in Dazaifu. Based on a reference to the Yamanoue clan in the "Shinsen Shōjiroku", he was said to be a descendant of Emperor Kōshō. A large number of literary scholars led by Susumu Nakanishi have proposed that he was born in the Korean kingdom of Baekje, a view criticized by the historians Kazuo Aoki and Arikiyo Saeki in their respective works. Edwin Cranston, Professor of Japanese literature at Harvard University, writes: ‘Okura’s early life is obscure, but recent research has led to the conclusion that his origins were Korean, that he was in fact born in Paekche, Japan’s ally on the Korean peninsula, and was brought to Japan in the wave of refugees that came when that state was extinguished by its rival Silla in 663. Okura would have been in his fourth year. His father, a doctor who entered the service of the Japanese court, no doubt provided his son with a thorough Chinese-style education. This education is amply evident in Okura’s surviving work, but his putative foreign origins are not. When he speaks of his adopted country he seems to speak as a native son.’ Okura's potentially continental origins have been cited as an example of the influence continental immigrants had on early Japanese politics, society and culture. </doc> <doc id="2344622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344622" title="University of Kentucky Research and Education Center Botanical Garden"> University of Kentucky Research and Education Center Botanical Garden The University of Kentucky Research and Education Center Botanical Garden, also known as the UK REC Botanical Garden, is a research farm and botanical garden for the University of Kentucky in Princeton, Kentucky. The University's Agricultural Experiment Station was established in 1885, with the West Kentucky Substation at Princeton founded in 1925. Today the Experiment Station Farm consists of almost 1,300 acres (520 hectares) where crops such as corn, wheat, soybeans, tobacco, fruits, vegetables and ornamentals are studied. The Princeton site also includes a 10-acre (40,000 m²) orchard/vineyard, plus 2 acres (8,000 m²) of grapes, and 1.5 acres (6,000 m²) for research in small fruit trees and ornamentals. </doc> <doc id="2344634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344634" title="Montagne Center"> Montagne Center The Montagne Center, built in 1984, is a 10,746-seat multi-purpose arena in Beaumont, Texas designed especially for the basketball program. The Montagne Center is currently home to the Lamar University Cardinals and Lady Cardinals basketball teams. The arena was previously the home of the Lady Cardinals volleyball team until renovations to McDonald Gym were completed in 2006-07. After one year of operation, the arena's seating capacity was expanded from 8,000 in basketball configuration to its current seating capacity of 10,080. The 10,080 capacity is made up of 8,102 permanent seats and a telescopic chairback seating system totaling 1,978 seats. All seats in the arena are chairbacked and all are cushioned with the exception of folding back seats in the four topmost rows of seats. Including floor seating, the arena has a maximum capacity of 10,746 in event configuration. The arena floor can host sporting events including basketball, volleyball, wrestling, boxing and martial arts tournaments. With stadium and floor seating, the Montagne Center can be configured for hosting concert events. The arena floor (which can be expanded to 165' x121') can also be transformed into hosting graduation ceremonies, proms, dances, banquets and conferences. The Morgan Suites and Red Room are both sports suites housed in the Montagne. The Morgan suites face the football field and are priced at $25,000 a year. Each of the seven suites has seating for 16. The Red Room is a university reception center for alumni and reunion events. The Red Room is unique because one side has windows facing the North end of the Football field while the other side faces the basketball court. The building includes the following in addition to the main arena area: On February 19, 2011 during halftime Billy Tubbs was honored by Lamar with the naming of the Montagne Center basketball court in his and his wife's honor. The court was named the "Billy & Pat Tubbs Court". During the same halftime ceremony Lamar also honored Billy's 78-79 Cardinal squad the first team in Lamar University history to advance to the NCAA tournament. A small piece of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament East Regional – Syracuse, New York is now part of the Montagne Center. The goals used in the Syracuse Regional were moved to and installed in the Montagne Center in April 2015. The Montagne Center received significant damage from both Hurricane Rita (September 24, 2005) and Hurricane Ike (September 13, 2008). According to a November 2005 issue of the Cardinal Cadence, Lamar University's Alumni magazine, Rita severely damaged the roof leaving gaping holes. Exterior tiles around the building were blown out leaving the arena area exposed. Also, the mezzanine entrances were destroyed. Hurricane Ike, striking three years later, also did significant damage to the Center. According to an October 2008 issue of the Cardinal Cadence, exterior tiles again were blown out and the roof was damaged. Additionally, glass walls gave way. Source: Below is a list of the Cardinals 10 best-attended games men's* home games (all at the Montagne Center). <br>*Note: Record home attendance for a Lady Cardinals game at the Montagne Center of 9,143 was on March 17, 1991 vs the LSU Lady Tigers. Below is a list of the attendance by year since the Cardinals moved into the Montagne Center. </doc> <doc id="2344651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344651" title="UNT Coliseum"> UNT Coliseum The UNT Coliseum is a 9,797-seat multi-purpose arena located in Denton, Texas, United States built in 1973. Despite being home to the North Texas Mean Green men's and women's basketball teams, the athletic department rents the building from the University of North Texas. For non-athletic functions, the arena is known as the Coliseum and for athletic functions the arena is known as the Super Pit, a nickname derived from its proximity to the former home of the Mean Green basketball teams, the Ken Bahnsen Gym, nicknamed the "Snake Pit". It is the largest basketball arena in Conference USA. The arena opened in 1973 and has undergone very few changes since its opening, mainly due to the unusual physical construction of the building in which the lower concourse is supported by beams underneath the walkways that run the length of the building as well as the media section being placed at half court on the West side of the arena. Due to the prior home of the Mean Green being famous for noise, the Coliseum was designed specifically to retain noise and as such, the Mean Green have maintained a high winning percentage at the facility. In recent years upgrades, however, have been few and fair in between with the exception of the seats being repainted green from their original color of brown and the stadium's sound and video boards undergoing a massive renovation with the introduction of 4 center-hung LED scoreboards. Despite the building's main usage as the home of the Mean Green, over the years it has hosted many famous concerts, notably Pearl Jam in 1993 and J. Cole in 2014. In addition to concerts, the arena routinely holds area graduations, festivals, cheer, dance and gymnastic competitions and has hosted the 1988 Southland Conference Tournament. It was also highly lauded upon completion, holding first and second round games of the 1976 NCAA Basketball Tournaments. North Texas has compiled a winning percentage of over .640 at the Pit. During the 1975-1983 era under men’s coach Bill Blakeley, North Texas, playing primarily as an independent, recorded three twenty-win seasons, its first-ever top-20 ranking, the four biggest crowds in Super Pit history and memorable wins over Texas, Kansas State and a sell-out crowd against SMU, which to this date, is the highest-attended basketball game at the arena. Due to the facility's age, the current UNT administration is looking into large-scale renovations of the aging facility, citing the notoriously poor lighting and need for improved infrastructure. </doc> <doc id="2344655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344655" title="Monet Mazur"> Monet Mazur Monet H. Mazur (born April 17, 1976) is an American film and television actress. Mazur was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Ruby Mazur, an illustrator known for creating the "tongue" logo for the Rolling Stones, and her mother Valerie Chasin, who was a model. Mazur is the oldest of four siblings, the only daughter, all given first names that are the last names of famous artists (Monet, a brother named for Matisse, and twin brothers named for Cézanne and Miro). Mazur is of Jewish ancestry on her father's side. Mazur's cousin is Epic Mazur of the band Crazy Town, in which she appeared in the music video to their song "Revolving Door" alongside Kimberly Stewart. In the summer of 2005, Mazur gave birth to son Marlon, her first child, with husband, British film director Alex de Rakoff, whom she married in April 2005. In 2011, they had a second child, named Luciano Cy. Mazur began modeling and acting in her teens. One of her most well-known ad campaigns are the three TV commercials for Gap she did with director Adam Daelay in 1999: "Everybody in Cords", "Everybody in Leather" and "Everybody in Vests" in which she sings. She has appeared in a number of widely released films in the past several years, including "Torque", "Dead Man Running, Monster-in-Law, Stoned" and "Just Married". She has also appeared in several television shows, including "Castle", "", "Cold Case", "Strange World", "Chuck"", and Rizzoli & Isles." Early in the first (2009) season of the television series "", Mazur appeared in a single episode as a Secret Service agent who is enamored with Chris O'Donnell's lead character. While the role was to potentially be recurring, Mazur’s character did not reappear on the series. She appeared in three episodes, over 2009 and 2010, of "Castle" as Gina, the publisher and ex-wife of character Richard Castle. </doc> <doc id="2344667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344667" title="First National Bank Arena"> First National Bank Arena First National Bank Arena is a 10,475-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Arkansas State University, and is home to their college basketball team, the Red Wolves. First National Bank Arena has three separate public venues including a 217-seat Auditorium, a banquet/meeting room that can be divided into 3 smaller meeting rooms, and the main arena, which has permanent seating for 10,475. First National Bank Arena hosts hundreds of events each year in these three venues, and well over 100,000 people walk through its doors each year. The first event was a concert by country music legend George Strait. Throughout the years, First National Bank Arena has been host to many superstars including Dolly Parton, Garth Brooks, Alabama, Reba McEntire, in the 1980s to Rascal Flatts, Taylor Swift, Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood, Jason Aldean and Eric Church in the last five years. WWE has used First National Bank Arena for a Live Raw event. The Sun Belt Conference uses the versatile building to host the Indoor Track & Field Championships every other year. The building is home to Arkansas State University Men's & Women's Basketball as well as Women's Volleyball. Each team has an updated (2010) home locker room, an updated (2009) weight room, and an updated (2010) media room. There are four visitor locker rooms, as well as smaller, official locker rooms throughout the building. In 2012, the original scoreboard and sound system (from 1987) were replaced with four 25' × 12' HD video boards and a 28-speaker sound system. Also in 2012, an entirely new roof was installed, as well as upgrades to the Administrative Offices and Box Office. </doc> <doc id="2344672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344672" title="Fort Loudoun State Historic Park"> Fort Loudoun State Historic Park Fort Loudoun State Historic Park is a state park in Monroe County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It houses the reconstructed Fort Loudoun along with an interpretive center and recreation area. Park staff also maintain the nearby Tellico Blockhouse site. The state park is located off State Route 360 south of Vonore. Along with the reconstructed fort, the park has a visitors center and museum, and one picnic shelter/pavilion. </doc> <doc id="2344676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344676" title="Wake no Kiyomaro"> Wake no Kiyomaro The following year, however, Empress Shōtoku died. She was succeeded by Emperor Kōnin, who in turn exiled Dōkyō to Shimotsuke Province and not only recalled Wake no Kiyomaro from exile, but also appointed him as both "kami" (governor) of Bizen Province and "Udaijin" (junior minister of state). The following year, he petitioned the governor of Dazaifu to send officials to Usa to investigate allegations of "fraudulent oracles"; in his later report, Wake no Kiyomaro stated that out of five oracles checked, two were found to be fabricated. This resulted in the government relieving Usa no Ikemori of his position as head priest and replacing him with the previously-disgraced Ōga no Tamaro. Following this, Wake no Kiyomaro returned to Yamato. He remained a trusted advisor to Emperor Kammu; in the spring of 793, he convinced the emperor to abandon the delay-plagued construction of a capital at Nagaoka and instead seek another location to the northeast, at Heian-kyō (modern-day Kyōto. His face appeared on 10-yen notes issued from 1888. </doc> <doc id="2344686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344686" title="Murphy Center"> Murphy Center Charles M. Murphy Athletic Center (commonly known as the Murphy Center) is the name of the main athletic department building at Middle Tennessee State University in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. The building opened December 11, 1972, and is named in honor of former athletics director Charles M. "Bubber" Murphy, a standout athlete at the college in the 1930s, who also served as head coach of Middle Tennessee State's football (1947-1968), basketball (1948-1949), and baseball (1951, 1953-1955) programs. Located on the northwest edge of MTSU's campus, adjacent to Johnny "Red" Floyd Stadium, Murphy Center houses most of the university's athletics offices, some classroom space, multiple practice gymnasiums, training rooms, locker rooms, weight rooms, dance studios, racquetball courts and, most notably, the 11,520-seat multi-purpose Monte Hale Arena. The building's campus abbreviation is MC. Though the building appears to sit atop a hill, it is actually two levels high, with most of the first floor situated behind a berm. The first level contains Murphy Center's offices and facilities, which are positioned in a square under the arena's seating bowl. The arena floor itself is also on the first level, and is accessible from any of four portals. The main arena concourse makes up the second level, which is entirely above ground, and its exterior walls are composed completely of windows and metal frames. As a result, Murphy Center has earned the nickname "The Glass House". During the day, the interior of the arena is bathed with natural sunlight, so much so that a curtain was installed on the western side of the building to prevent glare during afternoon events. The bleacher sections on the concourse also help to shield the arena floor from the light. Monte Hale Arena is home to the MTSU Blue Raiders men's and women's basketball teams, and features a bowl of permanent box seats around the basketball floor and seventeen (originally eighteen) sections of retractable bleachers on the concourse above the bowl. The bleachers usually remain in their retracted state and are only opened for events in which the expected attendance is larger than the bowl of box seats will allow. The arena's seating structure is designed to be identical to the original configuration of the Joyce Center at the University of Notre Dame. The arena itself is named in memory of Monte Hale, MTSU Athletics' radio play-by-play voice from 1961 to 1981, although it is most often simply called "Murphy Center", the name of the building that houses it. The first basketball game at Murphy Center featured the MTSU men's team hosting Vanderbilt on the arena's opening night. The Commodores defeated the Blue Raiders 69-57. Murphy Center has hosted countless basketball games, and a few of those have been sold out. The largest crowd ever to witness a game on the hardwood of Monte Hale Arena was 11,807 on February 26, 2004, when the Blue Raiders defeated the WKU Hilltoppers 73-59. Other sold out sporting events include the women's basketball team's game on November 25, 2009 against the Tennessee Lady Vols. A crowd of 11,802 witnessed a close game but UT victory, 69-52. The arena has also hosted the Ohio Valley Conference men's basketball tournament three times: 1975, 1985 and 1987; and hosted the Sun Belt Conference men's and women's basketball tournaments in 2006. Monte Hale Arena also serves as home to the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association's (TSSAA) boys and girls Division I state high school basketball championships each March. Select matches of the 2010 Sun Belt Conference Volleyball Tournament were held inside Murphy Center. The final matches of the TSSAA volleyball championships are held inside Murphy Center each October. The Lady Raiders volleyball team staged matches in Murphy Center until 2002, when the program moved to the neighboring Alumni Memorial Gymnasium. When the bleachers are retracted, the upper concourse of the arena can also serve as an indoor track and field facility. The texture of the concourse's floor is designed to accommodate such events, and the lines for the running lanes are permanently painted onto the floor. Murphy Center has been home to 24 total Ohio Valley and Sun Belt Conference Indoor Championships. Murphy Center is also famous for the creation of NCAA Indoor Last Chance Meets. In 1976, MTSU head coach track and field coach Dean Hayes got together with several other coaches looking for one final opportunity for their athletes to qualify for the NCAA Indoor Championships. The coaches held a meet at Murphy Center the week before the nationals, that would later go on to be known as NCAA Last Chance Meets. Today, there are at least six Last Chance Meets around the nation including; Ames, Iowa (Iowa State), South Bend, Ind. (Notre Dame), Blacksburg, Va. (Virginia Tech), Lincoln, Neb. (Nebraska), Fayetteville, Ark. (Arkansas), and Gainesville, Fla. (Florida). Especially during the 1970s and 1980s, but even through the late 1990s, Murphy Center was one of the Nashville area's premier concert venues, having the largest capacity of any suitable indoor facility in the region. Notably, Elvis Presley played a series of five sold out shows in the arena in 1974 & 1975. On February 20, 1989, Bon Jovi played to a sold-out, standing room only crowd as part of their New Jersey Syndicate Tour at the Center. However, the frequency and notability of concerts began to drop as trends changed. Large touring shows became more elaborate and demanded larger and more modern venues, such as Starwood Amphitheatre in Antioch (built in 1985, closed in 2006) and Bridgestone Arena in Nashville (built in 1996). Occasional concerts are still staged at Murphy Center, although they are typically geared toward the MTSU student body and feature lower-tier artists that draw smaller crowds. In 1991, Murphy Center gained notability as the site of The Judds' farewell concert as regular touring act (though they have since performed several shows together). Portions of Garth Brooks' 1992 NBC television special, "This Is Garth Brooks", were also filmed at Murphy Center. Monte Hale Arena inside Murphy Center is used for occasional convocations of MTSU students, including CUSTOMS events for incoming freshmen and transfers. Homecoming week festivities and student-oriented concerts are also held inside the arena. MTSU's graduation ceremonies take place at Murphy Center each May, August, and December. Several area high schools also regularly use Murphy Center to host graduation ceremonies. The idea of a new arena for then-Middle Tennessee State College was conceptualized by school President Quill E. Cope in the early 1960s, as a response to MTSC's growth. Crowds for basketball games were getting too large for Memorial Gymnasium (now Alumni Memorial Gymnasium) to hold. Original plans had called for a 7,500-seat basketball-only facility and a separate building for the athletic department offices and field sports. When Cope retired in 1967, new University President Mel Scarlett combined the two concepts into one facility and envisioned a larger arena that could accommodate sports and other events, with a side benefit being the ability to move graduation ceremonies indoors. An architect was hired in 1968, construction began on Murphy Center in 1971, and the building opened on December 11, 1972. In April 2012, the retractable bleachers in Section D were destroyed when the retraction motor malfunctioned and caused the structure to collapse. The arena was not in use at the time and no one was injured. , the section of bleachers has not been replaced. After the incident, the remaining seventeen bleacher sections passed inspection and showed no further issues, but as a precautionary measure, their motors were replaced later that year. In a 2011 interview with "The Daily News Journal", MTSU Athletics Director Chris Massaro envisioned a new indoor track facility elsewhere on campus that would allow the bleachers to be removed and replaced with suites. The building underwent significant renovations in recent years to modernize the roof, lighting, air conditioning system, concession stands, and restrooms. In addition, adjustable curtains were installed over some of the eastern and southern windows of the arena to further prevent sunlight glare during afternoon events, especially for the benefit of those viewing the events on television. The $12.64 million project began in December 2013, and was completed prior to the 2014-15 basketball season. The upgrades were completed in phases in order to prevent total closure and keep the building functional for most events through the renovation period, although area high school graduations were moved elsewhere. As a result of the 2014 renovations, the white foam waffle-shaped ceiling panels, a highly-visible and distinctive characteristic of Monte Hale Arena, were permanently removed. The tiles had been an aesthetic design element upon the arena's construction, and also acted as an acoustic buffer. Following the renovations, Murphy Center's ceiling was painted black, and acoustic curtains were installed to help absorb noise. Other improvements implemented since 2002 include a new wooden floor, all-new blue seats in the reserved seating sections, two new scoreboards (one above the bleachers at each end of the court) with high-definition videoboards included, four new LED video scoreboards (one above each of the four tunnels at the corners of the court), a new sound system, and modernizing the existing bleacher sections (painting gray, replacing retraction motors, and bringing to ADA standards). The court's design was rotated 180 degrees, along with correspondingly moving the benches, scorers' table, and media row to the opposite sides in order to better accommodate television broadcasts. The locker rooms for the men's tennis and men's & women's basketball teams have been completely renovated as well. </doc> <doc id="2344697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344697" title="Milton (horse)"> Milton (horse) 'Marius Silver Jubilee', better known as 'Milton' (16 February 1977 – 4 July 1999) was a successful showjumping horse ridden by John Whitaker. He was a grey gelding and stood high at the withers. Foaled in 1977, Milton was by Dutch Warmblood Marius, out of Irish Draught Aston Answers. His lines included successful sportshorses in both paternal and maternal lines, his sire being an international level and his dam a Grade A national level jumper. When Milton was young, Caroline Bradley, who had ridden Marius to international success, told her parents he would be her Olympic mount. She trained him until her death in 1983, after which many offers were made to her parents to buy the gelding, who had already proven his talent. They kept the horse. Stephen Hadley, known later as a FEI TV show jumping commentator, rode Milton for a short time, before he became a mount of the world-renowned international rider John Whitaker. Milton entered international competition in 1985. During his competitive career, Milton achieved many international victories, and became the first horse outside the racing world to win more than £1 million in prize money. Throughout his career, Milton rarely touched a rail or refused a fence. The gelding was a favourite with the crowd, many times ending a successful round with a leap into the air. Even after his retirement at the 1994 Olympia Horse Show, he was adored by all. Milton died on 4 July 1999. He was buried on the Whitakers' farm in Yorkshire. </doc> <doc id="2344705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344705" title="Lakefront Arena"> Lakefront Arena The Senator Nat G. Kiefer University of New Orleans Lakefront Arena (commonly Lakefront Arena or UNO Lakefront Arena) is an 8,933-seat multi-purpose arena located in New Orleans, Louisiana. The arena is home to the University of New Orleans Privateers men's and women's basketball teams. It was built in 1983 and is named in honor of Nat G. Kiefer, the late state senator who aided UNO's efforts to obtain state funding for the building. It is part of the university's East Campus, where most of the school's athletic facilities are located. Lakefront arena is the home venue for both the New Orleans Privateers men's and women's basketball teams. The arena hosted the 1991 NCAA Women's basketball Final Four, where the University of Tennessee beat the University of Virginia for their third national title. The arena was contracted to host the men's and women's Sun Belt Conference basketball tournaments between 2014 and 2019. The arena previously hosted the 2002 men's Sun Belt Conference basketball tournament. The arena is also notable for hosting Larry Bird's career-high of 60 points on March 12, 1985, against the Atlanta Hawks, who were hosting a series of special "home" games in New Orleans during the 1984–1985 season. The Harlem Globetrotters have also played at the arena. On July 14, 2018, a full card was held at the arena with a co-main event of Regis Prograis versus Juan Jose Velasco for the WBC Super Lightweight Diamond Belt and William Silva versus Teofimo Lopez for the WBC Continental Americas title. UFC 27 was held at the arena in September 2000. Lakefront Arena plays host to flat-track roller derby games held by the Big Easy Rollergirls, a member league of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association, and the New Orleans Brass Roller Derby, a member league of the Men's Roller Derby Association. These games include the Big Easy Rollergirls' annual "SweatFest" invitational tournament, which features competition among high-ranking WFTDA leagues. The UNO Aquatic Center is located in the arena and on the arena grounds. It has been home to the UNO men's and women's swimming and diving teams. The aquatic center has also hosted many national and state events including Sugar Bowl Swimming meets, AAU National Championships and Junior Olympics, LHSAA State meets, Syncro National competition, and hosted the 2010 Short Course and Long Course state meets. From 2008 to 2011, the arena along with the Human Performance Center were the home venues for the New Orleans Privateers volleyball team. The arena has hosted LHSAA state wrestling tournaments. Ring of Honor wrestling's Supercard of Honor XII was hosted at Lakefront Arena on April 7, 2018 during WrestleMania 34 weekend. The arena also hosts graduations and concerts, such as 3 Doors Down, 311, AC/DC, Aerosmith, Anthrax, Blink-182, Brandy, Britney Spears, Carrie Underwood, Christina Aguilera, Daughtry, Def Leppard, Demi Lovato, Eric Church, Exodus, Great White, Guns N' Roses, Helloween, Kid Rock, Kix, Korn, Lady Gaga, Limp Bizkit, Mötley Crüe, Nas, Ne-Yo, Poison, Rammstein, Ratt, Pearl Jam , Red Hot Chili Peppers, R.E.M., Rush, Scorpions, Skid Row, Slipknot, Tesla, The Black Keys, The Grateful Dead, Widespread Panic, Tom Petty, Trixter, Van Halen, Warrant, White Lion, Whitesnake, Xandria and Zac Brown Band. Sting performed during his Symphonicities Tour on June 26, 2010, along with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. During their "Walking Into Everywhere" tour, Jimmy Page and Robert Plant performed on October 1, 1998 and the show was recorded for later broadcast by Westwood One. Events held at the arena have included Disney on Ice, Sesame Street Live, Shrine Circus, "So You Think You Can Dance": The Tour, WWE and Fox's singer search program The X Factor. Comedians such as Bill Cosby, Robin Williams, Katt Williams and Dave Chappelle have performed at the venue. Pope John Paul II celebrated mass to over 150,000 people on the grounds of the arena and prominent political figures such as Bill Clinton and John Kerry have also spoken at the arena. Large festivals, including Lollapalooza and Steel Pony Express have also been held on the grounds. In August 2005, as a result of massive damages sustained during Hurricane Katrina, the building closed for substantial repairs and renovations for nearly three years. During this time, the school's men's and women's basketball teams played their home games in their former home, the Human Performance Center (or "The Chamber of Horrors" as it grew to be known during the late '70s and early '80s). The arena held its grand re-opening May 2, 2008. Disney's "" was the first show to perform. </doc> <doc id="2344716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344716" title="Minamoto no Yoshiie"> Minamoto no Yoshiie Minamoto No Yoshiie (源 義家; 1039 – 4 August 1106), also known as Hachimantarō, was a Minamoto clan samurai of the late Heian period, and "Chinjufu-shōgun" (Commander-in-chief of the defense of the North). The first son of Minamoto no Yoriyoshi, he proved himself in battle with the Abe clan in the Zenkunen War (Early Nine Years' War) and the Kiyohara clan in the Gosannen War (Later Three Years' War). Subsequently, he became something of a paragon of samurai skill and bravery. In 1050, Abe no Yoritokiie wave the post of "Chinjufu-shōgun", as the Abe clan had for many generations; he was the chief commander of the defense of northern Honshū against the native Ezo (Ainu) people. Effectively, however, Yoritoki commanded the entire region, denying the official Governor any true power. As a result, Yoshiie's father was appointed both "chinjufu shōgun" and governor, and Yoshiie traveled north with him to resolve the situation. The campaign against the Abe clan lasted twelve years (nine, with three years truce). Yoshiie fought alongside his father in most if not every battle, including the Battle of Kawasaki and the Siege of Kuriyagawa. Abe no Yoritoki died in 1057, but his son Abe no Sadato took up command of his father's forces. Yoriyoshi's first son, Hachimantarō, gave hot pursuit along the Koromo River and called out, 'Sir, you show your back to your enemy! Aren't you ashamed? Turn around a minute, I have something to tell you.' When Sadato turned around, Yoshiie said: "Koromo no tate wa hokorobinikeri " Sadato relaxed his reins somewhat and, turning his helmeted head, followed that with: "toshi o heishi ito no midare no kurushisa ni" Hearing this, Yoshiie put away the arrow he had readied to shoot, and returned to his camp. In the midst of such a savage battle, that was a gentlemanly thing to do. Yoshiie returned to Kyoto in early 1063 with the heads of Abe no Sadato and a number of others. As a result of his dramatic prowess in battle, he earned the name Hachimantarō, referring to him as the son of Hachiman, the god of war. The following year, Yoshiie took several followers of the Abe, who he had taken as captives, as attendants. Over twenty years later, Yoshiie was the chief commander in another important conflict of the Heian period. Beginning in 1083, he battled the Kiyohara family, who had fought alongside him and his father against the Abe, but who had since proven themselves poor rulers of the northern provinces. Named Governor of Mutsu province in 1083, Yoshiie took it upon himself, without orders from the Imperial Court, to bring some peace and order to the region. A series of disputes between Kiyohara no Masahira, Narihira, and Iehira over leadership of the clan had turned to violence. There emerged a series of battles and skirmishes between Yoshiie's forces and those of the various Kiyohara sub-factions. Everything came to a head in 1087, at the Kanazawa stockade. Yoshiie, along with his younger brother Minamoto no Yoshimitsu and Fujiwara Kiyohira, assaulted the position held by Kiyohara no Iehira and his uncle Kiyohara no Takahira. After many months of failed starts and skirmishes, the stockade was set aflame, and the Kiyohara defeated; Takahira and Iehira were killed. The Minamoto forces suffered great losses as well, and it is said that Yoshiie was an especially skilled leader, keeping morale up and preserving a degree of discipline among the warriors. "Yoshiiye returned to Kyoto, where he and his comrades resumed their military posts in command of Palace Guards and the Sovereign's Escorts." The only drama occurred when his eldest son, Yoshichika was banished to Sanuki. Escaping to Izumo, Yoshichika started a revolt which was put down in 1108 by Taira general Masamori, father of Taira no Tadamori. </doc> <doc id="2344730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344730" title="Mitchell Center"> Mitchell Center Mitchell Center is a 10,041-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of the University of South Alabama in Mobile, Alabama. It was completed in 1998 and is the home court for University of South Alabama Jaguars basketball teams. The Center is named for the Mitchell family, local real estate developers who have given over US$35 million to various University causes (both the Mitchell Cancer Institute and the Mitchell College of Business are named for them), including $1 million for construction of the Center. The venue can seat 3,500 for theatrical presentations, 7,354 for front-of-arena concerts, 8,777 for the circus and auto racing, and 10,800 for full-arena concerts. The arena contains of arena floor space, of meeting rooms space and an additional in the Globe area, where the Waterman Globe is located. The arena's eight-sided center-hung scoreboard has four video screens. There are 16 ticket windows, a 14,000-watt sound system, a 60-by-40-foot portable stage, four dressing and two team locker rooms, a training room, a production office and in-house catering. The arena measures 63'8" from the floor to the roof. There is parking for 4,450 cars within a ten-minute walk of the arena, including 450 at the arena itself. The Mitchell Center hosted the 2001 and 2008 Sun Belt Conference men’s basketball tournaments. The Mitchell Center hosted its first ever NBA basketball game between the New Orleans Hornets and Miami Heat on October 23, 2008. In the spring of 2011, the Mitchell Center was home to the Mobile Bay Tarpons of the Southern Indoor Football League. On the May 8, 2007, edition of "Lunch with Lee" on WNSP in Mobile, recently hired head basketball coach Ronnie Arrow called the Mitchell Center "the best arena in the state of Alabama." The Mitchell Center's north entrance is graced by the Waterman Globe which originally rested in the Waterman Building (now the Wachovia Building) from 1948 through 1973 and was a major attraction in downtown Mobile. The Rand McNally Map Company painted the original aluminum exterior of the diameter globe, which depicts countries as they were in the 1940s. The reconstructed globe rotates once every three minutes and 50 seconds. The globe's axis is identical to the Earth's. The Waterman Globe was part of a total display of painted murals until it was cut into 300 pieces of scrap. Former USA President Frederick P. Whiddon saved the globe and stored it for more than 20 years, anticipating its restoration. USA engineering technician Lanny McCormick completed the arduous task of reconstructing the globe in 1996. Local artist Joe Wilson worked as a modern-day Michelangelo, lying on his back at the globe's new home in the Mitchell Center to restore the paint. The railing around the globe is original but augmented by new vertical brass safety bars. The globe’s steel base was recycled from a retired USA campus soccer goal. The globe made its second Mobile debut at the May 1999 USA Spring Commencement, which marked the opening of the Mitchell Center. </doc> <doc id="2344732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344732" title="Thompson Springs, Utah"> Thompson Springs, Utah Thompson Springs, also officially known for a time as just Thompson, is a small census-designated place in central Grand County, Utah, United States. The population was 39 at the 2010 census. The town is just north of the east-west highway route shared by Interstate 70, U.S. Route 6 and U.S. Route 50, between Crescent Junction and Cisco. Moab, the county seat, is to the south. Thompson Springs is located in high desert country at an elevation of , with the Book Cliffs just to the north. The town's ZIP code is 84540. Evidence of human habitation or use of the Thompson Springs area can be dated back to the Archaic Period, when beautiful pictographs were left in Sego Canyon. Subsequent Anasazi, Fremont, and Ute tribes have also left their mark upon the area. Thompson Springs was named for E.W. Thompson, who lived near the springs and operated a sawmill to the north near the Book Cliffs. The town began life in the late nineteenth century as a station stop on the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad (D&RGW), which had been completed through the area in 1883. A post office at the site was established in 1890, under the name "Thompson's". (The official designation by the United States Postal Service is still "Thompson".) The town was a community center for the small number of farmers and ranchers living in the inhospitable region, and it was also a prominent shipping point for cattle that were run in the Book Cliffs area. Stockmen from both San Juan and Grand counties used Thompson. Thompson gained importance in the early twentieth century due to the development of coal mines in Sego Canyon, north of town. Commercial mining in Sego Canyon began in 1911, and that year the Ballard and Thompson Railroad was constructed to connect the mines with the railhead at Thompson. The railroad branchline and mines continued operating until about 1950. For many years the city was served by various D&RGW passenger trains, including the "Scenic Limited", the "Exposition Flyer", the "Prospector", the "California Zephyr", and the "Rio Grande Zephyr". Although Amtrak (the National Railroad Passenger Corporation) took over nearly all passenger rail service in the United States in 1971, the D&RGW continued service through the area until 1983. Subsequently, for the next fourteen years, the city was served by various Amtrak trains, including the "California Zephyr", the "Desert Wind", and the "Pioneer". Construction of I-70 two miles south of Thompson Springs drew traffic away from the city as the former Old Cisco Highway (US 6 and US-50) (now named Frontage Road) was no longer used. The later movement of the passenger train stop about to the west in Green River (Green River station) in 1997 led to further economic hardship for Thompson Springs. The original name for this settlement was "Thompson Springs", a name that was reinstated in 1985. Much of the town is uninhabited today, although there are still some operating businesses in the immediate vicinity of I-70. The Moab Uranium Mill Tailings Remedial Action (UMTRA) Project is a uranium tailings removal and relocation project that promises to bring jobs to the area as tailings from the Atlas Mineral Company's tailings ponds outside of Moab will be moved to Crescent Junction, about west of Thompson Springs. As of the census of 2010, there were 39 people residing in the CDP. There were 43 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 94.9% White, and 5.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0% of the population. Thompson Springs is the site of several well-preserved groups of pictographs and petroglyphs left by early Native Americans. The Fremont culture thrived from A.D. 600 to 1250 and was a contemporary with the Anasazi culture of the Four Corners area. There is also rock art from the Archaic period dating from 7000 B.C., the Barrier Canyon period from around 2000 B.C., and the Ute tribe dating from A.D. 1300. </doc> <doc id="2344735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344735" title="Warren Silver"> Warren Silver Warren M. Silver (born 1948) is an American lawyer and state supreme court justice. Silver attended Presque Isle High School and earned his undergraduate degree at Tufts University. He followed his undergraduate work by studying law at American University's Washington College of Law. After his graduation in 1973, Silver returned to Maine, and in 1977, established a law practice in Bangor, Maine. Silver operated his practice, during which he represented Stephen King and served on the Board of Governors of the Maine Trial Lawyers Association and as Chairman of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court's Civil Rules Committee, until early July 2005 when he sold it and its building to Cuddy and Lanham, another Bangor-based law firm. Silver also earned a seat on the Bangor Museum and Center for History board of directors. He was nominated by Governor John Baldacci to replace Justice Paul L. Rudman who retired at the start of July 2005. On July 30, 2005, Silver was sworn in as the 106th associate justice of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court. He retired from the court on December 31, 2014. </doc> <doc id="2344737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344737" title="Spalding"> Spalding Spalding may refer to: Australia Canada England United States </doc> <doc id="2344742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344742" title="Dobels Cento"> Dobels Cento Dobel's Cento was a horse who competed in International Grand Prix show jumping competitions. He stands 16.3½ hh (171 cm) and stands at stud, approved for Oldenburg, Rhinelander and Belgian Warmblood. Born in 1989, Dobel's Cento has already had several International wins in show jumping (as of 2005). Under German rider Otto Becker, the stallion has also received medals in the past 2 Summer Olympic Games. He was bred by Heinrich Schoof of Büsum, Germany. </doc> <doc id="2344746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344746" title="List of mayors of Williamsport, Pennsylvania"> List of mayors of Williamsport, Pennsylvania This is a list of mayors of the City of Williamsport, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, from 1866–present. </doc> <doc id="2344754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344754" title="Army Medical Department (United States)"> Army Medical Department (United States) The Army Medical Department of the U.S. Army (AMEDD), formerly the Army Medical Service (AMS), encompasses the Army's six medical Special Branches (or "Corps"). It was established as the "Army Hospital" in July 1775 to coordinate the medical care required by the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War. The AMEDD is led by the Surgeon General of the U.S. Army, a lieutenant general. The AMEDD is the U.S. Army's healthcare organization (as opposed to an Army Command), and is present in the Active Army, the U.S. Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard components. It is headquartered at Fort Sam Houston, San Antonio, Texas, which hosts the AMEDD Center and School (AMEDDC&S). Large numbers of AMEDD senior leaders can also be found in the Washington D.C. area, divided between the Pentagon and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center (WRNMMC). The Academy of Health Sciences, within the AMEDDC&S, provides training to the officers and enlisted service members of the AMEDD. As a result of BRAC 2005, enlisted medical training was transferred to the new Medical Education and Training Campus, consolidating the majority of military-enlisted medical training in Fort Sam Houston. The current Surgeon General of the U.S. Army and U.S. Army Medical Command (MEDCOM) commander is LTG Nadja West. Both the AMEDD and the Army Medical Corps trace their origins back to July 27, 1775, when the Continental Congress established the "Army Hospital", which was at that time overseen by the "Director General and Chief Physician". Congress provided an Army medical organization only in times of war or emergency until 1818, at which point it created a permanent "Medical Department". The Army Nurse Corps originated in 1901, the Dental Corps began in 1911, the Veterinary Corps in 1916; the Medical Service Corps emerged in 1917; and the Army Medical Specialist Corps came into existence in 1947. The Army Organization Act of 1950 renamed the Medical Department the "Army Medical Service," and on June 4, 1968, the Army Medical Service was renamed the Army Medical Department. A regimental coat of arms was devised for the Medical Department, and was most likely first used in 1818. The 20 white stars on a blue background and the red and white stripes represent the U.S. flag of 1818. The green staff entwined with a green serpent combined two symbols: the rod of Asclepius from classical mythology, symbolic of medicine and healing; and the color green associated with the Medical Corps during the last half of the 19th century. The colors Argent (silver/white) and Gules (red) are those associated with the flag of the United States. The rooster is associated with the ancient Greek and Roman god of healing and medicine, Aesculapius. The Ancient Greeks believed that the rooster’s crowing at dawn drove away the evil disease spreading demons from the temples so that it could be a place of healing. The torse (twisted rope) below the rooster shows alternating blue and silver colors which were the colors of the Army in 1818. The Latin motto "Experientia et Progressus", (Experience and Progress), is meant to convey the steady and unfailing progress of the Army Medical Department since 1775. The design of the AMEDD regimental insignia (crest) is derived from the regimental coat of arms. It is one of the US Army’s 14 regimental corps insignias. These insignias are worn over the right breast pocket on the Army Service Uniform (ASU) and signify the service member’s branch of service. The "new" AMEDD insignia was approved on 27 October 2014. In 1851, "a caduceus embroidered in yellow silk on a half chevron of emerald green silk" was first authorized and worn by hospital stewards of the Medical Department. The caduceus in its present form was approved in 1902. Today, the AMEDD branch corps insignia is a gold color medal caduceus, 1 inch in height. With the exception of the Medical Corps, each Corps is identified by a black enamel letter (or letters) centered on the caduceus indicative of the specific branch. The insignia for Medical Service Corps is silver. Rooted in classical mythology and associated with the Greek god Hermes, the US Army's long-standing use of the caduceus has made it a well known emblem of physicians and medical skill throughout the world. (Purists, however, often assert that the rod of Asclepius, with its single serpent, is the more proper medical emblem.) There are currently six special officer branches (corps) in the AMEDD. The Medical Corps consists of commissioned medical officers who are physicians (Doctors of Medicine and Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine) who have completed at least one year of post-graduate training (internship) or have been promoted from O-1 to O-3 following completion of medical school through USUHS or the HPSP. The MC traces its origins to 27 July 1775, when the Continental Congress created “a Hospital”, essentially a Medical Department and corps of physicians, for the Continental Army. Medical officers in the United States Army were authorized uniforms only in 1816 and were accorded military rank only in 1847. Congress made the designation of "Medical Corps" official in 1908, although the term had long been in use informally among the AMEDD's regular physicians. Today, members of the MC work around the world at all echelons of the Army. The Chief of the MC is a major general, whereas the senior Army Medical Department officer is the Surgeon General (a lieutenant general). Military physicians serve in one of several general career fields. The three main fields are operational field, clinical field, and research field. Operational Medicine is the field of Army medicine that provides medical support to the soldier and his/her Chain of Command. Many operational physicians serve as Division, Brigade and Battalion level surgeons (the word "surgeon" is used to identify a physician that is assigned to a unit as a primary care provider and not necessarily as a General Surgeon). These physicians are either assigned through the "PROFIS" system or through permanent assignment (PCS). Deployments with units to combat theaters are for the duration of a deployment and the jobs are mostly filled by primary care physicians. A PROFIS provider can expect to be deployed away from their family for a total of 16 months (1 month before deployment, 12 months in theater, and 3 months for "stabilization" after return to the assigned units home station). This means that primary care physicians are deployed for longer periods than most "specialist physicians". A specialist (i.e. General Surgeon, Pulmonologist, Cardiologist, Trauma Surgeon, Rheumatologist) are usually deployed for 6 months. Operational Physicians should expect that more than 60% of their time will be spent in administrative roles and non-patient care. 40% of the operational providers time is spent caring for soldiers or supervising unit Physician Assistants (PA). With the recent Brigade Combat Team (BCT) restructuring, the demand for operational surgeons have increased. It is possible that the low retention rates of Captains and junior Major rank Physicians in the primary care fields are due to the discrepancies in deployment length and deployment frequency between primary care and specialty physicians. Clinical Medicine is the field of Army medicine in which a physician in uniform performs similar functions to a physician in the civilian arena. These physicians are assigned to a PROFIS unit in one of the various Army MEDCEN (Medical Centers) and MEDDAC (Medical and Dental facilities). Primary care physicians usually deploy to fill battalion level surgeon positions. Medical specialists deploy to support CSH (combat support hospitals) Research Medicine is filled by a minority of military physicians. Most of these research physicians are based in larger Army Medical Centers and the research institutes. The Army Nurse Corps became a permanent corps of the Medical Department under the Army Reorganization Act (31 Stat. 753) passed by Congress on 2 February 1901. Its motto is "EMBRACE THE PAST – ENGAGE THE PRESENT – ENVISION THE FUTURE" and its mission statement declares "All actions and tasks must lead and work toward promoting the wellness of Warriors and their families, supporting the delivery of Warrior and family healthcare, and all those entrusted to our care and ultimately, positioning the Army Nurse Corps as a force multiplier for the future of military medicine." The Dental Corps (DC) consists of commissioned officers holding the Doctor of Dental Surgery (DDS) degree or Doctor of Dental Medicine (DMD) degree. The chief of the Dental Corps is a major general. Enlisted soldiers may be assigned as dental assistants, although their collar insignia lacks the 'D' and is the same as that worn by medics. Army Dental Corps Officers may train further in the following advanced training programs after Dental School: The US Army currently offers fellowship training in the following areas for Dental Corps Officers (applicants must have already completed a recognized specialty training program): The following ADA recognized specialties are not represented in the US Army Dental Corps: The chief of the Army Dental Corps is Major General Thomas R. "Rob" Tempel, Jr. His father, Major General Thomas R. Tempel, Sr. served as Chief of the Army Dental Corps from 1990-1994. The U.S. Army Veterinary Corps was established by an Act of Congress on 3 June 1916. Recognition of the need for veterinary expertise had been evolving since 1776 when General Washington directed that a "regiment of horse with a farrier" be raised. It has evolved to include sanitary food inspectors and animal healthcare specialists. The Veterinary Corps consists of commissioned doctors of veterinary medicine. Warrant officers are the core of its food inspection service. Enlisted personnel can serve as food inspection specialists and veterinary technicians; enlisted personnel's collar insignia lacks the 'V' and is the same as that worn by medics. The Chief of the Veterinary Corps is Brigadier General Erik H Torring, III. The Medical Service Corps consists of commissioned and warrant officers. Members are required to hold at least a bachelor's degree before receiving a commission. The MSC has the greatest range of duties performed by personnel. These may include administrative and support duties such as healthcare administrators, health services officers in operational units, healthcare comptrollers, healthcare informatics officers, patient administrators, health service human resource managers, health physicists, toxicologists, sanitary engineers, medical operations and plans officers, medical logisticians, health services maintenance technicians, and medical evacuation pilots. MSC officers serve in clinical support roles as clinical laboratory science officers, environmental science officers, pharmacists and preventive medicine officers. Medical Service Corps officers serve as commanders of field medical units in garrison and combat environments, and provide healthcare to patients as psychologists (PhD, PsyD), social workers (MSW with state license), optometrists, pharmacist, podiatrists, and audiologists. The Medical Service Corps also functions as a transitional branch, encompassing commissioned medical, dental, and veterinary students who have not completed their training through the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS) or the Health Professions Scholarship Program (HPSP). Medical Service Corps officers are drawn from the various Army commissioning sources (USMA, ROTC, and the federal and state Officer Candidate Schools) following a branch-immaterial curriculum. Since a primary function of the Medical Service Corps is to manage combat health support activities, its officers hold general command authority and can compete for company and field grade command of medical support formations and detachments, as well as logistics and aviation commands along with officers of the "Army competitive category" branches (infantry, ordnance, quartermaster, etc.). In contrast, Medical Corps, Veterinary Corps and Dental Corps officers are limited to command billets specific to their respective corps (e.g. AMEDD Immaterial commands for Medical, Nurse, and Medical Specialist Corps officers; branch specific commands for Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Corps officers). The Chief of the Medical Service Corps is Major General Patrick D. Sargent. The Army Medical Specialist Corps consists of commissioned officers. Members hold professional degrees and serve as clinical dietitians, physical therapists, occupational therapists, and physician assistants. Members of the SP serve all around the world and at all echelons of the Army. The Chief of the SP Corps is COL John E. Balser. There are currently 24 Military Occupational Specialties (MOSs) for enlisted medical soldiers: In addition, outside the AMEDD, is the Special Forces Medical Sergeant (18D). </doc> <doc id="2344759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344759" title="E. A. Diddle Arena"> E. A. Diddle Arena E. A. Diddle Arena is a 7,326-seat multi-purpose arena in Bowling Green, Kentucky, United States. The arena, built in 1963, is home to the Western Kentucky University Hilltoppers men's basketball team and Lady Toppers basketball and volleyball teams. It is also known as Academic-Athletic Building #1. It also holds Military Science and Physical Education & Recreation classes and offices. Diddle Arena was built in 1963 and is named after legendary WKU men's coach and Basketball Hall of Famer Edgar "E.A." Diddle. It hosted the Ohio Valley Conference men's basketball tournament in 1976, 1978 and 1980–82 and has hosted the Sun Belt Conference men's basketball tournament four times. Dedicated on December 7, 1963, Diddle Arena has hosted some of the finest players and teams ever to play in the college ranks. Originally designed to seat 8,500 fans, the seating capacity has fluctuated over the years and by 1970 the arena had been adjusted to hold 13,508. The utility and versatility of the arena throughout the years has included the facility being the site of NCAA Regional Tournaments in both men's (1980) and women's basketball, the Kentucky High School Athletic Association's Girls' Sweet Sixteen basketball tournament from 2001 to 2015, and an NBA exhibition game. (The KHSAA tournament moved to BB&T Arena at Northern Kentucky University in 2016.) The facility has also hosted several Sun Belt Conference basketball tournaments, and was the site of the 2003 and 2009 SBC Volleyball Championship. Diddle Arena has staged numerous concerts, hosted WKU's annual spring and winter commencements, and has even welcomed the President of the United States during a 1988 visit by Ronald Reagan. The arena has hosted professional basketball, including Hall of Famers Dan Issel and Artis Gilmore, as the Kentucky Colonels played two games there before the 1976 ABA-NBA merger. 10,453 fans saw the Carolina Cougars defeat the Kentucky Colonels 94-82 on November 26, 1973 and 7,611 saw the Colonels defeat the San Diego Conquistadors 109-100 on November 30, 1974. In addition to being one of the homes for WKU athletics, Diddle Arena also contains classrooms and activity areas for the Department of Physical Education and Recreation as well as the WKU Army ROTC program. Some of the record crowds that the arena has hosted include 14,277 fans for a 1971 battle against former OVC arch-rival Murray State; 13,000 for the 1984 Wendy's Classic Final versus Louisiana Tech and All-American and future Hall of Famer Karl Malone; and 13,300 for a 1986 showdown with former Sun Belt Conference rival UAB. In 2002 a $32 million renovation was completed which reduced seating capacity to 7,381. The renovation also included: 16 luxury suites, all-new seating, two video boards, new concession and restroom areas, new playing floor, elevator access to all levels, new sound and lighting systems, two new auxiliary gyms totalling 30,000 square feet, new training and weight rooms, air-conditioning, and new locker and office space complex facilities. The renovation has been the focal point of WKU's extensive athletic complex makeover which has also included numerous enhancements to baseball's Nick Denes Field, the construction of the softball and soccer complex on Creason Drive and the expansion to football's Houchens Industries-L.T. Smith Stadium. </doc> <doc id="2344764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344764" title="Josef Klička"> Josef Klička Josef Klička (15 December 1855, Klatovy, Kingdom of Bohemia – 28 March 1937, Klatovy) was a Czech organist, violinist, composer, conductor and pedagogue. He produced several large organ compositions in the style of late romanticism; these have been recorded on CD. A graduate in organ-playing from the Conservatory in Prague, Klička subsequently worked as organist and conductor and eventually became acting professor at his old school. This was from 1892 to 1895, as deputy for Dvořák, then in the USA. Klička's son was Václav Klička (1882–1953), a harpist. Václav also taught for some years at the Prague Conservatory. </doc> <doc id="2344772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344772" title="Calexico Mission School"> Calexico Mission School Calexico Mission Academy is a school under the control of the Southeastern California Conference of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is a part of the Seventh-day Adventist education system, the world's second largest Christian school system. It is located in Calexico, CA, United States, and has just approximately 300 students in the K-12 levels, most of whom are from the neighbouring city of Mexicali, Mexico. The schools curriculum consists primarily of the standard courses taught at college preparatory schools across the world. All students are required to take classes in the core areas of English, Basic Sciences, Mathematics, a Foreign Language, and Social Sciences. All students take religion classes each year that they are enrolled. These classes cover topics in biblical history and Christian and denominational doctrines. Instructors in other disciplines also begin each class period with prayer or a short devotional thought, many which encourage student input. Weekly, the entire student body gathers together in the auditorium for an hour-long chapel service. Outside the classrooms there is year-round spiritually oriented programming that relies on student involvement. </doc> <doc id="2344777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344777" title="Lawlor Events Center"> Lawlor Events Center Lawlor Events Center is an 11,536-seat multi-purpose arena in Reno, Nevada located at the intersection of North Virginia Street and 15th Street on the University of Nevada, Reno campus. It is named after Jake Lawlor. It was built in 1983 and is home to the Nevada Wolf Pack basketball team. As the largest venue in Northern Nevada, the Lawlor Events Center also hosts boxing, concerts, conferences, PBR events, rodeos, WWE and other entertainment events. It is also the host for Washoe County School District high school graduations. Lawlor Events Center hosted the 1986 Big Sky Conference, 1996–2000 Big West Conference and 2005–2006 and 2009–2010 Western Athletic Conference men's basketball tournaments. The music video for Eddie Money's 1986 single "Take Me Home Tonight" was filmed at the arena. Tina Turner held her Twenty Four Seven Tour here on December 2, 2000. On August 1, 2003, rock band Fleetwood Mac performed at Lawlor, as part of their Say You Will Tour. </doc> <doc id="2344780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344780" title="Yakovlev Pchela"> Yakovlev Pchela The Yakovlev Pchela-1T (Пчела-1Т meaning bee) is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) manufactured by the Russian Yakovlev Design Bureau. Its primary use is for surveillance and observation in battlefield environments with downlinked video. Other implementations and uses include target designation and as a training target. The Pchela is launched using rocket assist by two solid-propellant booster rocket engines, and it is recovered via parachute. The Pchela-1T has a range of , flies at altitude at . The maximum takeoff weight for the vehicle is . Yak lists the vehicle endurance at two hours. </doc> <doc id="2344786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344786" title="Beatus Rhenanus"> Beatus Rhenanus Beatus Rhenanus (22 August 148520 July 1547), also known as Beatus Bild, was a German humanist, religious reformer, classical scholar, and book collector. Rhenanus was born in Schlettstadt (Sélestat) in Alsace. His father, Anton Bild, was a prosperous butcher from Rhinau (the source of his name "Rhenanus", which Beatus Latinised from his father, who was known as the "Rhinauer", the "man from Rheinau"). Anton emigrated to Schlettstadt and eventually became one of its Burgermeisters. He was able to provide his son with an excellent education. Rhenanus attended the famous Latin school of Schlettstadt, and in 1503, went to the University of Paris, where he came under the influence of Jacobus Faber Stapulensis, an eminent Aristotelian. In 1507, he returned to Schlettstadt and then moved to Strassburg (Strasbourg), where he worked for the printer Mathias Schurer and made the acquaintance of the great Alsatian humanists, including Jakob Wimpfeling, Johann Geiler von Kaisersberg and Sebastian Brant. In 1511, he relocated to Basel, where he befriended Desiderius Erasmus and played an active role in the publishing enterprises of Johann Froben. He returned to Schlettstadt in 1526 to devote himself to a life of learned leisure. He continued a lively correspondence with many contemporary scholars, including his friend Erasmus, and supervised the printing of many of Erasmus's most important works. Rhenanus died in Strasbourg. Rhenanus's own publications include a biography of Johann Geiler von Kaisersberg (1510), the "Rerum Germanicarum Libri III" (1531), and editions of Velleius Paterculus (Froben, Basel, 1520), based on the sole surviving manuscript, which he discovered in the Benedictine monastery at Murbach, Alsace. He also wrote works on Tacitus (1519), Livy (1522), and a nine-volume work on his friend Erasmus (1540-1541). Beatus Rhenanus invaluable collection of books went into the ownership of his hometown by his death and is still to be seen in its entirety in the Humanist Library of Sélestat. </doc> <doc id="2344787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344787" title="HMS Fury"> HMS Fury Ten ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Fury", whilst another was planned but later cancelled: Notes Citations References </doc> <doc id="2344792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344792" title="Martial industrial"> Martial industrial Martial industrial is a syncretic offshoot of industrial music characterized by noise, dark ambient atmospheres, neofolk melodies, dark wave tunes and neoclassical orchestrations as well as the incorporation of audio from military marches, historical speeches and political, apolitical or metapolitical lyrics. Unlike other post-industrial genres, martial industrial is typically interested more in a particular worldview or philosophy than pure experimentalism. Laibach were one of the first bands to incorporate military marches in their industrial music and display politically provocative aesthetics. Boyd Rice and Douglas P., the noise and neofolk pioneers, respectively, adopted such attitude at several occasions to its extreme. Allerseelen, either through ritual hymns or alchemical folklore followed in the same vein. Similarly militant but less provocative and more esoteric were the heroic choral outputs of ACTUS. Les Joyaux de la Princesse developed the genre further, offering a particularly mesmerizing style of dark ambient intermingled with historical samples, speeches and interbellum chansons. The Moon Lay Hidden Beneath a Cloud / Der Blutharsch enriched this tradition, adding darkwave medieval melodies to the mix. Finally, In Slaughter Natives and Puissance expanded the genre towards orchestral and neoclassical paths, respectively. The term 'Martial' does not necessarily refer only to military drumming but in general to ominous/dramatic atmospheres and a particular thematology, style, aesthetics and Weltanschauung. Similarly, the term 'industrial' does not denote only old-school industrial music, but rather the broad spectrum of post-industrial scene (from neofolk acoustics to harsh noise). Thus, sonically diverse bands like Genocide Organ (power electronics), Oda Relicta (sacral), Stahlwerk 9 (industrial), N.K.V.D. (industrial black metal), Die Weisse Rose (darkwave), Axon Neuron/Vagwa (dark ambient), Feindflug (EBM), Gae Bolg and the Church of Fand (medieval), H.E.R.R. (neoclassical) and Scivias (neofolk) can all be grouped under the umbrella of 'martial industrial'. Martial industrial music frequently uses imagery related to war, totalitarian regimes, European nationalism, military displays, and political mass gatherings – contexts, in short, where the individual is subsumed by history and the mass will. A range of philosophical, political, or religious themes with an illiberal, anti-cosmopolitan, and anti-egalitarian bias predominate, such as Friedrich Nietzsche's Overman, Oswald Spengler's pessimistic vision of Western decline, Mircea Eliade's theories about sacred practice and symbolism, René Guénon's writings on the "spiritual degeneration" of the West, Ernst Jünger's ideas about the renewing power of war and adversity, Julius Evola's reactionary apoliteia and mysticism, Nazi mysticism, and pre-Christian paganism. Martial industrial is produced world-wide. However, the scene is particularly strong in Germany, Hungary, France, Italy, Poland and Russia. Some bands (Von Thronstahl) openly declare fascistic ideology, while others (Kraschau) favor monarchism or Falangism but some others (Militia) are eco-anarchists. Some explore the erotic dimension of history and fascistic aesthetics (Ordo Rosarius Equilibrio). Occasionally martial industrial artists (Skrol) do not even touch historical/political issues. Other bands that touch such issues and use politically incorrect imagery (Turbund Sturmwerk) refuse to disclose their real convictions. </doc> <doc id="2344793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344793" title="Belén Gualcho"> Belén Gualcho Belén Gualcho is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. This small village founded in 1715 is a jewel in the middle of the Honduran mountains, located in the departament of Ocopetepeque and close to Gracias and San Sebastian to the south. The highlights of the village are the colonial Church of La Trinidad and Sunday Market where the Lenca people come to sale and get basic supplies. </doc> <doc id="2344794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344794" title="Concepción, Ocotepeque"> Concepción, Ocotepeque Concepción () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344795" title="Dolores Merendon"> Dolores Merendon Dolores Merendón is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344796" title="Fraternidad, Ocotepeque"> Fraternidad, Ocotepeque Fraternidad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344798" title="La Encarnación"> La Encarnación La Encarnación () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344799" title="La Labor"> La Labor La Labor is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. It is one of five municipalities within the Mancomunidad Guisayote (http://www.mancomunidadguisayote.hn/). </doc> <doc id="2344800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344800" title="Lucerna, Ocotepeque"> Lucerna, Ocotepeque Lucerna () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344801" title="Mercedes, Ocotepeque"> Mercedes, Ocotepeque Mercedes () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344802" title="Ocotepeque"> Ocotepeque Ocotepeque is a town and municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. It is the capital of the department, which borders two countries, Guatemala and El Salvador. The department covers 1630 square kilometres, is mostly mountainous, and has a population of 111,474 (2006). Its main economic activities are agricultural, including coffee, corn, cabbage, sugar cane, and onions. Due to its favourable location just a few kilometres away from the border with El Salvador at El Poy, as well as the border with Guatemala at Agua Caliente, Ocotepeque has the economic benefit of being a tri-country centre of business. It also attracts residents of smaller neighbouring towns, who come to Ocotepeque to purchase things or to study. Directly to the north are the municipalities of Sinuapa and Concepción; to the south is El Salvador; to the east is Sinuapa; and to the west is the municipality of Santa Fe. About three hours by bus to the north is the larger city of Santa Rosa de Copán. The closest airport in Honduras is located approximately 5–6 hours to the north in San Pedro Sula. Tegucigalpa, where Honduras' other major airport is located, is 10–12 hours away by bus. Ocotepeque is also located about 3 hours from San Salvador, the capital of El Salvador, where another major airport is located. The Triunfio biosphere reserve is a nature preserve shared by Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. Ocotepeque also boasts the Güisayote Biological Reserve, located about 35 minutes out of town. The city of Esquipulas, Guatemala is approximately 45 minutes from Ocotepeque and is home to one of the oldest churches in Central America, and what many consider to be the most sacred shrine in Central America. Ocotepeque has a few hotels, including the Hotel Internacional and Hotel Ocotepeque. Ocotepeque is accessible by several major bus lines from the major cities, including Sultana and Congolon. Many of these buses run a main route up the western border of the country, with San Pedro Sula and Ocotepeque as their first/last stops, and stop at many towns in between, including La Labor, La Union, Cucuyagua, Santa Rosa de Copán, and La Entrada. Ocotepeque has a number of public schools as well as two private bilingual schools, Insituto San Francisco de Asís and My Little Red House Bilingual School . My Little Red House and Instituto San Francisco de Asís accept volunteers year-round to teach English as part of their English core program. </doc> <doc id="2344804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344804" title="San Fernando, Ocotepeque"> San Fernando, Ocotepeque San Fernando is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344805" title="San Francisco del Valle"> San Francisco del Valle San Francisco del Valle is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344807" title="San Jorge, Ocotepeque"> San Jorge, Ocotepeque San Jorge is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344808" title="San Marcos, Ocotepeque"> San Marcos, Ocotepeque San Marcos is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. This city of 17,000 people is in Western Honduras bordering Guatemala and El Salvador. It's located between the highest point in Honduras, Mount Meredon, and the Rio Grande and Suntulin Rivers. It was founded by Spanish and Belgian gold miners. San Marcos de Ocotepeque is a bustle of cultural activity ranging from plays to literary events. </doc> <doc id="2344809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344809" title="Santa Fe, Ocotepeque"> Santa Fe, Ocotepeque Santa Fe is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. As of 2015, its population was of 5,006. The village was founded in 1860 by people from the nearby town (4.5 km east) of Concepción. It was originally named El Tablón del Guayabo (The Board of Guayabo), due to the abundance of trees of this fruit, then changed its name to the current one. In 1887 population statistics Santa Fe was ranked as one of the municipalities forming the Ocotepeque Department. Located 11 km southeast of the border with Guatemala (at Agua Caliente), and 19 km north of the one with El Salvador (at Citalá), Santa Fe is a hilltown close to the banks of Lempa River. It is 12 km from Ocotepeque, the department capital, and 19 from the Guatemalan town of Esquipulas. The municipality is divided into 8 parts: the town of Santa Fe and 7 other villages ("Aldeas"). The villages are Agua Caliente, El Mojanal, La Quesera, Los Encinos,Piedras Bonitas, Piñuelas and Sulnete. </doc> <doc id="2344810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344810" title="Fujiwara no Hidehira"> Fujiwara no Hidehira Later, when Yoshitsune incurred his brother Minamoto no Yoritomo's wrath, he returned to Hiraizumi, and lived undisturbed for a time. Yoshitsune was still Hidehira's guest when the latter died in 1187. Hidehira had his son, Fujiwara no Yasuhira, promise to continue to shelter Yoshitune and his retainer Benkei, but Yasuhira gave in to Yoritomo and surrounded the castle with his troops, forcing Yoshitsune to commit seppuku and resulting in the famous standing death of Benkei. Yasuhira then had Yoshitsune's head preserved in a jar of sake and sent to Yoritomo. This did nothing to appease him, and Yoritomo destroyed the Fujiwara domain and killed Yasuhira, son of Hidehira in 1189. Hidehira's corpse became a mummy, preserved today within the Konjiki-dō of Chūson-ji. According to legend Hidehira was raised by wolves. </doc> <doc id="2344811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344811" title="Sensenti"> Sensenti Sensenti is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344812" title="Sinuapa"> Sinuapa Sinuapa is a municipality in the Honduran department of Ocotepeque. </doc> <doc id="2344822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344822" title="Henry McDonald"> Henry McDonald Henry McDonald may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344835" title="Celosia argentea"> Celosia argentea Celosia argentea, commonly known as the plumed cockscomb or silver cock's comb, is a herbaceous plant of tropical origin, and is known for its very bright colors. In India and China it is known as a troublesome weed. "Celosia argentea" is a tender annual that is often grown in gardens. It blooms in mid-spring to summer. It is propagated by seeds. The seeds are extremely small, up to 43,000 seeds per ounce. The flowers are hermaphrodites. As these plants are of tropical origin, they grow best in full sunlight and should be placed in a well drained area. The flowerheads can last up to 8 weeks, and further growth can be promoted by removing dead flowers. "Celosia argentea" var. "cristata" 'Flamingo Feathers' is a cultivar that can grow up to 2 feet in height. The colors are predominantly pink to light violet, and the leaves are a darker green than other cultivars. The Century cultivars are usually taller (1–2 feet), and are bright red, yellow, orange, or pink. The Kimono cultivars are generally smaller (4 inches - 1 foot), and have more muted colors, though similar to the Century cultivars. Other colors, such as white, burgundy, orange-red, etc., can be found. Certain varieties will grow to 3–4 feet in height. "Celosia plumosa", also known as Prince of Wales feathers, is a synonym for "Celosia argentea". Seeds may be sold as mixtures. The following strains have gained the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit (confirmed 2017): Horticultural usage may be very confusing. For instance "Celosia cristata" may be listed as a separate species, or a variety of "C. argentea". Other names for "C. argentea" var. "plumosa" include "Celosia argenta" var. "pyrimidalis" and "C. spicata". Other classifications consider three variants: It is used in Africa to help control growth of the parasitic "Striga" plant. It can also be used in soaps. The leaves and flowers are edible and are grown for such use in Africa and Southeast Asia. "Celosia argentea" var. "argentea" or "Lagos spinach" is one of the main boiled greens in West Africa, where it is known as "soko yòkòtò" (Yoruba) or "farar áláyyafó" (Hausa) </doc> <doc id="2344836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344836" title="Celosia cristata"> Celosia cristata Celosia cristata is a member of the genus "Celosia", and is commonly known as cockscomb, since the flower looks like the head on a rooster (cock). The plants are hardy and resistant to most diseases, and grow equally well indoors or out, though the perfect place is one with no shade and a well drained soil, as the plant is susceptible to fungal diseases. The plant is used frequently as an ornamental plant indoors. Their leaves and flowers can be used as vegetables. They are often grown as foods in India, Western Africa, and South America. They are annual plants of tropical origin and are herbaceous meaning they lack a woody stem. They grow well in both humid and arid conditions, and their flowers can last for up to 8 weeks. A high number of seeds can be produced by each flower, up to 1,500 per gram or 43,000 per ounce. The plant often grows up to in height, though many are smaller. The leaves are either green or bronze/maroon, depending upon the cultivar. The flower can be broken into three parts: their spikes, plumes and crests vary from one another but have standard commonalities—they are usually brightly colored, usually red, yellow, pink, or orange, though other colors can be present. In some instances, a variety of colors are present in hybrids. The plants are hardy and can be grown easily from the seeds. Since the plants are of tropic origin, they thrive in areas with tropical climate. However, they can also be grown in summer months in the colder climate. The plants being annual plants, grow for only about one fourth of a year. A soil temperature of about is ideal for growth. The plants are relatively easy to grow and care for, having few insects that feed on them. Mites, though, are known to feed on the plants. The plants are also susceptible to leaf spotting, root rot and root strangulation. However the former two can be prevented by avoiding a damp soil and the latter by frequent weeding. Also wetting the leaf and flowers should be avoided as they can lead to fungal diseases. Cultivars include 'Jewel box', 'Century mix', 'New Look', and 'Pink Castle'. </doc> <doc id="2344844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344844" title="Annalee Jefferies"> Annalee Jefferies Annalee Jefferies (born May 14, 1954, in Houston, Texas) is an American stage actress. Ms. Jefferies was in the nine-hour trilogy of Horton Foot’s “Orphan’s Home Cycle” in NY, directed by Michael Wilson, which won the Drama Desk Award for “Theatrical Event of the Season” of 2010 . She’s played Blanche in “Streetcar Named Desire,” Violet in “ Suddenly Last Summer”, Hannah in “Night of the Iguana”, Carol in “Orpheus Descending,”, Amanda in “The Glass Menagerie” which was among the Wall Street Journal’s best 10 productions of 2009. She toured England in John Barton’s ten hourepic Tantalus, directed by Sir Peter Hall. She spent 20 years as a resident company member at the Alley Theatre (1986-2007) and 3 years as a resident company member at the Arena Stage (1978-1981). Her film credits include Hellion, Arlo and Julie, The Sideways Light, The Girl, Monsters, Violets Are Blue, and NoMercy. Television- Last 2 episodes of “Dallas” 2013, PBS Doc. “War of The Worlds” 2013. She trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, London. She currently lives on a farm in Brenham Texas. “A farming actress is a continual challenge and privilege!” Dir: Gregory Boyd Dir: Michael Wilson Dir: Misc </doc> <doc id="2344847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344847" title="Martin Wolf"> Martin Wolf Martin Harry Wolf, CBE (born 1946) is a British journalist who focuses on economics. He is the associate editor and chief economics commentator at the "Financial Times". Wolf was born in London, in 1946. His father Edmund was an Austrian Jewish playwright who escaped from Vienna to England before World War II. In London, Edmund met Wolf's mother, a Dutch Jew who had lost nearly thirty close relatives in the Holocaust. Wolf recalls that his background left him wary of political extremes and encouraged his interest in economics, as he felt economic policy mistakes were one of the root causes of WWII. He was an active supporter of the Labour Party until the early 1970s. Wolf was educated at University College School, a day independent school for boys in Hampstead in north west London, and in 1967 entered Corpus Christi College at Oxford University for his undergraduate studies. He initially studied Classics before starting the Philosophy, Politics and Economics Course. As a graduate student Wolf moved on to Nuffield College, also at Oxford, which he left with a master of philosophy degree in economics in 1971. Wolf has said that he never pursued a PhD, because he "didn't want to become an academic". In 1971, Wolf joined the World Bank's young professionals programme, becoming a senior economist in 1974. By the start of the eighties, Wolf was deeply disillusioned with the Bank's policies undertaken under the direction of Robert McNamara: the Bank had been strongly pushing for increased capital flows to developing countries, which had resulted in many of them suffering debt crises by the early 1980s. Seeing the results of misjudged intervention by global authorities and also influenced from the early 1970s by various works critical of government intervention, such as Friedrich Hayek's "The Road to Serfdom", Wolf shifted his views towards the right and the free market. Wolf left the World Bank in 1981, to become Director of Studies at the "Trade Policy Research Centre", in London. He joined the "Financial Times" in 1987, where he has been associate editor since 1990 and chief economics commentator since 1996. Up until the late 2000s, Wolf was an influential advocate of globalisation and the free market. In addition to his journalism and participation in various international forums, Wolf had also attempted to influence opinion with his books; he has stated that his 2004 book, "Why Globalization Works", was intended to be a persuasive work rather than an academic study. By 2008, Wolf had become disillusioned with theories promoting what he came to see excessive reliance on the private sector. While remaining a pragmatist free of binding commitments to any one ideology, Wolf's views partially shifted away from free market thinking back to the Keynesian ideas he had been taught when young. He became one of the more influential drivers of the 2008–2009 Keynesian resurgence, and in late 2008 and early 2009, he used his platform on the "Financial Times" to advocate a massive fiscal and monetary response to the financial crisis of 2007–2010. According to Julia Ioffe writing in 2009 for "The New Republic", he was "arguably the most widely trusted pundit" of the crisis. Wolf is a supporter of a land value tax. Between 2010 and 2011, Wolf served on the Independent Commission on Banking. In 2012, Wolf stated in remarks for the Financial Times that public goods are building blocks of civilisation: security and safety, knowledge and science, a sustainable environment, trust, the Rechtsstaat, and economic and financial stability. Wolf was joint winner of the Wincott Foundation senior prize for excellence in financial journalism in both 1989 and 1997. He won the RTZ David Watt memorial prize in 1994. In 2000. Wolf was awarded the CBE (Commander of the Order of the British Empire). He was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters, "honoris causa", by the University of Nottingham in 2006, and was made Doctor of Science (Economics) of University of London, "honoris causa", by the London School of Economics in the same year. In 2018, on the occasion of the KU Leuven Patron Saint‘s Day he received a doctorate honoris causa of the university Wolf is a regular participant in the annual Bilderberg meetings of politicians and bankers. He is visiting fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford, a Special Professor at the University of Nottingham and an honorary fellow of the Oxford Institute for Economic Policy. He has been a forum fellow at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos since 1999. Wolf has been named in the top 100 lists of global thinkers by "Prospect" and by "Foreign Policy" magazine. Wolf is regarded as "staggeringly well connected" within financial circles. His friends include leading financiers such as Mohamed A. El-Erian; politicians such as Manmohan Singh, Timothy Geithner and Ed Balls; many leading economists; central bankers such as Mervyn King: according to Wolf, he knows all significant central bankers. Despite Wolf's close connections with the powerful, he is trusted for his independence and is known to criticise initiatives promoted by his friends when he considers it to be in the public's interests. Wolf is widely regarded as one of the most influential economics journalists in the world. Lawrence H. Summers has called him "the world's preeminent financial journalist." Mohamed A. El-Erian, former CEO of the world's largest bond investor, said Wolf is "by far, the most influential economic columnist out there". Paul Krugman wrote of him that "Wolf doesn't even have a PhD. And that matters not at all; what he has is a keen sense of observation, a level head, and an open mind." "Prospect" magazine described him as "the Anglosphere's most influential finance journalist", while economist Kenneth Rogoff has said, "He really is the premier financial and economics writer in the world". In 2012, he received the Ischia International Journalism Award. </doc> <doc id="2344851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344851" title="Campamento, Honduras"> Campamento, Honduras Campamento is a municipality in the south west of the Honduran department of Olancho, south of Concordia and west of Juticalpa. The municipality of Campamento is located at the entrance to Olancho, along the main highway from Tegucigalpa. The town of Campamento is located near the center of the municipality, just north of the main highway. Campamento is located in a mountainous area with large areas of pine forests. Small farms cover the lower valleys in the area, predominantly growing beans and corn. The higher elevations support large coffee farms. Campamento is known for its large pine forests, which are harvested and processed in local lumber mills. Near the eastern edge of Campamento, along the Rio Guayape, is a large fish farm that raises Tilapias for export. The center of the town of Campamento has two small hotels, several restaurants, shops, supermarkets, and a post office. A small central park is located along the main street, surrounded by the "Alcaldia" (municipal/town hall) on the west side and the Catholic church Santa Anna on the east side. Local buses run several times daily to Tegucigalpa from the central park, and buses from Juticalpa and Catacamas pass by town on the main highway on the south side of town. Olancho is considered the land of peace and love. It is also known for its loving nature and local rivers, including the Almendares River. The central park seen in the pictures has been remodeled and is now a place that is full with people who come to talk and walk at night. Olancho also has a "plazita" which is a small park that was going to be taken down but was left for the children to play. Every afternoon you can find people of all age taking a walk or playing. </doc> <doc id="2344852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344852" title="Liu Xingju"> Liu Xingju Liu Xingju (劉興居) (died 177 BC) was an important political figure during the Lü Clan Disturbance (180 BC). He was the grandson of Emperor Gao of Han and one of the sons of Liu Fei, the Prince of Qi. In 182 BC, Grand Empress Dowager Lü created him the Marquess of Dongmou and summoned him to the capital Chang'an to serve as an imperial guard commander. After the destruction of the Lü Clan in 180 BC, Liu Xingju was initially promised the Principality of Liang for his role in the conspiracy by the new emperor, Emperor Wen (Liu Heng). When, however, the new emperor became aware that Liu Zhang had initially wanted to make his brother Liu Xiang, the Prince of Qi as emperor instead of him, he became very displeased. The new emperor therefore denied Liu Xingju the larger Principality of Liang and only created him the Prince of Jibei (a smaller principality carved out of his brother's principality) in 178 BC. Unhappy over this slight, Prince Xingju planned a rebellion. In summer 177 BC, when Emperor Wen was on a visit to his old Principality of Dai, Prince Xingju mistakenly thought that Emperor Wen was going to lead a military campaign against the Xiongnu, and therefore felt this was a suitable time to start his rebellion. When Emperor Wen heard of Prince Xingju's rebellion, he ordered Chai Wu (柴武), the Marquess of Jipu, to lead an army against Jibei forces. In autumn 177 BC, after military defeats, Prince Xingju killed himself. </doc> <doc id="2344855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344855" title="Catacamas"> Catacamas Catacamas is a municipality in the Olancho Department of Honduras. It is the largest municipality in Central America in terms of area. Catacamas, called the "Florida City" by the great poet and writer Froylán Turcios, extends over a vast plain irrigated by the Rio Guayape in the heart of the luxuriant department of Olancho. The city is situated 210 km. north-east of the Honduran capital, Tegucigalpa, and is easily accessible by paved road. Catacamas has historically been characterised by the hospitality, resilience, and progressive spirit of its people, as well as its rich natural setting, which is suitable for both agricultural and forest production. It is located in a valley 450 meters above sea level. The North White Stone Mountain, part of Agalta Mountains National Park, is located near the city, which is home to a variety of botanical species such as conifers, broadleaf plants, and some 80 varieties of orchids, as well as a rich fauna, including wild cats and the quetzal. To the north and west are the mountains "Cerro de la Cruz" and the hill "El Cuartel", among others, where you achieve the best panoramic views of the city, including the sports centre and cultural park "Ramón Díaz López". Approximately five km to the east of Catacamas, one can find the world-famous Talgua Caves (Cuevas de Talgua) discovered in 1935. A recent discovery in the caves is that of the "Glowing Skulls," Pech Indian skeletons from approximately three thousand years ago. About 6 km to the south of Catacamas runs the Guayape gold, which forms the river Guayambre Patuca, the second longest river in Honduras, after the Segovia. Between the two rivers stretches the Cordillera Entre Ríos, which is part of the Municipality of Catacamas. Catacamas and Olancho have many characteristics in common: they are the municipality and the largest department of Honduras. Catacamas’ area is 7228.5 square kilometres. The city of Catacamas is located at 14°54'04" north latitude and 85°, 55', 31", Meridian Grenwich. Gualaco lies to the north, San Esteban and Dulce Nombre de Culmí to the south with Patuca and Las Trojes, to the east, Dulce Nombre de Culmí and the department of Jinotega, Nicaragua, and west to Santa María del Real, San Francisco de Becerra and Juticalpa. The Talgua River runs to the east of the town, before joining the Guayape. The Catholic Church "San Francisco de Asis" is one of the main focal points in the town, and stands across from the municipal building. At the centre of Catacamas city is the Parque Central, a focal point of town life. Villages within Catacamas municipality include El Esquilinchuche on the banks of the Guayape river. Catacamas has a Tropical wet and dry climate under the Köppen climate classification. In the recent years Catacamas has changed its appearance regarding street paving the urban area. A lot of streets were paved, and there are plans to continue the paving of new streets and boulevards. Rural roads have been paved so that the mobilisation of products has become much more comfortable, for example, the route between the municipalities of Dulce Nombre de Culmí and Catacamas. This drive now only takes 45 minutes in a private vehicle. Road and aerial infrastructure: The highway to the capital is paved the entire way with a lot of pot-holes (Catacamas – Tegucigalpa 210 km; approx. 4 hours ride) which connects to Sand Pedro Sula (Catacamas – SPS 545 km) and to the north coast. The road to Dulce Nombre de Culmi (Catacamas – Culmi 40 km) is dirt but is passable year round. In June 2011 a new airport should be opened in Aguacate, some kilometres in direction to Culmí. Water and sanitation: Two oxidation ponds in use with one more in the planning stages. Dump where solid waste is burned. Solid waste burial dump in planning. Water sanitation plant that is not in use. Communication: Telephone: Fixed telephone service provided by Hondutel; four cellular providers: Tigo, Claro, Digicel, Olanchocel. Television: Two cable television providers: Telecab and Cavicab; 5 local television stations: canal 30, canal 9, canal 21, canal 33, canal 40. Radio: 15 local radio stations and 1 national station (radio América). Energy: An electric substation is under construction that will considerably better the energy service which is currently lacking due to increasing demand. Health: A public health centre offers maternity services. Ward and emergency services: A private, Catholic hospital is currently under construction. A public hospital is being solicited.Portal Virtual de Negocios University: The Universidad Nacional de Agricultura UNA (National Agriculture University) is also located in Catcamas. The local football club is Atlético Olanchano, who play at the Estadio Rubén Guifarro. They have had a few seasons in the top tier of Honduran football but currently play in the Honduran second division. Catacamas is a town rich in dairy, meat and basic grains. Of the three sectors of the municipality: Primary (Agriculture, Livestock), Secondary (Industry) and Tertiary (Services and Trade), the last produces 45 percent of the gross value of production (GVP). But the town is still dominated by its productive rural areas. The growing productive sub-sector has a gross production value of over 1.9 billion Lempiras annually. The main agricultural products include beans and corn as well as coffee and cassava. The main industrial products are the production of milk, sand blocks, sewing and breads. (Data source: PDEM Catacamas, 2007 y Base de Datos del Dpto. Control Tributario Municipalidad de Catacamas 2009). (1)The construction sector, for example, has been strengthened with new projects of subdivision/development. Many of the houses and land are bought by originating Catacamans living abroad or through their relatives. (2) Another growth area is tourism. Recently, a public private table implemented activities that strengthen this sector according to a common strategy of the municipalities Santa María del Real and Dulce Nombre de Culmí, supported by the German Cooperation. Currently, we are working on the design of eco-tourism routes and in training for service providers (tour guides, restaurants, hotels, etc.). (3) Another innovative process is the certification of several coffee farms in the region with the Rainforest Alliance Certificate which is a certificate for sustainable coffee production. The certification can achieve better prices for coffee while preserving the environment.Portal Virtual de Negocios Among the area's most famous tourist attractions are the Talgua caves, also known as "The Cave of the Glowing Skulls," is located a couple miles north-east of Catacamas. The caves were used as a burial site by the native peoples, and over time, the bones left there were covered by the calcite dripping from the ceiling Radiocarbon testing indicated that the burials were made around 900 B.C., well before the rise of the Maya and other civilisations. The ossuary chamber was discovered in 1994 by a Peace Corps Volunteer named Timothy Berg, along with two Catacams locals named Desiderio Reyes and Jorge Yánez, and research is still being conducted in the area. </doc> <doc id="2344858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344858" title="Concordia, Olancho"> Concordia, Olancho Concordia () is a municipality in the south west of the Honduran department of Olancho, north of Campamento, west of Juticalpa and south of Guayape and Salamá. </doc> <doc id="2344859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344859" title="Dulce Nombre de Culmí"> Dulce Nombre de Culmí Dulce Nombre de Culmí () is a municipality in the northeastern region of the Honduran department of Olancho. It lies approximately 17 miles (27 km.) southeast of San Esteban and about 27 miles (43 km.) northeast of Catacamas. The Ríos Guampú (or Wampú) and Culmí pass through this municipality. This area of Olancho is the home of one of the seven indigenous peoples living in Honduras, the Pech, formerly known as "Payas". As of early 2005, the Pech population had been reduced to 3,800. The Pech language is a member of the Chibchan family of languages, and, although it is still spoken by older people, it is in danger of extinction in the relatively near future. Despite modern influences the Pech still preserve their simple way of living and traditions. </doc> <doc id="2344860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344860" title="El Rosario, Olancho"> El Rosario, Olancho El Rosario () is a town () and a municipality in the west of the Honduran department of Olancho. It is south-east of Yocón, north-east of Guayape and north-west of Salamá. </doc> <doc id="2344862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344862" title="Khachapuri"> Khachapuri Khachapuri ( from ხაჭო "xach'o" "curds" + პური "p'uri" "bread") is a traditional Georgian dish of cheese-filled bread. The bread is leavened and allowed to rise and is shaped in various ways, usually with cheese in the middle and a crust which is ripped off and used to dip in the cheese. The filling contains cheese (fresh or aged, most commonly sulguni), eggs and other ingredients. It is Georgia's national dish. It is more popular among men and older people. As a Georgian staple food, the price of making khachapuri is used as a measure of inflation in different Georgian cities by the Khachapuri index, developed by the International School of Economics at Tbilisi State University. There are several distinctive types of khachapuri in Georgian food from different regions of Georgia: Khachapuri is popular in the post-Soviet states, including Russia. It was reported that 175,000 khachapuris were consumed during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Khachapuri is a popular street food in Armenia, where it is widely served at restaurants and school cafeterias. It has become increasingly popular as a brunch food in Israel among Georgian Jews. </doc> <doc id="2344863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344863" title="Esquipulas del Norte"> Esquipulas del Norte Esquipulas del Norte is a municipality in the north west of the Honduran department of Olancho, east of Guata and north of Jano. </doc> <doc id="2344864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344864" title="Gualaco"> Gualaco Gualaco is a municipality in the north of the Honduran department of Olancho, west of San Esteban, north of Santa Maria del Real and east of Guata. Gualaco is served by Jicalapa Airport, a grass airstrip southeast of town. </doc> <doc id="2344866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344866" title="Guarizama"> Guarizama Guarizama is a municipality in the Honduran department of Olancho. Its name comes from Quanhilzamatil, tight amate tree, probably in the place had that tree. In the population census of 1887 listed as Manto Village in 1901 was given municipality status. The municipality has the following five villages: National Institute of Statistics, Honduras. (Census 2001) </doc> <doc id="2344868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344868" title="Guata"> Guata Guata is a municipality in the north west of the Honduran department of Olancho, west of Gualaco, north of Manto and east of Jano and Esquipulas del Norte. </doc> <doc id="2344869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344869" title="Simia"> Simia In his "Systema Naturae" of 1758, Carolus Linnaeus divided the Order Primates into four genera: "Homo", Simia, "Lemur", and "Vespertilio". His "Vespertilio" included all bats, and has since been moved from Primates to Chiroptera. "Homo" contained humans, "Lemur" contained four lemurs and a colugo, and "Simia" contained all the rest — it was, in modern terms, a wastebasket taxon for the primates. Linnaeus did not think that "Homo" should form a distinct group from "Simia", classifying them separately mainly to avoid conflict with religious authorities. If we take this into account, "Simia" (including "Homo") would be roughly equivalent to the Suborder Haplorrhini of the Primates (while "Lemur" would be roughly equivalent to the Suborder Strepsirrhini). "Homo", "Lemur", and "Vespertilio" have survived as generic names, but "Simia" has not. All the species have since been moved to other genera, and in 1929, the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature ruled in its "Opinion 114" that "Simia" be suppressed. The genus "Simias" is distinct and remains valid, containing a single species, the pig-tailed langur ("Simias concolor"). The original genus "Simia" came to include these species: </doc> <doc id="2344871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344871" title="Guayape"> Guayape Guayape is a municipality in the west of the Honduran department of Olancho, west of Salamá, south of Yocón and north of Concordia. Guayape is divided into three huge territories. Some even covering the river. The lands are divided by the three families that control it. The Riveras, The Lagos, and the Guerreros. Although not a very well known place, even to Hondurans, Guayape has beautiful landscapes, and endless waterfalls. It has also some of the richest and fertile soil in Honduras. </doc> <doc id="2344873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344873" title="Jano"> Jano Jano is a town and municipality in the north west of the Honduran department of Olancho, west of Guata, south of Esquipulas del Norte and north of Manto. Jano municipality encompasses the following villages: </doc> <doc id="2344875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344875" title="Juticalpa, Olancho"> Juticalpa, Olancho Juticalpa () is the capital of Olancho Department in Honduras. Situated in a broad river valley alongside the Rio Juticalpa, the town is a commercial centre for much of Olancho's ranching and agricultural economy. Its Catedral de la Inmaculada Concepción, devoted to the immaculate Conception, is the cathedral episcopal see of the suffragan Roman Catholic Diocese of Juticalpa. The Juticalpa area encompasses the Guayape River valley, bordered by the Sierra de Agalta range. Among the most notable of the small villages in the area is La Concepción and La Empalizada. The nearest town is Catacamas, 30 miles to the northeast. The climate is significantly warmer than Tegucigalpa or nearby Campamento because of the Valle de Juticalpa's elevation. Several thunderstorms occur during the period of May through September (wet season). October, November and December are cooler and often cloudy with drizzle. From January through April, the region receives very little rain (Dry Season). During this season field fires are often observed, some are intentionally created due to an old unlawful practice for renewing crops, and others are the result of severe heat or arson; these fires create a thick blanket of smoke that settles over the Juticalpa Valley for almost a month. The air improves after the first rain. During the rainy season, the incidence of dengue fever is quite high due to the many mud puddles that become breeding grounds for mosquitoes. The town is divided into twelve major neighbourhoods, called "Barrios" or "Colonias": Barrio El Centro, Barrio de Jesús, Barrio Calona, Barrio La Hoya, Barrio Belén, Colonia San Miguel, Barrio El Portillo, Barrio El Campo, Colonia El Campo Uno, Colonia El Campo Dos, Barrio El Cementerio, Barrio El Chicle and Barrio de la Cruz. The majority of town lies on a gradual slope on the southwestern side of the Juticalpa river. There are many smaller communities in the surrounding area. Juticalpa's sister city, Catacamas, is located at the easternmost terminus of the paved Olancho highway. The "Boulevard Los Poetas" connects Barrio El Centro to the Olancho highway and receives Honduran intercity bus traffic. The main bus station is located at the beginning of the "Boulevard Los Poetas" and several bus companies serve all of Olancho's 23 counties or "municipios". Two bus companies, "Discovery" and "Aurora", send regular and executive service buses to Tegucigalpa and Catacamas. Juticalpa also has two public parks, "Parque Central" located in Barrio El Centro with the cathedral dedicated to the Virgin of Concepción on one side, and the city hall (alcaldía) on the opposite side. The second smaller park "Parque Infantil" is located in Barrio Belén across the Santa Clara school. Remnants of pre-Columbian civilisations can be found occasionally in Barrio Belén. Juticalpa's economy is primarily agricultural and commercial. Olancho's wide, fertile river valleys support maize, cattle and dairy farms. "Queso Olanchano" a hard and salty cheese, and "Mantequilla Crema" white cream, are produced in great quantities at several dairies and exported throughout the country, the central american region, and United States. Because of its proximity to successful farms and its position on the only paved highway in Olancho, Juticalpa's economy has led to relative prosperity. Despite its strong agricultural base, unemployment in Juticalpa is high. To support themselves, many citizens of Juticalpa run small stores called "pulperías" where they sell household items and food stores to neighbors. Juticalpa contains a number of small businesses, many restaurants (ranging from taco stands to dine-in establishments with air conditioning), a hospital donated by the Japanese government, medical clinics, and a number of public and private schools. ATMs are easily found throughout the town and inside local bank branches. A new mall opened at the beginning of Boulevard Los Poetas, and four fully supplied supermarkets are well distributed across town. Recent road paving projects were finished in Barrio El Centro and Barrio de Jesús, but most of the town peripheral streets remain unpaved. The area serves as a transit hub for the tourists headed to The Sierra de Agalta National Park, and for tourists visiting The Cuevas de Talgua, limestone caves containing the calcified phosphorescent remains of ancient inhabitants of the area. In Honduras, Juticalpa is most famous for the production of an alcoholic palm Coyol tree wine known as coyol wine. Residents knock down palm trees in the middle of the dry season (March and April) and enjoy the wine at the sites, or transport the beverage to the marketplace in plastic bottles. The easiest place to find the drink is in the village of La Concepción, a few kilometers west of Juticalpa on the highway to Tegucigalpa. The city is served by various public and private schools, high schools and universities. One private bilingual school is Day Star School School, started by two Americans from Minnesota that serves pre-kindergarten to 12th grade. Juticalpa's fair is celebrated on 8–14 December and is dedicated to "The Virgin of Concepción". During this period several activities take place across the city's main streets, at the Parque Central and at the AGAO "Asociación de Ganaderos y Agricultores de Olancho". Being the commercial centre of Olancho, Juticalpa is able to offer a variety of local cuisine based on fresh produce, dairy and meat. Typical dishes include Carne Asada (one of the best offered in the country), the renowned Tapado Olanchano, Yuca con Chicharrón, Baleadas, Tacos, Tajaditas, Enchiladas, Pastelitos de Carne, and other local delicacies. Rosquillas, quesadillas and hojaldras are corn and cheese based; due to the extensive cheese resources, and the high production of corn in the area, the best are found in Juticalpa, specifically in the village of La Concepción. In late years tilapia farms have been a success in the area, giving way to popularity and availability of fresh tilapia fish in many of Juticalpa's restaurants. The City's football team is Juticalpa F.C., nicknamed "Los Canecheros", your stadium is called Juan Ramón Brevé Vargas. </doc> <doc id="2344876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344876" title="Carnesecca Arena"> Carnesecca Arena Carnesecca Arena (formerly Alumni Hall) is a 5,602-seat multi-purpose arena in the borough of Queens in New York City, New York. It was built in 1961 and renamed in honor of Hall of Fame Coach Lou Carnesecca on November 23, 2004. It is the exclusive home to the St. John's University Red Storm women's basketball team, and also, along with Madison Square Garden, hosts home Red Storm men's basketball games. The building hosted first round games of the NCAA men's basketball tournament from 1970 to 1974. Up until March 2014, it was the most recent New York City venue to host the tournament. </doc> <doc id="2344877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344877" title="La Unión, Olancho"> La Unión, Olancho La Unión is a municipality in the northwest of the Olancho Department of Honduras. La Unión was elevated to municipality status in 1877 and was part of the District of Salamá. As early as 1852, there was a village called San Francisco de Yocon, which was burned by guerrillas under the command of General José María Medina, who became President of Honduras in 1868. In that time he encouraged a civil war in the Department of Olancho, a product of the intentions of separating this department in an independent republic by its inhabitants in retaliation for the high taxes that the government asked of it from Comayagua (Tithes of Olancho). Between the years 1876–1883 La Unión was reestablished by decree from President Marco Aurelio Soto. The first houses were those of Mrs. Mary Dilia Vivas, Ms. Paula Almendares, and Lady Camilla Cruz. The municipality's urban growth was partially because of the regulations that forced the citizens of rural communities near the village that possessed sufficient financial resources to build homes in urban areas, even if they did not live in them. Some families were Los Vargas from farmhouses of El Paraiso, Los Funes of the villages of Palala, Los Zaldivar from the farmshouses of Los Salitres among others. Among the first mayors to serve La Unión were Mr. Tomas Herrera and Mr. Macario Vargas. The Catholic Church, dedicated in honour of the patron saint San Francisco de Asis, was founded in 1906. The first telegraph line was installed in 1925 by Mr. Martin Murillo. The first school was founded in 1930 and given the name of Francisco Morazan. In 1983 a committee composed of parents and others was formed by Mrs. Alejandro Carcamo, Rigoberto Rivera, Eleazar Puerto for the construction of a High School Education Center then called Instituto Privado Nocturno Superacion Franciscana. When the government of President Roberto Suazo Córdova with guidance from the deputy for Olancho, Mr. Alejandro Carcamo, formalised its operation they renamed it Instituto Superacion Franciscana. Its first Director was Professor Victor Almenderez with teachers Noe Menocal, Martin Ramos, Lourdes Padilla and others. List of Mayors of La Unión, in the modern democratic era: La Unión is bounded to the north with Olanchito, to the south with Salamá and El Rosario, to the west with Esquipulas del Norte and Jano and to the east with Yocón and Mangulile. Its capital is located in a flat area near the right bank of the river Camote. The municipality has the following five villages: Although in practice only three villages are recognised as La Unión for the town itself and La Pita is a community that currently only has 6 homes and is considered part of the Village of Palala. The distribution by resolution of the Municipal Corporation is: Palala Village following the farmhouses in order of population. Los Encuentros Village following the farmhouses in order of population. </doc> <doc id="2344878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344878" title="Mangulile"> Mangulile Mangulile is a municipality in the north west of the Honduran department of Olancho, north of Yocón, south west of Manto and south east of Salamá. Agriculture is the base of almost all commerce. Corn, beans, and coffee are the main cash crops, the sale of which provides income for other things like sugar and rice. Many of the remote villages have no access to education, healthcare, or clean water. Artesian springs provide most of the domestic water, which, because of the tropical climate, becomes contaminated soon after surfacing. Biosand water filters have been introduced to over 25 of these villages as of 2015, significantly improving health conditions. Part of the local 2015 coffee harvest was exported to the USA through a newly formed co-op, with 100% of the profits being returned to this area for infrastructure and capital for crop expansion. </doc> <doc id="2344879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344879" title="Manto, Olancho"> Manto, Olancho Manto is a municipality in the Honduran department of Olancho. </doc> <doc id="2344880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344880" title="Patuca"> Patuca Patuca is a municipality in the south of the Honduran department of Olancho, east of Juticalpa and south of Catacamas. It contains the Patuca River which is the second largest in Central America. </doc> <doc id="2344882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344882" title="Fujiwara no Yasuhira"> Fujiwara no Yasuhira At first protecting Yoshitsune, according to his father's will, he was finally forced by Minamoto no Yoritomo to attack Yoshitsune. Yoshitsune, rather than surrender, killed his wife and children and committed suicide. In 1189 Yasuhira was defeated by Yoritomo's forces and subsequently killed. This marked the end of the Northern Fujiwara. A casket purportedly containing the head of Fujiwara no Yasuhira is housed within the Konjiki-dō at Chūson-ji in Iwate Prefecture. </doc> <doc id="2344883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344883" title="Salamá, Olancho"> Salamá, Olancho Salamá is a municipality in the Honduran department of Olancho. </doc> <doc id="2344884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344884" title="San Esteban, Olancho"> San Esteban, Olancho San Esteban is a municipality in the northeast of the Honduran department of Olancho, west of Dulce Nombre de Culmí, east of Gualaco and north of Catacamas. Costa Rican author Oscar Núñez Oliva set his 2000 novel "Los Gallos de San Esteban" in the municipality. The municipality was named in honor of friar , a missionary who collaborated in the evangelism of the people of the region. It was founded in 1808 by friar José Antonio Liendo y Goicoechea from Guatemala. It was populated by indigenous people at that time. The municipality is bordered to the north by the municipalities of Trujillo and Iriona, South by the municipality of Catacamas, East by the municipality of Dulce Nombre de Culmí and West by the municipality of Gualaco. It stretches from the top the Agalta valley and crossed by the Grande Agalta river. The municipality has the following 22 villages: </doc> <doc id="2344887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344887" title="San Francisco de Becerra"> San Francisco de Becerra San Francisco de Becerra () is a municipality in the interior of the Honduran department of Olancho, slightly to the south. It is boredered by Juticalpa in the west and Catacamas in the east. Local football club Alianza de Becerra play in the Honduran second division. </doc> <doc id="2344888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344888" title="San Francisco de la Paz"> San Francisco de la Paz San Francisco de la Paz () is a municipality in the centre of the Honduran department of Olancho. First known as "San Francisco Zapote", the name was changed by bishop Francisco de Paula Campoy y Pérez, for the actual name. The town is located in a small valley formed by the hills "La Cruz" (The Cross) and "Cayo Blanco" (White Cay) in the North and the hill "El Ocotal" in the South. The extension of San Francisco de la Paz is 540.2 km². </doc> <doc id="2344889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344889" title="Santa María del Real"> Santa María del Real Santa María del Real is a municipality in the Honduran department of Olancho. </doc> <doc id="2344890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344890" title="Silca"> Silca Silca is a municipality in the Honduran department of Olancho. The local football team, Municipal Silca, has played in the Honduran second division as recent as 2011. </doc> <doc id="2344891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344891" title="Yocón"> Yocón Yocón is a municipality in the west of the Honduran department of Olancho, north of Guayape, south of Mangulile and west of El Rosario. </doc> <doc id="2344903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344903" title="Finneran Pavilion"> Finneran Pavilion The William B. Finneran Pavilion is a 6,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Villanova, Pennsylvania, United States, about 10 miles outside Philadelphia. It was built in 1985, and is home to the Villanova University Wildcats basketball teams. It is recognizable from the outside for its hyperbolic paraboloid roofline, similar to Alfond Arena at the University of Maine. It replaced the still-existing Villanova Field House, later renamed the "Jake Nevin Field House," a small arena-auditorium built in 1932. The first men's game played at the Pavilion took place on Saturday, February 1, 1986 versus the University of Maryland. The basketball court only takes up half the space of the building; it is expandable as an indoor track facility and recreation center. For games where larger crowds are expected, Villanova plays at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia (where Villanova holds the record for largest Pennsylvania crowd to ever watch a college basketball game, att. 20,859). The Finneran Pavilion is known for its famed student section, which constitutes a full third of the seating. Located in the south end, the student bleachers seat 2,000 students but have been known to be filled with as many as 2,500 students. Until 2016, it was the home court of the Philadelphia Freedoms of World TeamTennis. The facility was originally known as John Eleuthère du Pont Pavilion, as it was funded in part by John Eleuthère du Pont, a member of the wealthy and influential Du Pont family. In 1997, the du Pont name was removed from the facility, with the family's tacit permission, after John was convicted of the murder of Olympic wrestling gold medalist Dave Schultz. From 1997 to 2017, it was simply The Pavilion before its current name was adopted as 1963 graduate William B. Finneran made a $22.6 million donation to the school in April 2016 to help with its current improvements. The arena is also used for concerts, conventions, trade shows, graduation ceremonies and other special events. The arena floor measures ; there are two meeting rooms. At the end of the 2016-17 academic year, a $60 million renovation and is scheduled to reopen by the start of the 2018–19 season. During the renovations, Villanova's men's team played the 2017–18 season at Wells Fargo Center, while the women's team used Jake Nevin Field House. </doc> <doc id="2344907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344907" title="Free-culture movement"> Free-culture movement The free-culture movement is a social movement that promotes the freedom to distribute and modify the creative works of others in the form of free content or open content without compensation to, or the consent of, the work's original creators, by using the Internet and other forms of media. The movement objects to what they consider over-restrictive copyright laws. Many members of the movement argue that such laws hinder creativity. They call this system "permission culture." Creative Commons is an organization started by Lawrence Lessig which provides licenses that permit sharing and remixing under various conditions, and also offers an online search of various Creative Commons-licensed works. The free-culture movement, with its ethos of free exchange of ideas, is aligned with the free and open-source-software movement. Today, the term stands for many other movements, including open access (OA), the remix culture, the hacker culture, the access to knowledge movement, the Open Source Learning, the copyleft movement and the public domain movement. In the late 1960s, Stewart Brand founded the "Whole Earth Catalog" and argued that technology could be liberating rather than oppressing. He coined the slogan "Information wants to be free" in 1984 against limiting access to information by governmental control, preventing a public domain of information. In 1998, the United States Congress passed the Sonny Bono Copyright Term Extension Act which President Clinton signed into law. The legislation extended copyright protections for twenty additional years, resulting in a total guaranteed copyright term of seventy years after a creator's death. The bill was heavily lobbied by music and film corporations like Disney, and dubbed as the Mickey Mouse Protection Act. Lawrence Lessig claims copyright is an obstacle to cultural production, knowledge sharing and technological innovation, and that private interests – as opposed to public good – determine law. He travelled the country in 1998, giving as many as a hundred speeches a year at college campuses, and sparked the movement. It led to the foundation of the first chapter of the Students for Free Culture at Swarthmore College. In 1999, Lessig challenged the Bono Act, taking the case to the US Supreme Court. Despite his firm belief in victory, citing the Constitution's plain language about "limited" copyright terms, Lessig only gained two dissenting votes: from Justices Stephen Breyer and John Paul Stevens. In 2001, Lessig initiated Creative Commons, an alternative "some rights reserved" licensing system to the default "all rights reserved" copyright system. Lessig focuses on a fair balance between the interest of the public to use and participate into released creative works and the need of protection for a creator's work, which still enables a "read-write" remix culture. The term “free culture” was originally used since 2003 during the World Summit on Information Society to present the first free license for artistic creation at large, initiated by the Copyleft attitude team in France since 2001 (named free art license). It was then developed in Lawrence Lessig's book Free Culture in 2004. In August 2003 the Open Content Project, a 1998 Creative Commons precursor by David A. Wiley, announced the Creative Commons as successor project and Wiley joined as director. In 2005/2006 within the free-culture movement, Creative Commons has been criticized by Erik Möller and Benjamin Mako Hill for lacking minimum standards for freedom. Following this, the Definition of Free Cultural Works were created as collaborative work of many, including Erik Möller, Lawrence Lessig, Benjamin Mako Hill and Richard Stallman. In February 2008, several Creative Commons licenses were "approved for free cultural works", namely the CC BY and CC BY-SA (later also the CC0). Creative commons licenses with restrictions on commercial use or derivative works were not approved. In October 2014 the Open Knowledge Foundation described their definition of "open", for open content and open knowledge, as synonymous to the definition of "free" in the "Definition of Free Cultural Works", noting that both are rooted in the Open Source Definition and Free Software Definition. Therefore, the same three creative commons licenses are recommended for open content and free content, CC BY, CC BY-SA, and CC0. The Open Knowledge foundation defined additionally three specialized licenses for data and databases, previously unavailable, the "Open Data Commons Public Domain Dedication and Licence" (PDDL), the "Open Data Commons Attribution License" (ODC-BY) and the Open Data Commons Open Database License (ODbL). The organization commonly associated with free culture is Creative Commons (CC), founded by Lawrence Lessig. CC promotes sharing creative works and diffusing ideas to produce cultural vibrance, scientific progress and business innovation. QuestionCopyright.org is another organization whose stated mission is "to highlight the economic, artistic, and social harm caused by distribution monopolies, and to demonstrate how freedom-based distribution is better for artists and audiences." QuestionCopyright may be best known for its association with artist Nina Paley, whose multi-award-winning feature length animation Sita Sings The Blues has been held up as an extraordinarily successful example of free distribution under the aegis of the "Sita Distribution Project". The web site of the organization has a number of resources, publications, and other references related to various copyright, patent, and trademark issues. The student organization Students for Free Culture is sometimes confusingly called "the Free Culture Movement," but that is not its official name. The organization is a subset of the greater movement. The first chapter was founded in 1998 at Swarthmore College, and by 2008, the organization had twenty-six chapters. The free-culture movement takes the ideals of the free and open-source software movement and extends them from the field of software to all cultural and creative works. Early in Creative Commons' life, Richard Stallman (the founder of the Free Software Foundation and the free software movement) supported the organization. He withdrew his support due to the introduction of several licenses including a developing nations and the sampling licenses and later restored some support when Creative Commons retired those licenses. The free music movement, a subset of the free-culture movement, started out just as the Web rose in popularity with the Free Music Philosophy by Ram Samudrala in early 1994. It was also based on the idea of free software by Richard Stallman and coincided with nascent open art and open information movements (referred to here as collectively as the "free-culture movement"). The Free Music Philosophy used a three pronged approach to voluntarily encourage the spread of unrestricted copying, based on the fact that copies of recordings and compositions could be made and distributed with complete accuracy and ease via the Internet. The subsequent free music movement was reported on by diverse media outlets including "Billboard", "Forbes", "Levi's Original Music Magazine", "The Free Radical", "Wired" and "The New York Times". Along with the explosion of the Web driven by open source software and Linux, the rise of P2P and lossy compression, and despite the efforts of the music industry, free music became largely a reality in the early 21st century. Organizations such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Creative Commons with free information champions like Lawrence Lessig were devising numerous licenses that offered different flavors of copyright and copyleft. The question was no longer why and how music should be free, but rather how creativity would flourish while musicians developed models to generate revenue in the Internet era. Initially, Free Software Foundation founder Richard Stallman did not see the importance of free works beyond software. For instance for manuals and books Stallman stated in the 1990s: Similarly, in 1999 Stallman said that he sees "no social imperative for free hardware designs like the imperative for free software". Other authors, such as Joshua Pearce, have argued that there is an ethical imperative for open-source hardware, specifically with respect to open-source-appropriate technology for sustainable development. Later, Stallman changed his position slightly and advocated for free sharing of information in 2009. But, in 2011 Stallman commented on the Megaupload founder's arrest, "I think all works meant for practical uses must be free, but that does not apply to music, since music is meant for appreciation, not for practical use." In a follow up Stallman differentiated three classes: Works of practical use should be free, Works representing points of view should be shareable but not changeable and works of art or entertainment should be copyrighted (but only for 10 years). In an essay in 2012 Stallman argued that video games as software should be free but not their artwork. In 2015 Stallman advocated for free hardware designs. Vocal criticism against the free-culture movement comes from copyright proponents. Prominent technologist and musician Jaron Lanier discusses this perspective of Free Culture in his 2010 book "You Are Not a Gadget". Lanier's concerns include the depersonalization of crowd-sourced anonymous media (such as Wikipedia) and the economic dignity of middle-class creative artists. Andrew Keen, a critic of Web 2.0, criticizes some of the Free Culture ideas in his book, "Cult of the Amateur," describing Lessig as an "intellectual property communist." The decline of news media industry's market share is blamed on free culture but scholars like Clay Shirky claim that the market itself, not free culture, is what's killing the journalism industry. </doc> <doc id="2344909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344909" title="Visconti-Sforza tarot deck"> Visconti-Sforza tarot deck The Visconti-Sforza tarot is used collectively to refer to incomplete sets of approximately 15 decks from the middle of the 15th-century, now located in various museums, libraries, and private collections around the world. No complete deck has survived; rather, some collections boast a few face cards, while some consist of a single card. They are the oldest surviving tarot cards and date back to a period when tarot was still called Trionfi ("triumphs" i.e. trump) cards, and used for everyday playing. They were commissioned by Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan, and by his successor and son-in-law Francesco Sforza. They had a significant impact on the visual composition, card numbering and interpretation of modern decks. The surviving cards are of particular historical interest because of the beauty and detail of the design, which was often executed in precious materials and often reproduce members of the Visconti and Sforza families in period garments and settings. Consequently, the cards also offer a glimpse of nobiliary life in Renaissance Milan, which the Visconti called home since the 13th century. The three most famous collections are discussed in more detail below. This deck, also known as "Colleoni-Baglioni" and "Francesco Sforza", was produced around 1451. Originally composed of 78 cards, it now contains 74, i.e. 20 trumps, 15 face cards, and 39 "pip" cards. The Pierpont-Morgan library in New York City has 35, the Accademia Carrara has 26 in its catalogue, while the remaining 13 are in the private collection of the Colleoni family in Bergamo. Trumps and face cards have a gilt background, while the "pip" cards are cream-coloured with a flower and vine motif. The two missing trumps are the "Devil" and the "Tower". Modern published reproductions of this deck usually contain attempted reconstructions of missing cards. The figures on the suit of "bastoni" wear silver pleated garments and carry a long staff; a large vessel tops either end except for the King, whose staff has a finial only at the top. Those on the suit of "cups" wear gold garments, embellished by the heraldic device of sun and rays; each figure holds a large chalice, as it is often the case with the suit. The suit of "spades" shows figures dressed in full armour, carrying a large sword. Curiously, the characters represented on "denari" wear garments decorated with blue ribbons wound around circular suns. The Knight of this suit is the only one not wearing a ducal crown. Named after the Cary Collection of Playing Cards, absorbed into the Yale University Library in 1967, it is also known as the "Visconti di Modrone" set, and has been dated back to around 1466. Some scholars have, conversely, suggested this may be in fact the oldest of sets, perhaps commissioned by Filippo Maria Visconti at the onset of the project. 67 cards (11 trumps, 17 face cards and 39 "pip" cards) have survived, which has led to the (disputed) suggestion that, given the distribution of the Pierpont-Morgan deck, the total number of cards when this set was produced should have amounted to 86. In the 2007 book "The history of the tarot", scholar Giordano Berti proposes that the deck was produced between 1442 and 1447, because the "denari" (coin) cards bears the recto and verso of the golden florin coined by F. M. Visconti in 1442 and withdrawn from circulation at his death, in 1447. The Cary-Yale is the only historical Western deck with six ranks of face cards, as the "Damsel" and the "Lady on horse" supplement the traditional King, Queen, Knight and Jack. Their ranks can be determined by their positions: standing, mounted on a horse, or enthroned. The trumps also contains the three theological virtues which appears only here and in Minchiate decks. All trump cards have a gilt background, while the pip cards have a silver one. This set is named after Giovanni Brambilla, who acquired the cards in Venice in 1900. As of 1971, the deck has been in the catalogue of the Brera Gallery in Milan. Apparently commissioned to Bonifacio Bembo by Francesco Sforza in 1463, it now consists of 48 cards with only two trumps - the Emperor and the Wheel of Fortune. All face cards have a gilt background, while the pip cards have a silver one. The seven remaining face cards are: Knight and Jack of "cups"; Knight and Jack of "denari"; Knight, Jack and Queen of "bastoni". Almost all "pip" cards have survived, as this set is only missing the four of "denari". </doc> <doc id="2344924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344924" title="Ferrell Center"> Ferrell Center The Ferrell Center is an arena in Waco, Texas. Built in 1988 and located adjacent to the Brazos River, it is home to the Baylor University Bears basketball and volleyball teams. It is named for Charles R. Ferrell, a Baylor student and legacy who died in 1967, and whose family's estate was a major benefactor of the arena. The building replaced the Heart O' Texas Coliseum as the school's primary indoor athletic facility. The brick and concrete building is capped by a round, gold-plated dome across and above the playing surface at its apex. It contains 41 rows of seats, seven of which can be retracted for other events. The dome weighs approximately 175 tons and is constructed of structural aluminum beams covered with anodized gold panels with 4" of vinyl faced insulation on the back (in) side on the panel. The dome is fastened together with Huck fasteners, which are manufactured in Waco. Temcor is the manufacturer of the roof. The surface area of aluminum panels is approximately . During erection, the dome was suspended by 32 cables on a 220' tall tower. The tower was stabilized during erection with 7 guy cables. Concrete poured to date 9650 cubic yards.Structural steel is approximately 500 tons. General description of construction: Drilled piers with concrete support beams for seating bowl. Slab on grade, slabs and structural pan deck slab (over sub-concourse). Precast concrete construction for seating bowl. Exterior facade is architectural precast with white concrete and 5/8" thick brickettes cast into the panels. The panels are attached to a steel structure. Within the center is the Paul J. Meyer Arena which seats 10,284 for basketball, 6,000 for volleyball, 8,000 for concerts, and can seat up to 1,000 for banquets. During the summer of 2010, the Ferrell Center received a brand new, HD center-hung scoreboard. This consists of 4 new HD video screens, and 2 LED 360 degree rings on top and bottom, supplying fans with stats, replays, and more. Along the 4 corners, there are 4 side panels, also providing additional stats. With the addition of the new basketball playing floor the Bears and Lady Bears have the opportunity to be on the hardwood more days out of the year with less conversions time between events and games or practice times. In addition a basketball practice facility was constructed in 2006 on the north west side of the building. It contains 2 full practice courts, a strength and conditioning center, and new offices for the men and women's basketball staff. The inaugural event held in the area was a political rally for former President Ronald Reagan. Through the years, the arena has hosted many famous acts on its stage including: George Strait, Garth Brooks, Keith Urban, Hootie and the Blowfish, Neil Diamond, Dolly Parton, Steven Curtis Chapman, Michael W. Smith, Amy Grant, the Harlem Globetrotters, and many more. Many world leaders have also spent time on the stage including Colin Powell, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and former President George W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush, all part of the President's Forum Lecture Series. Fans have also seen the best of college basketball on the court including major upsets over former conference foe Arkansas in the early 1990s and more recently with the Bears defeating #4-ranked Kansas in 2001, and the Lady Bears knocking off top-ten ranked Iowa State the same year. The Baylor and Waco communities have made the Ferrell Center a tough place to play basketball with record crowds in attendance since the arrival of Kim Mulkey, including a facility record crowd of 10,550 while winning the 2005 women's Big 12 Conference regular season title. Following the record crowd, Mulkey led the Lady Bears to a first ever NCAA Women's National Championship, marking the first national championship for the Big 12 in women's basketball. The arena also plays home to Baylor Volleyball. </doc> <doc id="2344925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344925" title="Arko"> Arko Arko may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344930" title="Maples Pavilion"> Maples Pavilion Maples Pavilion is a 7,392-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California. Opened in early 1969, Maples underwent a $30 million renovation in March 2004 and reopened ahead of schedule, in time for conference play that December. It was named after its principal donor, Roscoe Maples, a member of the class of 1904. Prior to 1969, Stanford played at the Old Pavilion, opened in 1922. Maples is home to multiple Stanford Cardinal athletics teams, including men's and women's basketball, men's and women's gymnastics and women's volleyball. The raucous student section that roots for the men's basketball team is called the "6th Man" and it is located in several rows along courtside. Prior to the renovation, the original floor at Maples had a very springy feel to it. Designed by Stanford graduate John Carl Warnecke (1919–2010), it was installed when the Pavilion opened in 1969. Nine inches (23 cm) of crosshatched wood and air was supposed to create a coil-spring effect preventing injuries, but often had the opposite effect. It caused a "Missed Stair Effect," a phenomenon that occurs when the body senses where the floor should be upon landing after a jump. With the springy feeling of the floor, often the level would be different from when the player jumped, causing a strange sensation throughout the body. On October 14, 2010, the Dalai Lama advocated a secular approach to compassion to a standing room only crowd. The arena is named in honor of Oregon lumber magnate Roscoe W. Maples. Upon his death in 1963, Maples bequeathed most of his $2 million estate to the university. A member of the class of 1904, he left school before graduating to support his parents, and later went on to success in the lumber business. </doc> <doc id="2344935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344935" title="Piano Sonata No. 9 (Beethoven)"> Piano Sonata No. 9 (Beethoven) The Piano Sonata No. 9 in E major, Op. 14, No. 1, is an early-period work by Ludwig van Beethoven, dedicated to Baroness Josefa von Braun, one of his patrons at that time. It was composed in 1798 and arranged for string quartet by the composer in 1801 (Hess 34), the result containing more quartet-like passagework and in the more comfortable key of F major. The sonata is in three movements: The first movement opens with a series of ascending fourths in the right hand, followed by a quartet-like echoing of a phrase in different octaves. The second theme, in B major, is based on a descending run followed by an ascending chromatic run. The development is full of sixteenth-note arpeggios in the left hand, and sixteenth-note left-hand scales accompany the start of the recapitulation, but the movement ends quietly. The second movement is minuet-like; the main section does not resolve to a full cadence, but ends on an E-major chord that feels like the dominant of A minor. The first time, this leads without intermediate modulation to the trio, headed "Maggiore", in C; after its return, the coda briefly quotes the C major tune before returning to E minor. Anton Schindler recalled that Beethoven would play the E-minor section furiously, before pausing at length on the E-major chord and giving a calmer account of the Maggiore. The third movement is in a lively sonata rondo form. On its final return, the main theme is syncopated against triplets. Not withstanding its seeming simplicity, this sonata introduces the "Sturm und Drang" character that became so commonly identified with Beethoven. He adds drama both in the contrast between the lyrical passages that follow very active, textured thematic sections. Furthermore, the contrasting dynamics and variation between major and minor, between using the parallel minor and the subdominant of its relative major (E minor to C major). These were new techniques that offer a hint of the innovations that Beethoven brought to end the Classical era and begin the Romantic era. The pianist and musicologist Charles Rosen considers both of the Opus 14 sonatas to be "considerably more modest than their predecessors", "destined for use in the home" and with "few technical difficulties". According to Donald Francis Tovey, the instrumentation of this sonata for string quartet is “one of the most interesting documents in the history of Beethoven’s art… There is hardly a bar of the quartet-version that does not shed some light on the nature of the pianoforte, of quartet-writing and of the general structure of music… he takes one his smallest sonatas and shows that hardly a bar of pianoforte music can be turned into good quartet-writing without quantities of new material besides drastic transformation of the old.” Tovey singles out the opening of the Allegretto second movement as an example not only of what Beethoven adds, but also of what he "leaves out" in re-imagining the piano sound for strings: “Beethoven shows his profoundest insight in not allowing the four stringed instruments to reproduce the thick pianoforte chords, though this would be possible with quite easy double stops.” </doc> <doc id="2344937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344937" title="Ted Chapman"> Ted Chapman William Edwin (Ted) Chapman (16 December 1934 – 25 July 2005) was a Liberal member of the Parliament of South Australia from 10 Mar 1973 to 11 Mar 1992 and Minister. Chapman represented the district of Alexandra in the South Australian House of Assembly between 1973 and 1992. He served as Minister for Agriculture when David Tonkin was Premier taking a lead in promoting Australian dry-land farming in the Middle East. Chapman died in hospital in July 2005 after incurring a brain hemorrhage two months earlier. His daughter Vickie Chapman has served as a state Liberal parliamentarian since the 2002 election, as deputy Liberal leader since 2013 and previously 2006–2009 and as Deputy Premier since 2018. </doc> <doc id="2344938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344938" title="FPE"> FPE FPE may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344939" title="Al Young"> Al Young Al Young (born May 31, 1939) is an American poet, novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and professor. On May 15, 2005, he was named Poet Laureate of California by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. In appointing Young as Poet Laureate, the Governor praised him: "He is an educator and a man with a passion for the Arts. His remarkable talent and sense of mission to bring poetry into the lives of Californians is an inspiration." Muriel Johnson, Director of the California Arts Council declared: "Like jazz, Al Young is an original American voice." Young’s many books include novels, collections of poetry, essays, and memoirs. His work has appeared in literary journals and magazines including "Paris Review", "Ploughshares", "Essence", "The New York Times", "Chicago Review", "Seattle Review", "Brilliant Corners: A Journal of Jazz & Literature", "Chelsea", "Rolling Stone", "Gathering of the Tribes," and in anthologies including the "Norton Anthology of African American Literature," and the "Oxford Anthology of African American Literature." Born May 31, 1939, in Ocean Springs, Mississippi, on the Gulf Coast near Biloxi, Al Young grew up in the rural South of villages and small towns, and in urban, industrial Detroit. From 1957 to 1960 he attended the University of Michigan, where he co-edited Generation, the campus literary magazine. In 1961 he moved to the San Francisco Bay Area. Settling at first in Berkeley, he held a variety of colorful jobs (folksinger, lab aide, disk jockey, medical photographer, clerk typist, employment counselor) before graduating with honors from U.C. Berkeley with a degree in Spanish. His marriage in 1963 to technical writer and editor Arline Young produced one child: their son Michael, born in 1971. From 1969 to 1976 he was Edward B. Jones Lecturer in Creative Writing at Stanford near Palo Alto, where he lived and worked for three decades. In the year 2000 he returned to Berkeley, where he continues to freelance. Young has taught poetry, fiction writing and American literature at U.C. Berkeley, U.C. Santa Cruz, U.C. Davis, Bowling Green State University, Foothill College, the Colorado College, Rice University, the University of Washington, the University of Michigan, the University of Arkansas, San José State University, where he was appointed the 2002 Lurie Distinguished Professor of Creative Writing, and Charles University in the Czech Republic under the auspices of the Prague Summer Programs. In the spring of 2003 he taught poetry at Davidson College (Davidson, NC), where he was McGee Professor in Writing. In the fall of 2003, as the first Coffey Visiting Professor of Creative Writing at Appalachian State University in Boone, NC, he taught a poetry workshop. From 2003 to 2006 he served on the faculty of Cave Canem’s summer workshop retreats for African American poets. His honors include Wallace Stegner, Guggenheim, Fulbright, and National Endowment for the Arts Fellowships, the PEN-Library of Congress Award for Short Fiction, the PEN-USA Award for Non-Fiction, two Pushcart Prizes, two "The New York Times" Notable Book of the year citations, an Arts Council Silicon Valley Fellowship, the Stephen Henderson Achievement Award for Poetry, Radio Pacifica’s KPFA Peace Prize, the Glenna Luschei Distinguished Poetry Fellowship, and the Richard Wright Award for Excellence in Literature. He has twice received the American Book Award, for "Bodies and Soul: Musical Memoirs" (1982) and "The Sound of Dreams Remembered: Poems 1990-2000" (2002). In the 1970s he wrote film scripts for producer Joseph Strick, Sidney Poitier, Bill Cosby, and Richard Pryor. In the 1980s and '90s, as a cultural ambassador for the United States Information Agency, he traveled throughout South Asia, Egypt, Jordan, Israel and the Palestinian West Bank. In 2001 he traveled to the Persian Gulf to lecture on American and African-American literature and culture in Kuwait and in Bahrain for the U.S. Department of State. Subsequent lecture tours took him to Southern Italy in 2004, and to Italy in 2005. His poetry and prose have been translated into Italian, Spanish, Swedish, Norwegian, Serbo-Croatian, Polish, Chinese, Japanese, Russian, German, Urdu, Korean, and other languages. Blending story, recitation and song, Young often performs with musicians. Full-Length Poetry Collections Chapbooks Musical Memoirs Novels Collaborations Anthologies Edited </doc> <doc id="2344940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344940" title="Arada, Honduras"> Arada, Honduras Arada () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344941" title="Atima"> Atima Atima is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344942" title="Azacualpa"> Azacualpa Azacualpa () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara, known for its coffee production. </doc> <doc id="2344943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344943" title="Ceguaca"> Ceguaca Ceguaca () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. Their latitude is 14.80000 and their longitude is -88.20000. </doc> <doc id="2344945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344945" title="Chinda"> Chinda Chinda is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara.. </doc> <doc id="2344946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344946" title="Concepción del Norte"> Concepción del Norte Concepción del Norte is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344947" title="Concepción del Sur"> Concepción del Sur Concepción del Sur is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344951" title="El Nispero"> El Nispero El Níspero is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. The following villages are in the municipality: </doc> <doc id="2344952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344952" title="Gualala, Honduras"> Gualala, Honduras Gualala is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344953" title="Ilama (fruit)"> Ilama (fruit) The ilama or ilama tree ("Annona diversifolia") is a tropical fruit tree found in Central America. The name is derived from the Nahuatl "ilamatzapotl", of which the rough translation is "old woman's "sapote"". The name is also applied to a similar fruit, "soncoya" or "cabeza de negro" ("Annona purpurea"). The ilama fruit is eaten halved, by scooping the flesh out of the rind, and usually chilled when served. It is sometimes served with cream and sugar to intensify the flavor, or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to highlight a tart and bitter note. The ilama is probably the finest annonaceous fruit which can be grown in the tropical lowlands and the ilama may be termed the cherimoya of the lowlands. The ilama has a compound fruit, which is either cone-shaped, heart-shaped, or ovular. Resembling the cherimoya, it is about six inches (15 cm) long and may weigh as much as two pounds (900 g). Generally, the ilama is covered with more-or-less pronounced, triangular lobules, though some fruits on the same tree may vary from bumpy to fairly smooth. There are two types of ilama, green and pink. The green type has a flesh that is white and sweet, while the pink type has rosy-colored flesh with a tart taste. The rind, or skin, of the ilama varies from a pale-green color to a deep-pink or purplish color, coated with a thick layer of velvety, gray-white bloom. It is about 1/4 inch thick (6 mm), leathery, fairly soft, with a grainy surface. The flesh towards the fruit's center is somewhat fibrous, but smooth and custardy near the rind. The flesh varies from being dryish to being fairly juicy, and contains 25 to 80 hard, smooth, brown, cylindrical seeds, about 3/4 inch (2 cm) long, and 3/8 inch (1 cm) wide. Each seed is enclosed in a close-fitting membrane that, when split, allows the seed to slip out. The tree which produces the ilama stands erect at about 25 feet (7.5m), often branching at ground level. It is distinguished by its aromatic, pale-brownish-grey, furrowed bark and glossy, thin, elliptic to obovate or oblanceolate leaves, two to six inches (5–15 cm) long. Clasping the base of the flowering branchlets are one or two leaf-like, nearly circular, glabrous bracts, about 1 to 1-3/8 inches (2.5 - 3.5 cm) in length. New growth is tinged a reddish or coppery color. The solitary flowers have three minutely hairy, long and narrow petals, maroon in color, with small, rusty, hairy sepals, and stamen-like, pollen-bearing inner petals. Fruit harvest of the ilama tree occurs in late June in Mexico, and only lasts about two weeks. In Guatemala, the harvest season extends from late July to September, and from July to December where the ilama is cultivated in Florida. According to tradition, the fruits are not to be picked until cracking occurs, but they can be picked a little earlier and held up to three days for softening to take place. If the ilama is picked too early, it will never ripen. The yield of the ilama is typically low. During the normal fruiting period, some trees will have no fruits; others only three to 10, while exceptional trees may bear as many as 85 to 100 fruits per season. Francisco Hernandez was one of the first people to document the ilama. He was sent by King Philip II of Spain in 1570 to take note of the useful products of Mexico. For many years, people confused it with the soursop or the custard apple. The ilama is native and grows wild in the foothills of the southwest coast of Mexico and of the Pacific coast of Guatemala and El Salvador. It is strictly a tropical plant. It does not grow naturally higher than 2,000 feet (610 m) in Mexico; although in El Salvador it is cultivated at 5,000 feet (1,524 m), and in Guatemala, it is cultivated up to 5,900 feet (1,800 m). The ilama survives best in climates where there is a long dry season followed by plentiful rainfall. The tree is irrigated in areas where rainfall does not fall periodically. According to analyses made in El Salvador, the food value per 100 g of edible portion of the fruit is as follows: The ilama fruit was used as a plot device in the 1997 Malayalam film "Guru", directed by Rajeev Anchal. This was India's official entry to the 1997 Academy Award, to be considered for nomination for the Best Foreign Film. Unlike its portrayal in the film, eating ilama fruit does not cause blindness, nor does the seed cure one of blindness. </doc> <doc id="2344954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344954" title="Las Vegas, Santa Bárbara"> Las Vegas, Santa Bárbara Las Vegas () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344955" title="Macuelizo"> Macuelizo Macuelizo () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344956" title="Naranjito, Santa Bárbara"> Naranjito, Santa Bárbara Naranjito is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344957" title="Tad Smith Coliseum"> Tad Smith Coliseum C. M. "Tad" Smith Coliseum is an 8,867-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of the University of Mississippi. Through the first part of the 2015–16 basketball season, it was home to the University of Mississippi Rebels men's and women's basketball teams, but was replaced by a new arena, The Pavilion at Ole Miss, in January 2016. It has also hosted many concerts, including Widespread Panic in September 1995 and The Allman Brothers with Gov't Mule in November 1995. The circular building, similar to many arenas constructed at the time, has a diameter white steel-framed, Neoprene-covered roof which tops out at above the court. From its exterior, it looks like a giant hub cap. The floor, 130' from end to end with its Rebel red and blue trim, is located below the surrounding ground level. The seats were replaced in 2001 with navy blue upholstered seats. In 2010 the Tad Pad was upgraded. These upgrades included a unique new center hung video display, featuring four LED boards approximately high by wide. Two ring displays are also part of the center hung structure and are able to show a variety of graphics, animations and statistical information. Overall the display measures approximately high by wide and also features four dedicated scoring sections. In addition to this upgrade, Daktronics provided a custom sound system for the newly renovated arena. The outside of the building includes red Mississippi brick and blue vinyl-covered steel siding. It is located to the southwest of the center of campus, west of Vaught–Hemingway Stadium and across the street from the Robert C. Khayat Law Center. A Confederate cemetery lies behind the building. The building opened during 1965–1966 as Rebel Coliseum. It was renamed on March 25, 1972, to honor C. M. "Tad" Smith, former three-sport letterman, coach, and athletic director at the university. The largest crowd ever at the building was on February 10, 2007, when 9,452 fans watched the Rebels defeat the No. 18 Alabama Crimson Tide. Prior to the building of the Coliseum, the team played in Old Gym (now the Martindale Student Services Center), a 2,500-seat gym built in 1929. In July 2014, Ole Miss broke ground on a new arena named The Pavilion at Ole Miss, which was completed during the 2015–16 basketball season. The final game for the men's team at Tad Smith Coliseum was on December 22, 2015, with the Rebels defeating Troy 83–80 in overtime. The final game overall was on January 3, 2016 when the Ole Miss women defeated Vanderbilt 55–52. The men's team opened the new arena on January 7 against Alabama, with the women's basketball team making their debut in the new arena on January 10 against Florida. </doc> <doc id="2344959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344959" title="Nueva Frontera"> Nueva Frontera Nueva Frontera is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344961" title="Nuevo Celilac"> Nuevo Celilac Nuevo Celilac () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344962" title="Delgo, Sudan"> Delgo, Sudan Delgo is a settlement in Northern Province, Sudan. The settlement is located on the east bank of the Nile River on the A1 Highway from Dongola to Wadi Halfa. Horatio Kitchener's railroad formerly passed through the town, and the rail embankment is still clearly visible. The British had a district office at Delgo, but later downgraded it to a police post. Opposite from Delgo on the west bank of the Nile is the site of the ancient Nubian town of Sesibi where Amenhotep IV built a temple. </doc> <doc id="2344964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344964" title="Petoa"> Petoa Petoa is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344965" title="Protección"> Protección Protección () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. Protección was founded in 1880, with the name of El Ocotal. The name was due to the abundance of pine trees that were in the area ("ocotal" is used colloquially in Honduras to refer a stand of pine trees). The first settlers came to graze livestock from the communities of Santiago and San Juan Posta, which belonged to the municipality of Naranjito, Santa Bárbara. The first houses, called "toros," were built of grass. Because the workers had to travel some distance to graze their livestock, they decided to start building their homes in the area. The more permanent residences gave shape to the new settlement. The village grew rapidly, so residents began meeting with the municipality of Naranjito in 1883 to rename the community and give it official stature. After several meetings, the residents decided to name their town Protección. Traders often passed through this area and found that the community was a safe places in which to rest and feed their livestock. These traders therefore referred to the community as "protección" (protection), which the residents decided was a suitable name. Another interpretation of the story is that the name was decided on because the community was protected in every way by providence. After the name change, the community grew more rapidly. People came from San Luis and Naranjito, Santa Bárbara, as well as from the Republics of Guatemala and El Salvador. In 1890, the first school was established in a house built by Florencio Martinez. Mr. Martinez, originally from the municipality of San Marcos, Santa Bárbara, was the first teacher to work in Protección. In land title dated 26 December 1898, the area is referred to as communal land. Starting in 1910, the village started negotiations with the government in Santa Bárbara (the capital of the department of Santa Bárbara) to become a municipality. After many efforts and trips by community leaders to Santa Bárbara, the community was given the title of Municipality on 15 May 1927, initially encompassing the communities of Las Vueltas, La Reina, El Encanto, Las Loras, Zambrano and El Triunfo. The founding fathers were Don Florencio Martínez, Bartolomé Reyes and Julio Madrid, who worked enthusiastically for the progress of the community, despite many difficulties that were characteristic of those times. The municipality of Protección has an area of . Protección is located in the 15.03 parallel north latitude and 88.65 west longitude. Protección is on the west side of the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara, and delimited to the north by the municipality of Macuelizo, to the south by the municipality of Naranjito, to the east by the municipality of San Luís, and to the west by the department of Copán. A road extends for between Protección and Chalmeca, which is connected to the International Highway running between San Pedro Sula and El Salvador. The road to Protección ballasted and passable at all times. There is also a small network of more than of access roads to communities around Protección. These are passable primarily during the summer. The rains often make the surrounding roads impassable during the winter. The topography of Protección is quite irregular. The average elevation is above sea level. The municipality is surrounded by hills. Protección has 14,272 inhabitants. Of these 7,205 are men or boys and 7,067 are women or girls. The majority of the population (53.34%) are 18 years old or younger. The population density of the Municipality of Protección equivalent to 55 people per square km (14,272 Inhabitants / km 261.6). The major population growth occurs from west to east and currently has a rate of increase of 3.1% per year. The population cores are settled in the low areas in the surrounding hills. The population is grouped in 6 barrios (neighborhoods), 19 aldeas (villages), and 19 caseríos (hamlets). The following sections list the barrios, aldeas, caseríos in Protección. Protección's six barrios encompass the urban and administrative districts of Protección. Their 2,912 inhabitants account for 20.4 percent of the population of the municipality. The barrios range in size from 257 to 1169 inhabitants. These six barrios are often referred to collectively as the "town of Protección". The 8,634 inhabitants of Protección's 19 aldeas account for 60.5 percent of the population of the municipality. The aldeas range in size from 167 to 935 inhabitants. The 2,726 inhabitants of Protección's 19 caseríos account for 19.1 percent of the population of the municipality. The caseríos range in size from 22 to 317 inhabitants. As in much of Honduras, the inhabitants of Protección are predominantly mestizo, with life centred primarily on agriculture. They are characteristically friendly, sociable and hospitable, assuming as part of their culture the variety of customs, traditions, and food that are typical to Honduras. The people are accustomed to using nicknames, for instance, don Celso Martinez is called Celso "Caspa", don Constantino Alvarado is called "Tino Plato", and doña Victoria Quijada is called "La Avioneta". As in the rest of Honduras, a majority of the population is Roman Catholic, with a growing percentage of Evangelicals. As such they observe the Christian holidays, or "La Navidad", and the Holy Week preceding Easter, called "Semana Santa" as times of celebration. Christmas Eve, known as "Nochebuena", as in much of Honduras, is celebrated with a late-night dinner with family and friends followed by lighting off fireworks at midnight. For Holy Week, there is a procession. Most businesses are closed Thursday and Friday of Holy Week as they are national holidays. In addition to Christmas and Easter, several other annual festivals and holidays are celebrated including the festival of the Patron Saint of Proteccion (Feria Patronal del San Isidro) on 1 May (although the actual day of the patron saint is 15 May). The population also celebrates the National holidays, such as 15 September, which is the day of Independence from Spain (Día de Independencia). Festivals may include processions, beauty contests, music, food, disco or traditional dancing, live music, and fireworks. Foods that are customarily eaten in Proteccion are tamales, "travelers" tamales (ticucos), sweet bread (marquezote), cornbread (pan de maiz), caramel milk (dulce en leche), tripe soup (sopa de mondongo), free-range chicken soup (sopa de gallina criolla), sweetened stewed squash (ayote en dulce), tamalitos, corn tamales (montucas), corn tortas (riguas de atole, typically with freshly harvested corn), sweet corn drink (atol de elote, typically with freshly harvested corn), Honduran red beans (frijoles), corn tortillas (tortilla de maíz), and fried cassava (yuca frita). The economic activities of the municipality are cultivation of coffee, subsistence farming of corn and beans, small scale commerce, services that support a farming community, including carpentry, construction, metal and mechanical workshops, tailors and dressmakers, barbers, and small commercial enterprises. The small villages and hamlets in the municipality have traditionally grown coffee for selling on a larger scale, and corn and beans for subsistence. Some communities grow bananas, pineapples and vegetables. Families are sometimes able to produce surplus corn and beans for selling in the urban area of the municipality or in the larger communities near the access road to Protección. Buyers sometimes also drive their pick-ups into villages and hamlets, especially during harvests, to purchase sacks of grains and coffee. Cattle are grown on a small scale. Coffee represents about 30 percent of the agricultural production, corn and beans represent about 65 percent, and livestock grazing plays a smaller role. On average, 85% percent of the corn and beans are consumed locally or by the producers, while 15% are exported from the community. Small amounts of vegetables and fruits are grown primarily for local consumption. Fruits include bananas and plantains, avocados, mangos and papaya. Trade of goods and services occurs predominantly in the primary barrios of Protección. There also are the offices of the various public agencies that serve the municipality. As of 2012, the working age population represented about 70% of the population. Thirty eight percent of the working age population is gainfully employed, 85 percent including the gainfully employed are occupied, although many of those either part-time or underemployed. The predominant professions are homemaker, farmer, labourers, retailers, maids, construction workers, primary school teachers, carpenters, surveyors, cigar makers, mechanics, milliners and laundresses. Under employment exists particularly among the women. They participate primarily in family activities. They help with agricultural tasks, especially in picking coffee or tending to other aspects of coffee production. Women receive some income from breeding poultry and egg sales, sewing, cutting coffee, fish farming, pig growing, micro-business, vegetable processing, and running small groceries and eateries. The climate of this district is temperate with an average temperature of degrees. The average annual precipitation is per year. Honduras has two seasons. The rainy season is referred to as winter and the dry season as summer. The major portion the rain received by Protección falls during between June and November, with the dry season extending from the end of January through May. Land tenure is always a problem. Thirty-five percent of the population of Protección have no land, while 65% of the population have land, but ownership tends to be in hands of wealthy individuals or corporate entities. There are a few community lands that resulted from land redistribution efforts, such as the community of La Ruidosa, where the farmers work plots of the land but do not have ownership. It should be noted that communities such as La Laguna, El Corozal among others are on private land that have not been authenticated by the inhabitants. Protección is within the watershed covered by the Chiquila sub-basin project, which is focused on protecting water sources in the region. The most important sources of water for Protección are La Angostura, Cerro Redondo, Copo Helado, and Las Moras, which act as watersheds that drain into important water basins of the country. These are the Jicatuyo, Chamelecón, and Ulúa, and part of the Jicatuyo. The only river running through the municipality is the Río Blanco. The area is covered with pine forests. Pinus caribaea is more common at lower elevations while you are more likely to encounter Pinus maximinoi above m. The understory is composed of smaller species, such as oaks, nance, oak bush, grasses, ferns and squat. There has been extensive deforestation by individuals moving into the region and up the hillsides in search of a plot of land on which to support a family. Traditional slash and burn agricultural methods contribute to the problem of deforestation along with cattle pasture seeding, and clearing land for coffee production. Within the past few decades there has been deforestation throughout the coffee growing region of Central America due to introduction of higher-producing coffee that does not require shade. </doc> <doc id="2344966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344966" title="Quimistán"> Quimistán Quimistán is a municipality in Santa Bárbara Department of Honduras. Honduras football international Mauricio Sabillón was born in Quimistán. </doc> <doc id="2344968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344968" title="Renzo De Felice"> Renzo De Felice Renzo De Felice (8 April 1929 – 25 May 1996) was an Italian historian, who specialized in the Fascist era, writing, among other works, a 6000-page biography of Mussolini (4 volumes, 1965–1997). He argued that Mussolini was a revolutionary modernizer in domestic issues but a pragmatist in foreign policy who continued the Realpolitik policies of Italy from 1861 to 1922. De Felice was born in Rieti and studied under Federico Chabod and Delio Cantimori at the Sapienza University of Rome. During his time as student, he was a member of the Italian Communist Party. After the Soviet repression of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, De Felice was among 101 Italian intellectuals who sharply criticized the Italian Communists for backing of the Soviets. He broke with them and joined the Italian Socialist Party. He taught history at the University of Rome. He was married to Livia De Ruggiero. He died in Rome. De Felice is best known for a massive four volume, eight book biography of Benito Mussolini that was almost finished when he died. De Felice was the founder and editor of the influential journal "Storia Contemporanea". De Felice, a liberal Jew, also wrote a well-regarded history of Jewish life under the Fascist government and articles on Italian Jacobinism. De Felice's leading interest was in Fascism. In his view, there were two types of Fascism, "Fascism as a movement" and "Fascism as a regime". De Felice saw Fascism, especially in the "movement" stage, as a revolutionary middle-class ideology that had deep roots in the Age of Enlightenment. Moreover, De Felice insisted that it was not caused by fear of a proletarian revolution on the part of the lower middle classes, as Leftist historiography maintained; it was rather an assertive movement, originated by an emerging middle class in search for its proper role. Fascism, as a regime, was seen by De Felice as nothing more than Mussolini's policy, which tended to make of Fascist ideology just the superstructure of Mussolini's dictatorship and personal power. De Felice felt that fascism should be seen as valid political ideology, not just something to be demonized and dismissed in simplistic terms. He argued that studies on Fascism should get out from the political debate and become a historiographical issue based on scientific assertions. Furthermore, De Felice insisted that there was no connection or valid comparisons to be drawn between Italian Fascism and German national socialism, which De Felice saw as being a completely different political ideology. Critics on the Left attacked De Felice for being too sympathetic to Italian Fascism. Giuliano Procacci, Paolo Alatri, Nicola Tranfaglia and others even accused De Felice of supporting Fascism. However, Italian communist leader and intellectual activist Giorgio Amendola came to de Felice's defense, and rejected many of the criticisms of Tranfaglia and Ferrara in 1975, calling for more civil dialogue on fascism and antifascism. Although he acknowledged many of de Felice's discrepancies, Amendola endorsed some of De Felice's ideas, including the "revolutionary aspect in Fascism" and the theory that Mussolini's Fascist movement attracted ample adherents among the populace. </doc> <doc id="2344969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344969" title="San Francisco de Ojuera"> San Francisco de Ojuera San Francisco de Ojuera () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344970" title="San José de Colinas"> San José de Colinas San José de Colinas is a town and municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. As of 2007 it has a population of 4,045. San José de Colinas is a colorful city located two hours from San Pedro Sula. The municipality counts on 34 villages of which the most important is San Miguel of lajas. Tourist sites include a Catholic temple that dates from 1930 by the creeks of the Jicatuyo River. The local football team, Cruz Azul, play in the Honduran second division. </doc> <doc id="2344971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344971" title="San Luis, Santa Bárbara"> San Luis, Santa Bárbara San Luis is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. San Luis has a population of about 15,000. Its economy is based strongly around coffee farming. San Luis is in a region with many pine-covered hills. </doc> <doc id="2344972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344972" title="San Marcos, Santa Bárbara"> San Marcos, Santa Bárbara San Marcos is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344974" title="San Nicolás, Santa Bárbara"> San Nicolás, Santa Bárbara San Nicolás is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. About six thousand people live in San Nicolás. The economy consists primarily of coffee farmers and workers from the surrounding area. Full advantage has not been taken of nearby rivers, caves, and remarkable countryside as tourist draws, though they well could be. </doc> <doc id="2344975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344975" title="San Pedro Zacapa"> San Pedro Zacapa San Pedro Zacapa () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344977" title="Santa Rita, Santa Bárbara"> Santa Rita, Santa Bárbara Santa Rita is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344978" title="San Vicente Centenario"> San Vicente Centenario San Vicente Centenario () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. </doc> <doc id="2344979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344979" title="Trinidad, Santa Bárbara"> Trinidad, Santa Bárbara Trinidad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Santa Bárbara. The townspeople claim to have Jewish sephardim ancestors, it is also home of General Juan E. Paredes, who as a Commerce Secretary for Honduras signed the Paredes - Knox treaty between the United States and Honduras. It is also home to a street named after Shimon Agur former Israeli Ambassador and to a sports center named Plaza Jerusalem, because it was built with help from Israel. </doc> <doc id="2344981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344981" title="Kintore"> Kintore Kintore may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2344988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344988" title="Temple of Hercules Victor"> Temple of Hercules Victor The Temple of Hercules Victor ('Hercules the Winner') () or Hercules Olivarius is a Roman temple in Piazza Bocca della Verità, in the area of the Forum Boarium close to the Tiber in Rome, Italy. It is a tholos - a round temple of Greek 'peripteral' design completely encircled by a colonnade. This layout caused it to be mistaken for a temple of Vesta until it was correctly identified by Napoleon's Prefect of Rome, Camille de Tournon. Despite (or perhaps due to) the Forum Boarium's role as the cattle-market for ancient Rome, the Temple of Hercules is the subject of a folk belief claiming that neither flies nor dogs will enter the holy place. Dating from the later 2nd century BC, and perhaps erected by L. Mummius Achaicus, conqueror of the Achaeans and destroyer of Corinth, the temple is 14.8 m in diameter and consists of a circular cella within a concentric ring of twenty Corinthian columns 10.66 m tall, resting on a tuff foundation. These elements supported an architrave and roof, which have disappeared. The original wall of the cella, built of travertine and marble blocks, and nineteen of the originally twenty columns remain but the current tile roof was added later. Palladio's published reconstruction suggested a dome, though this was apparently erroneous. The temple is the earliest surviving marble building in Rome. Its major literary sources are two almost identical passages, one in Servius' commentary on the "Aeneid" (viii.363) and the other in Macrobius' "Saturnalia". Though Servius mentions that "aedes duae sunt", "there are two sacred temples", the earliest Roman calendars mention but one festival, on 13 August, to "Hercules Victor" and "Hercules Invictus" interchangeably. By 1132 the temple had been converted to a church, known as Santo Stefano alle Carozze (St. Stephen 'of the carriages'). Additional restorations (and a fresco over the altar) were made in 1475. A plaque in the floor was dedicated by Sixtus IV. In the 17th century the church was rededicated to "Santa Maria del Sole" ("St. Mary of the Sun"). The temple and the Temple of Vesta in Tivoli were an inspiration for Bramante's Tempietto and other High Renaissance churches of centralized plan. The temple was recognized officially as an ancient monument in 1935 and restored in 1996. </doc> <doc id="2344989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344989" title="Palmer Trinity School"> Palmer Trinity School Palmer Trinity School is an independent, college preparatory, coeducational Episcopal day school located on in Palmetto Bay, Florida (a Miami suburb). The school currently enrolls more than 770 students in grades 6-12. Palmer Trinity is the only Episcopal Middle and Upper School in Miami-Dade County. The school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and the Florida Council of Independent Schools. Palmer Trinity School was formed in 1991 when Palmer School (founded in 1972) and Trinity Episcopal School (founded in 1981) merged. The school was formerly located in the census-designated place of Cutler until the incorporation of Palmetto Bay on September 10, 2002. Palmer Trinity was badly damaged by Hurricane Andrew, but one building was used to host the 82nd Airborne for 6 weeks in the aftermath. After the merger, Palmer Trinity gradually grew from 300 to 650 students. A Humanities Building, Music Center, Fitness Facility, Math/Science Building, and expanded Library were added to the original three buildings. Palmer Trinity's campus incorporates South Florida flora, including gumbo limbo trees, royal poincianas, palms, ferns, and orchids. It has the largest grounds of any independent school in Miami-Dade County. It has encouraged the use of wireless laptop computers since 1999, and has 50 athletic teams. Today Palmer Trinity’s students, over 50% of whom are bilingual, come from 37 countries. Students come from Christian, Jewish, Islamic, and Hindu religious backgrounds. Palmer Trinity has attempted to expand its campus onto a neighboring 33 acre property since 2006. A legal debate that has been in and out of appellate courts has cost millions of dollars to both Village of Palmetto Bay and Palmer Trinity. The school's Coral Lab is an interdisciplinary center for education, training, and research in marine biology engaging in research in the laboratory and in the field, studying ocean organisms and environmental problems. Many students ultimately choose a career in marine science, biology, or policy. Courses offered include marine conservation, biology of corals, coral propagation, aquarium fish breeding, and mangrove ecology. Started during the 2009-2010 school year, Palmer Trinity School's partnership with Breakthrough Miami gave way to Breakthrough's first expansion site into Southwest Miami-Dade County. During the summer more than 150 rising 5th-, 6th-, 7th-, and 8th-grade students visit the school for Breakthrough's Summer Institute at PTS, and it hosts sessions throughout the year. Breakthrough Miami is modeled after the "Summerbridge", later Breakthrough Collaborative, program founded in San Francisco, CA, by Louis Loufbourrow in 1978. </doc> <doc id="2344992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344992" title="Leventikos"> Leventikos Leventikos (, "Levéntikos"; , "Pušteno"), also known as "Litós" (Λιτός), "Kucano", "Nešo", and "Bufskoto Oro", is a dance of western Macedonia, mainly performed by ethnic Macedonians and Greeks in the town of Florina, Greece and in the Resen and Bitola regions in the neighbouring Republic of Macedonia. Reflecting the dance steps: "slow"-"quick-quick-slow-quick", the meter comprises five beats of varying length but these lengths come in different variations: The third (second ) beat may be lengthened relative to its written value in both variations but less so at higher speeds. The last (third ) beat may be shortened, a common Balkan treatment of meters. The meter appears in traditional Northern and Southern Albanian ballads, in dance tunes such as "Berace", and in Macedonian dances such as "Beranče", "Bajrače" and "Bufčansko" (Macedonian: Буфчанско; also called "Bufskoto" or "Bufsko"). The meter has appeared more recently in various tunes for the Leventikos dance in the Florina region of Greece, and in Macedonian dances like "Pušteno", in renditions of the same songs that were traditionally rendered in or . For example, for the tune "Ibraim Odza" there are different performances in both and . The Levendikos dance performed in Petroussa is very different from the one in Florina. </doc> <doc id="2345000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345000" title="Alianza, Valle"> Alianza, Valle Alianza () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. </doc> <doc id="2345001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345001" title="Amapala"> Amapala Amapala is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. It is formed by El Tigre Island and its satellite islets and rocks in the Gulf of Fonseca. It has an area of 75.2 km² and a population of 2,482 as of the census of 2001 (of which 4 people were living on Isla Comandante). Thanks to a natural deep channel, and despite lacking modern infrastructure, Amapala long served as the main Honduran port in the Pacific Ocean. Amapala was founded in 1838, and its port was opened and declared free in 1868. During the 19th century it exported large quantities of gold, silver and other ores, although its progress was retarded by the delay in constructing a transcontinental railway from Puerto Cortés. Beginning in the late 19th century, Amapala was gradually replaced in importance by the port of San Lorenzo on the mainland. A description of the town in 1881 can be found in the book "A Lady's Ride Across Spanish Honduras" by Mary Lester (a.k.a. Mary Soltera). It was intended to be the capital of the Republic of Central America in the late 1890s. This area typically has a pronounced dry season. According to the Köppen climate classification system, Amapala has a tropical savanna climate, abbreviated "Aw" on climate maps. The community receives funds from former residents who have moved to other countries. most residents work as fishermen, while 300 have formal jobs. </doc> <doc id="2345002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345002" title="Aramecina"> Aramecina Aramecina () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. </doc> <doc id="2345003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345003" title="Caridad"> Caridad Caridad () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. It is located close to the Salvadoran border. </doc> <doc id="2345004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345004" title="Goascorán"> Goascorán Goascorán is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. </doc> <doc id="2345006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345006" title="Langue"> Langue Langue is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. The town is located near the border of El Salvador and is a regional Hammock making center. Most of the town is made up of sharecroppers and day laborers. There are usually Mormon missionaries and Peace Corps volunteers in the city. There is a lot of cattle raised on the flat areas of town. The town has suffered greatly from deforestation and drought. The town's technical school "Instituto Tecnico John F. Kennedy" was built by the Peace Corps. The municipality has an official population of over 25,000, most of whom live in the surrounding villages. The main town has a moderate sized market that expands greatly on Sundays when villagers come to town to sell crops or goods. Also is the town in which population has the best transportation in the south zone of Honduras. There are buses traveling to: Amatillo, Nacaome, Choluteca, Monjaras, Cedeño, Buena vista, Tegucigalpa, El Progreso and so on. </doc> <doc id="2345008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345008" title="San Francisco de Coray"> San Francisco de Coray San Francisco de Coray () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. </doc> <doc id="2345009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345009" title="San Lorenzo, Valle"> San Lorenzo, Valle San Lorenzo () is a municipality in the Honduran department of Valle. The city was established by Spaniards as a village in 1522 but not granted city status until 1909. It is the primary Honduran port on the Pacific coast and lies on the Pan American Highway. San Lorenzo is located in the department of Valle. It is located at approximately 13.42 North 87.45 West. San Lorenzo is located 60 miles (2 hours) south from Tegucigalpa, the capital of Honduras, 21 miles east of the border crossing to El Salvador at El Amatillo and 50 miles west from Nicaragua. San Lorenzo is also located about 8 miles south of Jicaro Galan, Valle (located at the crossroads of the Pan American Highway and the Southern Highway). The next closest sizeable cities are Nacaome, Valle to the north and Choluteca, Choluteca which is 19 miles to the east. According to the 2001 Honduran National Census, San Lorenzo is the 20th largest city with a population of 21,043. According to census, the population was divided between 19 colonias and barrios. It had a population of 15,294 in 1988 and 9,467 in 1974 fin. It has become one of the most developed cities in southern Honduras. Its economy is based around the seafood industry (shrimp), tourism and agriculture (watermelon, melon and other fruits). The city has one public market, six banks, one cooperative and many restaurants located in La Cabaña, the tourist area. The modern public market was built by the Spaniards c. 2005. The largest hotels include El Gran Hotel Miramar, Hotel Club Morazán and Villas Concha Mar Condominiums. The patron saint celebration takes place in August. San Lorenzo's best secret is the "Sopa Marinera," a strong, tasty seafood soup. Many tourists visit the area, including Europeans sailing in the Gulf of Fonseca. A small city park has several concrete marine animals including a shrimp, shark, crab and a pelican for children to play on. A new park was built in late 2007. It is located near La Cabaña and the Miramar Hotel. It includes a monument dedicated to present and past mariners including those that once worked in pangones, transporting wood and other articles from Amapala. Most streets are paved. An abandoned 4,400 airstrip with an elevation of 26 feet above sea level can be found northwest of the city center. However, the closest airport with scheduled flights is Toncontin International Airport (MHTG) in Tegucigalpa. Puerto de Henecan opened in 1979, which replaced the port at Amapala. </doc> <doc id="2345012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345012" title="C.D. Paladín"> C.D. Paladín The Club de Deportes Paladín is a soccer club based in Guayaquil, Ecuador. </doc> <doc id="2345019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345019" title="Quartz latite"> Quartz latite A quartz latite is a volcanic rock or fine grained intrusive rock equivalent to a latite with a phenocryst modal composition containing 5-20% quartz. Above 20% quartz, the rock would be classified as a rhyolite. It is the fine grained equivalent of a quartz monzonite containing approximately equal amounts of plagioclase and alkali feldspar. </doc> <doc id="2345021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345021" title="Koftos"> Koftos Koftos () is a lively Greek dance typical of the areas of Thessaly, Epirus and central Greece. "Koftos" in Greek means to cut and the name of the dance comes from the periodic interruptions in the music/tune. When the music stops, the dancers yell "Hey", and you can also put your arms up, down, or clap. This sta dio (two-measure) style dance is a faster syrtos (Syrtos, Sirto, Sirtos), that can also be danced going backwards and forwards or with partners. </doc> <doc id="2345028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345028" title="Terminal moraine"> Terminal moraine A terminal moraine, also called end moraine, is a type of moraine that forms at the snout (edge) of a glacier, marking its maximum advance. At this point, debris that has accumulated by plucking and abrasion, and has been pushed by the front edge of the ice, is driven no further and instead is dumped in a heap. Because the glacier acts very much like a conveyor belt, the longer it stays in one place, the greater the amount of material that will be deposited. The moraine is left as the marking point of the terminal extent of the ice. Terminal moraines are one of the most prominent types of moraines in the Arctic. One notable terminal moraine is Trollgarden in Norway, once thought to be magically constructed by trolls. In North America, the Outer Lands is a name given to the terminal moraine archipelago of the northeastern region of the United States (Cape Cod, Martha's Vineyard, Nantucket, Block Island and Long Island). According to geologist George Frederick Wright some of the most promient examples of terminal moraines in Long Island are "the most remarkable in the world". Other prominent examples of terminal moraines are the Tinley Moraine and the Valparaiso Moraine, perhaps the best examples of terminal moraines in North America. These moraines are most clearly seen southwest of Chicago. In Europe, virtually all the terrain in the central Netherlands is made up of an extended terminal moraine. In Switzerland, alpine terminal moraines can be found, one striking example being the moraine at the end of the valley of the Forno Glacier in the south-eastern canton of Graubünden near St. Moritz and the Italian border. In New Zealand the Franz Josef Glacier on the West Coast has created the terminal moraine called the Waiho Loop. </doc> <doc id="2345032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345032" title="Paul Dinello"> Paul Dinello Paul E. Dinello (born November 28, 1962) is an American comedian, actor, writer, director, and producer. He is best known for his role as Geoffrey Jellineck on Comedy Central's "Strangers with Candy". Currently he is a writer and supervising producer for "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", where he has made several on-camera appearances. Dinello was born in Oak Park, Illinois, to Frank Anthony Dinello, the head of DePaul University's Mental Health Clinic and Ann Lee Zeiler. He's the fourth of five siblings: Donna, Lori, Linda and David. His uncle Dan Dinello, who piqued his interest in directing, is an independent filmmaker and professor emeritus at Columbia College Chicago. Dinello attended DePaul University and graduated from DePaul's College of Communications in 1985. He is also an alumnus of Chicago-based The Second City, Improv Institute, and Annoyance Theatre. In the late 1980s, he was hired to perform with Second City's touring company. It was there where he met Amy Sedaris and Stephen Colbert with whom he often collaborated later in his career. By their retelling, the three comedians did not get along at first – Dinello thought Colbert was uptight, pretentious and cold, while Colbert thought of Dinello as "an illiterate thug" – but the trio became close friends while touring together, discovering that they shared a similar comic sensibility. He and Sedaris were offered the opportunity to create a television series for HBO Downtown Productions, Colbert left The Second City and relocated to New York to work with them on the sketch comedy show "Exit 57". The series debuted on Comedy Central in 1995 and aired through 1996. Although it lasted for only 12 episodes, the show received favorable reviews and was nominated for five CableACE Awards in 1995, in categories including best writing, performance, and comedy series. A few years later, Dinello worked again with Sedaris and Colbert to develop a new comedy series for Comedy Central, "Strangers with Candy". Comedy Central picked up the series in 1998 "Strangers with Candy" was conceived of as a parody of after school specials, following the life of Jerri Blank, a 46-year-old dropout who returns to finish high school after 32 years of life on the street. Most noted by critics for its use of offensive humor, it concluded each episode by delivering to the audience a skewed, politically incorrect moral lesson. Dinello served as a main writer alongside Sedaris and Colbert, and portrayed Jerri's naïve and self-centered art teacher, Geoffrey Jellineck, seen throughout the series not actually teaching anything to his classes. Dinello took inspiration for his character from a teacher he used to have in high school. Another running joke throughout the series was that Jellineck was having a secret affair with fellow teacher Chuck Noblet. Thirty episodes of "Strangers with Candy" were made, which aired on Comedy Central in 1999 and 2000. Though its ratings were not remarkable during its initial run, it has been characterized as a cult show with a small but dedicated audience. Dinello reprised his role for a film adaptation, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2005 and had a limited release in 2006. The film received mixed reviews. Dinello directed and produced the film and also co-wrote the screenplay with Sedaris and Colbert. Since 2005 until the show's end in 2014, Dinello worked as a writer and supervising producer for "The Colbert Report", he has also made some camera appearances as Tad, the building manager. The character is often berated by Colbert, who forces him to do dangerous things. In 2015, alongside with the rest of "The Colbert Report" crew, he moved to "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" working as a writer and supervising producer. He sometimes appears on camera helping Colbert with some of the show's segments or on the cold open sketches. In 2017 he co-created the craft-oriented comedy "At Home with Amy Sedaris" alongside Sedaris. In 2003, Dinello co-authored the novel "Wigfield" with Sedaris and Colbert, which they promoted by creating a traveling play. Participant Media announced that it would produce Dinello's next film, "Mr. Burnout" (about a burned out teacher seeking to rekindle his love of teaching). He also appeared as Mr. Rooney in the film "Be Kind Rewind", alongside Jack Black Dinello directed the Nickelodeon original movie "", starring Christopher Meloni and Sedaris. With Sedaris, Dinello co-authored "Simple Times: Crafts for Poor People", published in 2010. He can be seen with Sedaris in the "Mummified Hand" episode of the Science Channel show "Oddities". Dinello has said his creative influences include, comedians: Ernie Kovacs, Buster Keaton, Peter Sellers and Monty Python, filmmakers: Jean-Pierre Jeunet, Terry Gilliam, Federico Fellini and photographers: Diane Arbus and Mary Ellen Mark. Dinello dated his "Strangers with Candy" co-star Amy Sedaris for eight years after they met at Second City. Dinello met his wife, photographer Danielle St. Laurent, while working on the artwork for the book "Simple Times: Crafts for Poor People". They got married in 2011. The ceremony was officiated by his long-time friend Stephen Colbert, for whom he had served as best man. The couple has two sons Giancarlo Francis Dinello (born 2011) and Luca Dinello (born 2015). Sedaris is their godmother. Aside from filmmaking his other interests include playing guitar and looking after his vegetable garden. </doc> <doc id="2345036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345036" title="University of Auckland Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences"> University of Auckland Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences The University of Auckland's Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences (formerly known as "The University of Auckland School of Medicine") was established in 1968 at its present site in Grafton, Auckland. Prior to this, the University of Otago had taught some students from the final years of its medical course in Auckland through a branch faculty of the Dunedin School of Medicine. The Faculty possesses the only "brain bank" in New Zealand. This "brain bank" contains over 400 brains bequeathed to the medical school, these include those from people who suffer neurological diseases such as Huntington's disease and Parkinson's disease. The University of Auckland welcomed the commitment by New Zealand and Australian prime ministers to fund NZ $ 3 million over 2 years for a trans Tasman project to investigate potential vaccines against Rheumatic fever Rheumatic fever is a major health concern in NZ and Australia, particularly in Maori, Pacifica and aboriginal communities have highest rates in the world. It is a result of an immune reaction to infection by group A streptococcus. This vaccine project compliments ongoing public health programs which contribute to high rates of disease in New Zealand and Australia. The University has considerable expertise in both the basic science of group A streptococcus infection and public health approaches required to take high rates of rheumatic fever as per John Fraser, Dean of the Faculty of Medical and Health sciences. </doc> <doc id="2345042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345042" title="The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934 film)"> The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934 film) The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, featuring Peter Lorre, and released by Gaumont British. It was one of the most successful and critically acclaimed films of Hitchcock's British period. The film is Hitchcock's first film using this title and was followed later with his own 1956 film using the same name featuring a significantly different plot and script. In the second film with the same title, Hitchcock developed a separate plot and script featuring James Stewart and Doris Day in 1956 for Paramount Pictures. The two films, however, are very different in tone, in setting, and in many plot details. In the book-length interview "Hitchcock/Truffaut" (1967), in response to fellow filmmaker François Truffaut's assertion that aspects of the remake were by far superior, Hitchcock replied, "Let's say the first version is the work of a talented amateur and the second was made by a professional." The 1934 film has nothing except the title in common with G. K. Chesterton's 1922 book of detective stories of the same name. Hitchcock decided to use the title because he held the film rights for some of the stories in the book. Bob and Jill Lawrence (Leslie Banks and Edna Best) are a British couple on a trip to Switzerland, travelling with their daughter Betty (Nova Pilbeam). They have befriended Frenchman Louis Bernard (Pierre Fresnay), a skier, who is staying at their hotel. Jill is participating in a clay pigeon shooting contest. She reaches the final but loses to a male sharpshooter, Ramon (Frank Vosper), because at the crucial moment she is distracted by the noise of a chiming watch that belongs to Abbott (Peter Lorre). That evening, Louis is fatally shot as Jill dances with him. Before he expires, he tells Jill where to find a note that is to be delivered to the British consul; she in turn tells Bob. Bob reads the note, which—it transpires—contains vital indications concerning a planned international crime. The criminals involved in the shooting kidnap Betty, and threaten that she will be killed if her parents tell anyone what they know. Unable for that reason to seek help from the police, the couple return to England. They follow a series of leads and discover that the group, led by Abbott, intends to assassinate the head of state of an unidentified European country during a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. The group has hired Ramon as gunman for the assassination. Jill attends the concert, and distracts Ramon's aim by screaming at the crucial moment. The criminals return to their lair, which is behind the temple of a sun-worshipping cult in the London district of Wapping, near the docks. Bob had entered the temple as he searched for Betty; both are being held prisoner in the adjoining house, in separate rooms. The police surround the buildings, and a major gunfight ensues; the police are issued with rifles. The criminals hold out until their ammunition runs low and nearly all of them have been killed. Betty climbs up to the roof, fleeing from Ramon, who follows her. A police marksman dares not attempt to shoot him, for he is standing so close to Betty. Jill grabs the rifle and her sharpshooting skills finally triumph—she shoots Ramon, who falls off the roof without harming Betty. The police storm the building. Abbott, the criminal mastermind, is still alive and hiding behind a door, but he is betrayed by the chiming of his watch, and is shot and killed by the police. A terrified Betty is reunited with her parents. Nova Pilbeam was the last surviving cast member until her death on 17 July 2015. Before switching to the project, Hitchcock was reported to be working on "Road House" (1934), which was eventually directed by Maurice Elvey. The film started when Hitchcock and writer Charles Bennett tried to adapt a Bulldog Drummond story revolving around international conspiracies and the kidnapping of a baby; its original title was "Bulldog Drummond's Baby". The deal for an adaptation fell through, and the frame of the plot was reused in the script for "The Man Who Knew Too Much", the title itself taken from an unrelated G.K. Chesterton compilation. The story is credited to Bennett and D. B. Wyndham Lewis; Bennett claimed that Lewis had been hired to write some dialogue that was never used and provided none of the story. Peter Lorre was unable to speak English at the time of filming (he had only recently fled from Nazi Germany) and learned his lines phonetically. The shoot-out at the end of the film was based on the Sidney Street Siege, a real-life incident that took place in London's East End (where Hitchcock grew up) on 3 January 1911. The shoot-out was not included in Hitchcock's 1956 remake. Hitchcock hired Australian composer Arthur Benjamin to write a piece of music especially for the climactic scene at the Royal Albert Hall. The music, known as the "Storm Clouds Cantata", is used in both the 1934 version and the 1956 remake. Alfred Hitchcock's cameo appears 33 minutes into the film. He can be seen crossing the street from right to left in a black trenchcoat before Bob and Clive enter the chapel. "The Man Who Knew Too Much" opened in London in December 1934. The film received its opening in New York on 21 March 1935. Contemporary reviews were positive, with C.A. Lejeune of "The Observer" stating that she was "happy about this film [...] because of its very recklessness, its frank refusal to indulge in subtleties, to be the most promising work that Hitchcock has produced since "Blackmail"". "The Daily Telegraph" referred to it as a "striking come-back" for Hitchcock, while the "Daily Mail" stated that "Hitchcock leaps once again into the front rank of British directors". "The New York Times" praised the film as the "raciest melodrama of the new year", noting that it was "excitingly written" and an "excellently performed bit of story-telling". The review praised Alfred Hitchcock as "one of England's ablest and most imaginative film makers" and stated that Peter Lorre "lacks the opportunity to be the one-man chamber of horrors that he was in ["M"]" but "is certainly something to be seen", comparing him favourably to actor Charles Laughton. The film has an 86% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. </doc> <doc id="2345044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345044" title="The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956 film)"> The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956 film) The Man Who Knew Too Much is a 1956 American suspense thriller film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock, starring James Stewart and Doris Day. The film is Hitchcock's second film using this title following his own 1934 film of the same name featuring a significantly different plot and script. In the book-length interview "Hitchcock/Truffaut" (1967), in response to fellow filmmaker François Truffaut's assertion that aspects of the remake were by far superior, Hitchcock replied "Let's say the first version is the work of a talented amateur and the second was made by a professional." The film won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)", sung by Doris Day. It premiered at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival on April 29. An American family – Dr. Benjamin "Ben" McKenna, his wife, popular singer Josephine “Jo” Conway McKenna, and their son Henry "Hank" McKenna – are vacationing in Morocco. Traveling from Casablanca to Marrakesh, they meet Frenchman Louis Bernard. He seems friendly, but Jo is suspicious of his many questions and evasive answers. Bernard offers to take the McKennas to dinner, but cancels when a sinister-looking man knocks at the McKennas' hotel-room door. At a restaurant, the McKennas meet friendly English couple Lucy and Edward Drayton. The McKennas are surprised to see Bernard arrive and sit elsewhere, apparently ignoring them. The next day, attending a Moroccan market with the Draytons, the McKennas see a man chased by police. After being stabbed in the back, the man approaches Ben, who discovers he is Bernard in disguise. The dying Bernard whispers that a foreign statesman will be assassinated in London and that Ben must tell the authorities about "Ambrose Chappell." Lucy offers to return Hank to the hotel while Ben, Jo and Edward go to a police station for questioning about Bernard's death. An officer explains that Bernard was a French Intelligence agent. Ben receives a phone call at the police station; Hank has been kidnapped but will not be harmed if the McKennas say nothing to the police about Bernard's warning. Knowing Hank was left in the care of Lucy, Ben dispatches Edward to locate him. When Ben and Jo return to the hotel, they discover Edward has checked out. Ben realizes the Draytons are the couple Bernard was looking for and are involved in Hank's abduction. When he learns the Draytons are from London, he decides he and Jo should go to London and try to find them through Ambrose Chappell. In London, Scotland Yard's Inspector Buchanan tells Jo and Ben that Bernard was in Morocco to uncover an assassination plot and that they should contact him if they hear from the kidnappers. Leaving friends in their hotel suite, the McKennas unsuccessfully search for a person named Ambrose Chappell. Jo realizes that "Ambrose Chapel" is a place, and the McKennas arrive at the chapel to find Edward Drayton leading a service. Jo leaves the chapel to call the police. After Drayton sends his parishioners home, Ben confronts Drayton and is knocked out and locked inside. Jo arrives with police, but they cannot enter without a warrant. Jo learns that Buchanan has gone to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall, and asks the police to help her get there. Once the police and Jo leave, the Draytons take Hank to a foreign embassy. In the Royal Albert Hall's lobby, Jo sees the man who came to her door in Morocco. When he threatens to harm Hank if she interferes, she realizes he is the assassin sent to kill the foreign prime minister. Ben, having escaped the chapel through its bell tower, follows Jo to the hall, where she points out the assassin. Ben searches the balcony boxes for the killer, who is waiting for a cymbal crash to mask his gunshot. Just before the cymbals crash, Jo screams and the assassin misses his mark, only wounding his target. Ben struggles with the would-be killer, who falls to his death. Concluding that Hank is likely to be at the embassy, but that it is sovereign and exempt from an investigation, the McKennas secure an invitation from the grateful prime minister. The ambassador organized the plot to kill the prime minister, and blames the failed attempt on the Draytons. Knowing the McKennas foiled his plan, he orders the Draytons to prepare to kill Hank. The prime minister asks Jo to sing. She loudly performs "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)", so that Hank will hear her. Lucy is guarding Hank, but is not entirely on board with killing Hank. So she tells him to whistle along with the song. Ben finds Hank. Drayton tries to escape with them at gunpoint, but when Ben hits him, he falls to his death. The McKennas return to their hotel suite. Ben explains to their now-sleeping friends, "I'm sorry we were gone so long, but we had to go over and pick up Hank." Alfred Hitchcock's cameo is a signature occurrence in most of his films. In "The Man Who Knew Too Much" he can be seen 25:42 into the film, in the lower left corner, watching acrobats in the Moroccan market, with his back to the camera, wearing a light gray suit, and putting his hands into his pockets, just before the spy is killed. Alfred Hitchcock first considered an American remake of "The Man Who Knew Too Much" in 1941, but only brought back the idea in 1956 to make a film that would fulfill a contractual demand from Paramount Pictures. The studio agreed it was a picture that could be well-adapted to the new decade. The Royal Albert Hall sequence drew some inspiration from H.M. Bateman's comic "The One-Note Man", which followed the daily life of a musician who plays only one note in a symphony, similar to the cymbal player in the film. Screenwriter John Michael Hayes was hired on the condition that he would not watch the early version nor read its script, with all the plot details coming from a briefing with Hitchcock. Only the opening scenes of the script were ready when filming begun, and Hayes had to send by airmail the subsequent script pages as he finished them. Hitchcock again brought James Stewart to be his protagonist as he was considering the actor a creative partner, and Paramount wanted a sense of continuity between his works. The director requested blonde Doris Day for the main female role as he liked her performance in "Storm Warning", though associate producer Herbert Coleman was reluctant on Day, whom he only knew as a singer. Coleman strongly suggested that the more serious blonde actresses like Lana Turner, Grace Kelly, or Kim Novak be cast in the role, or a suitable brunette, like Jane Russell, Gene Tierney, or Ava Gardner. However, Day was eventually cast in the female lead. Hitchcock's frequent composer Bernard Herrmann wrote the "background" film score; however, the performance of Arthur Benjamin's "Storm Clouds Cantata", conducted by Herrmann, is used as source music for the climax of the film. In addition, Doris Day's character is a well-known, now retired, professional singer. At two points in the film, she sings the Livingston and Evans song "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)", which won the 1956 Best Song Oscar under the alternate title "Whatever Will Be, Will Be (Que Sera, Sera)". The song reached number two on the US pop charts and number one in the UK. Herrmann was given the option of composing a new cantata to be performed during the film's climax. However, he found Arthur Benjamin's cantata "Storm Clouds" from the original 1934 film to be so well suited to the film that he declined, although he did expand the orchestration, and insert several repeats to make the sequence longer. Herrmann can be seen conducting the London Symphony Orchestra with mezzo-soprano Barbara Howitt and chorus during the Royal Albert Hall scenes. The sequence in the Royal Albert Hall runs for 12 minutes without any dialogue from the beginning of "Storm Clouds Cantata" until the climax when Doris Day's character screams. Reviews for the film were generally positive, although some critics expressed a preference for the 1934 original. Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" wrote, "James Stewart tops his job in 'Rear Window' as the man who knows too much, and Doris Day is surprisingly effective as the mother who is frantic about her child ... Even in mammoth VistaVision, the old Hitchcock thriller-stuff has punch." "Variety" wrote that while Hitchcock draws "the footage out a bit long at 119 minutes, he still keeps suspense working at all times and gets strong performances from the two stars and other cast members." "Harrison's Reports" called the film a "highly exciting and entertaining suspense thriller" that "grips the audience from start to finish." Richard L. Coe of "The Washington Post" also liked the film, calling it "a dandy of its popular kind" if "a wee bit too leisurely." John McCarten of "The New Yorker" wrote in a negative review that while the remake was "unquestionably bigger and shinier than the original, it doesn't move along with anything like the agility of its predecessor. There can be no doubt, of course, that Mr. Hitchcock at one time was a master of celluloid suspense, but increasingly of late he has been turning out movies that are too overweight to indulge in the tricks of his salad days." "The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: "Although a quite entertaining thriller, with some characteristically shrewd and caustic Hitchcock touches, it is likely to disappoint devotees of the first film. It lacks the earlier pace and excitement; the peculiarly English charm of the original has been exchanged for a vague VistaVision and Technicolor cosmopolitanism; the dentist episode and the siege climax are unhappily missing." C. A. Lejeune of "The Observer" wrote that the plot had "a tendency to meander" with "jokes that may have looked more humorous in typescript," concluding that the film was "strong" as long as it stuck to the main plot, "But the first 'Man Who Knew Too Much' was stronger in every way." The film was a commercial success. Filmed on a budget of $1.2 million, it grossed $11,333,333 at the domestic box office, earning $4.1 million in US theatrical rentals. The film has a score of 91% at the review-aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes based on 33 reviews. In 2004, American Film Institute included the song "Que Sera, Sera (Whatever Will Be, Will Be)" as #48 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs. "The Man Who Knew Too Much" was kept out of re-release until 1983 when it was purchased by Universal Pictures. The film has been released on home video by Universal Pictures in VHS, DVD and Blu-ray formats. The 2000 DVD includes a special documentary on the making of the film, including interviews with Hitchcock's daughter Patricia Hitchcock and members of the production crew. </doc> <doc id="2345054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345054" title="(15874) 1996 TL66"> (15874) 1996 TL66 , provisional designation , is a trans-Neptunian object of the scattered disc orbiting in the outermost region of the Solar System. The Spitzer Space Telescope has estimated this object to be about in diameter, but 2012 estimates from the Herschel Space Observatory estimate the diameter as closer to . It is not a detached object, since its perihelion (closest approach to the Sun) is under the influence of Neptune. Light-curve-amplitude analysis suggests that it is a spheroid. Tancredi presents "in the form of a decision tree, the set of questions to be considered in order to classify an object as an icy 'dwarf planet'." They find that is very probably a dwarf planet. Mike Brown's website, using a radiometrically determined diameter of , lists it as a possible dwarf planet. Discovered in 1996 by David C. Jewitt et al., it was the first object to be categorized as a scattered-disk object (SDO), although , discovered a year earlier, was later recognised as a scattered-disk object. It was one of the largest known trans-Neptunian objects at the time of the discovery. It came to perihelion in 2001. orbits the Sun with a semi-major axis of 83.9 AU but is currently only 35 AU from the Sun with an apparent magnitude of 21. In 2007, the Spitzer Space Telescope estimated it to have a low albedo with a diameter of about . More-recent measurements in 2012 by the 'TNOs are Cool' research project and reanalysis of older data have resulted in a new estimate of these figures. It is now assumed that it has a higher albedo and the diameter was revised downward to . Light-curve-amplitude analysis shows only small deviations, suggesting is a spheroid with small albedo spots and may be a dwarf planet. </doc> <doc id="2345061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345061" title="Two (The Calling album)"> Two (The Calling album) Two (stylized as II) is the second studio album by American alternative rock band The Calling, released on June 8, 2004 (vocalist Alex Band's 23rd birthday) through RCA Records. The record only features original members Band and guitarist Aaron Kamin along with a variety of session musicians. The album deals with romantic love and relationships. Despite radio-friendly singles and relentless touring by the band, the album was viewed by many as under-promoted by the label and a commercial disappointment compared to the success of their first album. "Our Lives" was a minor hit, but the album was not as successful as their debut album "Camino Palmero" with sales totaling two million worldwide. Johnny Loftus at AllMusic, who gave it one and half out of five stars, said the album is "never adding enough of anything to be memorable or personal," and, that it is "the alternative to having an opinion." "Two" didn't do as well in the charts as their debut album, as it only peaked at #54 on "Billboard" 200. In UK it peaked higher than their first album as it reached #9. World sales of the album reach 1,500,000. All songs written and composed by Alex Band and Aaron Kamin. </doc> <doc id="2345066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345066" title="Zuzana Růžičková"> Zuzana Růžičková Zuzana Růžičková () (14 January 1927 – 27 September 2017) was a Czech harpsichordist. An interpreter of classical and baroque music, Růžičková was the first harpsichordist to record Johann Sebastian Bach's complete works for keyboard, in recordings made in the 1960s and 1970s for Erato Records. As a teenager, Růžičková was imprisoned in the Nazi concentration camps of Terezin and Auschwitz, and then transported to the Bergen-Belsen death camp. She was liberated in April 1945 and returned to Plzeň later that year. Růžičková was the wife of Czech composer Viktor Kalabis. The couple both refused to join the Czechoslovak Communist Party which held power from 1948-89, and faced political persecution as a result. Růžičková performed across the world for 50 years, recorded over 100 records, and taught such prominent musicians as Christopher Hogwood, Ketil Haugsand, Jaroslav Tůma, and Mahan Esfahani. Růžičková was born in Plzen in 1927. Her family owned a department store, and her father had spent four years in Chicago in the 1920s, working at the Ginsburg Department store. Although he had experienced success in the United States, her father returned to Czechoslovakia. Růžičková learned English from her father. Růžičková characterized her childhood as "very sweet" and her parents as "very much in love". According to Růžičková, her family was historically Jewish. Her mother was an Orthodox Jew, but her father was an atheist. Růžičková described herself as not particularly religious. Růžičková began taking piano lessons after suffering from pneumonia aged nine, as a reward for her recovery. Her piano teacher, Marie Provaníková, introduced her to the works of Bach and encouraged her to take up the harpsichord. Impressed by Růžičková's talent, Provaníková wrote to French-Polish musician Wanda Landowska, asking her to accept Růžičková as a pupil at her École de Musique Ancienne in the Paris suburb of Saint-Leu-la-Forêt once she had finished her obligatory schooling at 15. In the end, Růžičková was not able to attend due to the Nazi invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1938, and the implementation of the Nuremberg Laws. In 1941, the Gestapo began organizing transports to move Jews from Plzen to Terezín. The camp's first inmates, known as the "Aufbaukommando", were tasked with converting the fortress and surrounding walled town into a concentration camp, known as Theresienstadt. In Plzen, 13-year-old Růžičková was among Jewish children used by the Gestapo to deliver "invitations" to members of the town's Jewish community, informing them of the date they would be deported to the camp, which Růžičková later described as seeing "life at its very worst. It was a nightmare". In January 1942, three weeks after receiving notice from the Gestapo, Růžičková and her family were forcibly relocated from Plzen to Theresienstadt by train. Upon arrival, Růžičková met Fredy Hirsch, a 25-year-old German Jew, who assumed the responsibility of caring for the camp's children by arranging activities and exercise for them, and reserving two barracks for what were called "Children's Homes". Theresienstadt was originally designated by the Nazis as a "model community" for educated, middle-class Jews from Germany, Czechoslovakia, and Austria. Růžičková, along with other children at the camp, did agricultural work, applying manure to fields and working in vegetable gardens, and was therefore able to sneak food from the gardens to her family. Although forced to work during the day, Růžičková was able to continue her education at Theresienstadt, and could attend concerts and lectures staged by the residents after work. She was able to see opera singer Karel Berman perform, take Latin lessons from a former university professor and harmony lessons from pianist Gideon Klein, and join a children's choir. Růžičková's father and grandfather died in the camp. Her father died in Spring 1943, but Růžičková was able to remain with her mother. In December 1943, the two were sent to Auschwitz after nearly two years in the camp. She was given the option to remain in Theresienstadt, but chose to go with her mother. Before her transport to Auschwitz, Růžičková transcribed a Bach piece onto paper to bring with her to the camp. After three days on the transport, Růžičková and her mother arrived in Auschwitz by night, and those on the transport were immediately placed in barracks, many suffering from hunger and dehydration. The next day, she and the other prisoners were taken to another barracks, stripped, and tattooed. They were then forced to sign a document stating that they had been arrested in Theresienstadt for anti-German activities, and accepted their sentence. Soon after her arrival, Růžičková was reunited with Hirsch, who advised her to lie about her age and say she was sixteen, rather than fifteen. Růžičková later credited Hirsch with her survival, as if she had not lied about her age it is likely that she would have been gassed. Hirsch was organising the children's barracks as he had in Theresienstadt, and Růžičková began working there as a teaching assistant, which kept her from more dangerous jobs and protected her from the many diseases spreading through the camp. In this role, she was exposed to the extreme reality of Nazi racial theory; German doctors, including Fritz Klein, the "Chief Selector" of the camp and colleague of Josef Mengele, whom Růžičková had met in Theresienstadt, visited the children's barracks to take physiological measurements or select children to be removed for experimentation. In May 1944, Růžičková and the other inmates who had traveled with her from Terezin to Auschwitz were scheduled to be gassed. However, their execution was slated for June 6—D-Day. After going through another selection process, Růžičková and her mother were instead sent to Germany. Růžičková was sent to Hamburg, which was being bombed regularly by the British and Americans. Under the auspices of the Neuengamme concentration camp, laborers were assigned to work in sub-camps in the area around Hamburg. Růžičková was put to work protecting and repairing an oil pipeline and maintaining gas tanks, which were subject to daily bombardment. She was able to remain with her mother, but suffered greatly from hunger and dangerous working conditions. However, she was able to earn some extra food from other prisoners by singing for them. In addition to working on the oil pipeline, she worked in the shipyards of Hamburg. In January 1945, Růžičková was moved to the Tiefstack sub-camp, where she worked in a cement factory. As Allied forces advanced, the prisoners were made to dig booby-traps for tanks. At the end of February, Růžičková and the other laborers were transported to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. She later commented that "if ever there was Hell, this was the lowest part of Hell. This was an extermination camp—it was really meant for us to die in." At this point, Bergen-Belsen was disorganized, overcrowded, and stricken with disease. When her mother fell ill, Růžičková was forced to sneak out of the camp to gather turnips in order to survive. In April 1945 Růžičková and the other prisoners who could still walk were ordered to march from the camp to a railway station two miles away. They returned to the camp and woke the next morning to discover the Germans had gone. The guards had abandoned the camp, leaving no food, and had disconnected the water supply. A few German and Hungarian troops remained outside the camp, randomly shooting into the barracks on occasion. On 15 April 1945 British and Canadian soldiers arrived at Bergen-Belsen. Růžičková, along with many prisoners suffering from starvation, became seriously ill after eating the food rations provided by soldiers. At the time of liberation, she weighed only 70 pounds. She was taken to a hospital and treated for ulcers, typhus, malnutrition, and eventually diagnosed with malaria. Since she spoke English and several other languages, Růžičková worked as a translator for the medical staff as she recovered. Although Růžičková's mother remained seriously ill, they were able to return to Czechoslovakia in July 1945, where they found their family home occupied and possessions stolen. One of the first people Růžičková met upon her return to Plzen was her former piano teacher, Marie Provaníková. Růžičková later said that when Provaníková saw the conditions of her hands after four years in concentration camps, she wept. The four years Růžičková had spent in concentration camps had not only hurt her physically and psychologically, but also caused a significant delay in her progress as a musician. To be accepted into a music school, Růžičková had to pass a series of examinations. She started in classes with children to regain her fundamental skills, and managed to advance every few months, from a third grade level to the required eight grade level. Růžičková began studying piano again with Bohdan Gsölhofer in Plzeň. In 1947, Růžičková was accepted into the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague where her professors included pianists Albín Šíma, František Rauch and harpsichordist Oldřich Kredba. Despite her rapid improvement, one of her professors discouraged her from being a professional musician, but she continued her studies, specializing in the harpsichord and early music. She completed a BA and went on to complete an MA. After the 1948 coup by the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (KSČ), Růžičková was pressured to join the Communist Youth Movement, but refused. As a student in Prague, Růžičková was called in front of a committee when she was discovered reading the works of Sigmund Freud, whose literature had been banned. In 1950, Růžičková secured a position at the Academy, teaching composers to play the piano. One of her students was her future husband, Czech composer Viktor Kalabis. She gave her first harpsichord recital in 1951. As a faculty member at the Academy of Performing Arts, Růžičková was subject to performance reviews that evaluated her both professionally and politically. As a Jew, Růžičková was still vulnerable to persecution under the Communist government. In the context of high-profile anti-Semitic political events such as the Slánský show trials of 1952, Růžičková tried to persuade Viktor Kalabis not to marry her, but they married in December 1952. In 1956 Růžičková won the ARD International Music Competition in Munich, and was offered a scholarship from jury member to continue her harpsichord studies in Paris. Kalabis was also invited to study in Paris, but the couple was not allowed to travel abroad together in case they defected. Kalabis went to Paris, but Růžičková remained in Czechoslovakia. Although she was unable to study in Paris, her win at the International Music Competition led to further invitations to perform across Europe. Since she was highly paid for these performances, the government allowed her to travel, but confiscated much of the foreign currency that she earned. She performed at Bach festivals in various European cities, including Leipzig, Stuttgart, Heidelberg, Ansbach, Frankfurt, Schaffhausen, and Bath. Although her success made her valuable to the state, as a non-party member Růžičková remained under suspicion from the Communist government, and was not allowed to teach music to Czech students. Furthermore, her participation in the Czech Philharmonic was restricted due to her Jewish heritage. The pressures on Růžičková were eased slightly following the death of Joseph Stalin and the relaxation of his policies. She was able to travel more freely, and occasionally with her husband. However, Růžičková did not try to defect, as she and Kalabis still had family members living in Czechoslovakia. For the first time, Růžičková was able to record music for international distribution, increasing her fame and strengthening her association with the music of Bach. This coincided with the revival of baroque music in Western Europe. In 1962, she co-founded the Prague Chamber Soloists with conductor Václav Neumann, and in 1963 she formed a successful duo with violinist Josef Suk. Other chamber music partners included János Starker, Pierre Fournier, Jean-Pierre Rampal, Aurèle Nicolet and Maxence Larrieu. She also worked with conductors including Serge Baudo, Paul Sacher, Herbert Blomstedt, Libor Pešek, Neville Marriner and Helmuth Rilling. Her recorded repertoire is extensive, including works from the English virginalists through to modern composers such as Bohuslav Martinů, Francis Poulenc, Manuel de Falla and Frank Martin. The music of Bach, however, always remained central to her career, and in 1965 Růžičková was contracted by the French label Erato Records to record the complete keyboard works of Bach. She completed the task in 1975, becoming the first person to record them in their entirety. Following the Prague Spring of 1968, the Czech government was under pressure to appear stable and progressive. Růžičková was given several state-sponsored rewards, which served as propaganda for the regime. Růžičková was unable to refuse these rewards and was often forced to accept them with great ceremony. She was a soloist with the Czech Philharmonic from 1979-90. Following the Velvet Revolution of 17 November 1989, Růžičková participated in the protests against the government, going on strike from the Academy of Music and the Czech Philharmonic. When the Communist regime was overthrown in December, Růžičková received the title of "Professor", which she had not been granted despite teaching at the Academy since 1951, and was able to serve as a committee member for music competitions. She also established a harpsichord class at the Music Academy in Bratislava, where she had been guest professor from 1978-82. For twenty-five years she gave master classes in Zürich, as well as other classes in Stuttgart, Kraków, Budapest, Riga, and Tokyo. She stopped performing publicly in 2004 after Kalabis fell ill. Following Kalabis' death in 2006, Růžičková became more involved in various musical organizations and committees dedicated to the interpretation and preservation of early music, and to the discovery of young musicians. She was the president of the Viktor Kalabis & Zuzana Růžičková Foundation, vice-president of the Prague Spring International Music Festival Committee, and a member of the advisory boards of the Czech Chamber Music Society and the Concertino Praga International Competition. She was a supporter of the Hans Krása Initiative, dedicated to the life and music of composer and fellow Theresienstadt prisoner Hans Krása, who was murdered in the Holocaust. She was also active in the Terezín Initiative, through which she was able to fund a memorial for Fredy Hirsch. Růžičková was married to Viktor Kalabis for 54 years, and inspired him to compose several major works for harpsichord: Six Two-Part Canonic Inventions (1962), Aquarelles (1979), Preludio, Aria e Toccata (1992), and Concerto for Harpsichord and Strings (1975). Contemporary composers have also dedicated works to her, including Jan Rychlík's "Hommagi clavicembalistici" (1964), and she premiered works by Emil Hlobil, Hans-Georg Görner and Elizabeth Maconchy. Růžičková was also an influential teacher. Among her students were the late British harpsichordist and conductor Christopher Hogwood and the Iranian-American harpsichordist Mahan Esfahani. In 2013 Supraphon released new CDs of Růžičková's work, and British harpsichordist Pamela Nash wrote about her in the June 2013 edition of the British "Sounding Board" magazine:Acclaimed as 'The first lady of the harpsichord,' and recognized by many as Landowska's successor, her career has left the harpsichord world a legacy, documented by over 100 recordings, spanning half a century... this timely commemoration serves as a timely reminder of Ruzickova's invaluable role in promoting the harpsichord in the 20th century. She made enormous strides to establish the instrument as a solo and ensemble concert instrument, and there can be no doubt that the status of the harpsichord today owes much to her pioneering efforts. Embarking on a career when early harpsichord repertoire was barely acknowledged, or else relegated to the piano, she resolved to re-connect Baroque keyboard music to the instrument for which it was written; in her own words 'to rid the harpsichord of its museum nature and make it a living instrument.'" In October 2016, her entire recordings of all of J.S Bach's keyboard works in remastered form were released by Warner Records/Erato. Supraphon has reissued several CDs of collections of Ruzickova's earlier recordings. Růžičková appeared in a 2017 documentary film about her life and music, "Zuzana: Music is Life", directed by Peter Getzels and Harriet Gordon Getzels. Until her death Růžičková resided in Prague. In December 2016, a month before her 90th birthday, she revealed she had been diagnosed with cancer and had undergone chemotherapy. </doc> <doc id="2345070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345070" title="Liminality"> Liminality In anthropology, liminality (from the Latin word "līmen", meaning "a threshold") is the quality of ambiguity or disorientation that occurs in the middle stage of rites, when participants no longer hold their preritual status but have not yet begun the transition to the status they will hold when the rite is complete. During a rite's liminal stage, participants "stand at the threshold" between their previous way of structuring their identity, time, or community, and a new way, which completing the rite establishes. The concept of liminality was first developed in the early twentieth century by folklorist Arnold van Gennep and later taken up by Victor Turner. More recently, usage of the term has broadened to describe political and cultural change as well as rites. During liminal periods of all kinds, social hierarchies may be reversed or temporarily dissolved, continuity of tradition may become uncertain, and future outcomes once taken for granted may be thrown into doubt. The dissolution of order during liminality creates a fluid, malleable situation that enables new institutions and customs to become established. The term has also passed into popular usage, where it is applied much more broadly, undermining its significance to some extent. Van Gennep, who coined the term liminality, published in 1909 his 'Rites de Passage', a work that explores and develops the concept of liminality in the context of rites in small-scale societies. Van Gennep began his book by identifying the various categories of rites. He distinguished between those that result in a change of status for an individual or social group, and those that signify transitions in the passage of time. In doing so, he placed a particular emphasis on rites of passage, and claimed that "such rituals marking, helping, or celebrating individual or collective passages through the cycle of life or of nature exist in every culture, and share a specific three-fold sequential structure". This three-fold structure, as established by van Gennep, is made up of the following components: Turner confirmed his nomenclature for 'the