Surrounding Brahmapuri are 8 cities - the one of Lord Indra and of seven other "Devatas". Markandeya Purana and Brahmanda Purana divide Jambudvipa into four vast regions shaped like four petals of a lotus with Mount Meru being located at the center like a pericarp. The city of "Brahmapuri" is said to be enclosed by a river, known as "Akash Ganga". "Akash Ganga" is said to issue forth from the foot of Lord Vishnu and after washing the lunar region falls "through the skies" and after encircling the Brahmapuri "splits up into four mighty streams", which are said to flow in four opposite directions from the landscape of Mount Meru and irrigate the vast lands of Jambudvipa. The common names of the dvīpas, having their varṣas (9 for Jambu-dvīpa, 7 for the other dvīpas) with a mountain and a river in each varṣa, is given in several Purāṇas . There is a distinct set of names provides, however, in other Purāṇas . The most detailed geography is that described in the "Vāyu Purāṇa" . The Buddhist cosmology divides the (circle of the earth) into three separate levels: Kāmadhātu (Desire realm), Rūpadhātu (Form realm), and Ārūpyadhātu (Formless realm). In the Kāmadhātu is located Mount Sumeru which is said to be surrounded by four island-continents. "The southernmost island is called Jambudvīpa". The other three continents of Buddhist accounts around Sumeru are not accessible to humans from Jambudvīpa. Jambudvīpa is shaped like a triangle with a blunted point facing south, somewhat like the Indian subcontinent. In its center is a gigantic Jambu tree from which the continent takes its name, meaning "Jambu Island". Jambudipa, one of the four Mahādīpas，or great continents，which are included in the Cakkavāla and are ruled by a Cakkavatti．They are grouped round MountSineru．In Jambudīpa is Himavā with its eighty-four thousand peaks，its lakes，mountain ranges，etc.． This continent derives its name from the Jambu-tree （also called Naga） which grows there，its trunk fifteen yojanas in girth，its outspreading branches fifty yojanas in length，its shade one hundred yojanas in extent and its height one hundred yojanas （Vin．i．30； SNA．ii．443； Vsm．i．205f； Sp．i．119，etc.．）．On account of this tree，Jambudīpa is also known as Jambusanda （SN．vs．552； SNA．i．121）．The continent is ten thousand yojanas in extent； of these ten thousand，four thousand are covered by the ocean，three thousand by the Himālaya mountains，while three thousand are inhabited by men （SNA．ii．437； UdA．300）． Jambudvīpa is the region where the humans live and is the only place where a being may become enlightened by being born as a human being. It is in Jambudvīpa that one may receive the gift of Dharma and come to understand the Four Noble Truths, the Noble Eightfold Path and ultimately realize the liberation from the cycle of life and death. Another reference is from the Buddhist text Mahavamsa, where the emperor Ashoka's son Mahinda introduces himself to the Sri Lankan king Devanampiyatissa as from Jambudvipa, referring to what is now the Indian subcontinent. According to Jain cosmology, Jambūdvīpa is at the centre of Madhyaloka, or the middle part of the universe, where the humans reside. "Jambūdvīpaprajñapti" or the treatise on the island of Roseapple tree contains a description of Jambūdvīpa and life biographies of and King Bharata. "Trilokasāra" (Essence of the three worlds), "Trilokaprajñapti" (Treatise on the three worlds), "Trilokadipikā" (Illumination of the three worlds) and (Summary of Jain geography) are the other texts that provide the details of Jambūdvīpa and Jain cosmology. Madhyaloka consists of many continent-islands surrounded by oceans, first eight whose names are: Mount Meru is at the centre of the world surrounded by Jambūdvīpa, in form of a circle forming a diameter of 100,000 yojanas. Jambūdvīpa continent has 6 mountains, dividing the continent into 9 zones (Ksetra). The names of these zones are: Jambudweep Jain tirtha in Hastinapur, constructed under supervision of Gyanmati Mataji, is a depiction of "Jambudvipa" as per Jain cosmology. </doc> <doc id="2338653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338653" title="Vengurla"> Vengurla Vengurla is a town in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra, India just north of Goa. It is surrounded by a semicircular range of hills with lush green foliage mainly of cashew, mango, coconut, and different kinds of berry trees. The hills of Dabholi, Tulas, and Mochemad respectively lie in the north, the east, and the south of Vengurla, while the Arabian Sea is located on its west. The town has a rich cultural heritage. Vengurla Taluka has some temples including those of Shri Sateri, Shri Rameshwar, Shri Navadurga at Kanyale Redi, Shri Mauli at Redi and Shiroda, Shri Vetoba at Aaravali, Shri Ganesh at Redi and Shri Ravalnath. Vengurla, being a safe and natural port, commercial centre was initially established during 1665 by Dutch traders and subsequently by British rulers. Signs of Dutch - British rulers are present in the city : Dutch Wakhar (Godown), St. Lukes Hospital, Crowferd Market etc. Planned city having road & drainage system, market, commercial and office buildings, Municipal Council, Hospitals, Parks etc. was developed by British rulers. The 130-year-old Vengurla Municipal Council is one of the oldest Municipal Council in Maharashtra State. Vengurla is located at . It has an average elevation of .Vengurla is also known as Vingoria. Areas included are Dabholi, Khanoli, Vetore, Tendoli, Wayangani, Surangpani. Under the Köppen climate classification, Vengurla features a tropical monsoon climate. The highest temperature in summer reaches 42°C while in winter, temperature drops up to 10°C. The annual precipitation is . According to India's 2001 census, Vengurla had a population of 12,471 in 2001. Males and females constituted 49% and 51%, respectively, of the population. 81% of Vengurla's population was literate (86% of males and 76% of females) compared to 59.5% of India's total population. 10% of the town's population was under 6 years of age at the time of the census. Malvani is spoken as a local language (Malvani Konkani). Marathi, being the state language, is also understood and implemented. </doc> <doc id="2338656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338656" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis"> Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the United States, covers the 9th District of the Federal Reserve, which is made up of Minnesota, Montana, North and South Dakota, northwestern Wisconsin, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Although its geographical territory is the third largest of the 12 Federal Reserve banks, it serves the smallest population base of the system. It has one branch, which is in Helena, Montana. The bank has a staff of over 1000 people. Neel Kashkari became the bank's president on January 1, 2016; succeeding Narayana Kocherlakota. The Minneapolis Fed has strong ties to the economics department at the University of Minnesota. Nobel laureate economist Edward Prescott was affiliated with both institutions for a long time. The Bank publishes "The Region", a magazine featuring articles about economic policy and interviews with famous economists. Three buildings have served as headquarters for the district, all within a few blocks of each other. All three buildings are standing as of 2017. The first building for the Minneapolis Federal Reserve bank is located at 510 Marquette Avenue, at the corner of Marquette Avenue and 5th Street South in Minneapolis, right next to the Nicollet Mall station of the METRO Blue and Green light rail lines, and across from the Soo Line Building. It was designed by Cass Gilbert, architect of the Minnesota State Capitol building. It was completed in 1915. The building was unusual in that there were no windows on the lower walls close to the street—from the start, large bricks filled in the spaces where windows would be expected. Only up at the top was anyone able to look out from the building. The structure only became more strange in the 1950s, when a small skyscraper eight stories tall was added on top. The modern superstructure clashed with the granite Roman columns on the building's façade. After the Fed moved to its second building in 1973, the new owner, a partnership of New York developers, Peter V. Tishman and Jay Marc Schwamm, had the lower portion covered with something that was a better match to the skyscraper "hat" on top. The , windowless, lower floors were stripped of the granite and replaced with a "bird cage" limestone facade (designed by Minneapolis architect Robert Cerny) and a totally artificially sustained natural garden of ficus trees and pools of water (designed by San Francisco landscape architectural firm of Lawrence Halprin). At the time it was the largest totally artificially sustained garden within an office building in the United States; it had been modeled after the Ford Foundation Building in New York City, which has a larger garden, but also one that relies to some extent on outside natural light. There was also the need to remove the interior, independently supported five-story vault so that the building could be connected to the adjacent F&M Bank Building, and also become part of the second floor, Minneapolis Skyway System. After a three-year development the National City Bank of Minneapolis (now part of M&I Bank) moved into the building as its principal tenant. After the renovation, the building received the Minneapolis Committee on the Urban Environment award for contributed the most to Minneapolis's urban environment. In 2013, the 510 Marquette building was sold for $6.69 million. At the time it was reported to have 198,552 square feet. It was purchased by Marquette Partners LLC, an affiliate of Minneapolis-based Swervo Development. The seller was OP2 Marquette, an affiliate of Opportunity Advisors of Eden Prairie, Minnesota. Opportunity Advisors had purchased the building in May 2012 for somewhere around $5-$6 million, about one-fourth of its 1998 selling price. The Federal Reserve moved two blocks away on Marquette Avenue to a building now known as Marquette Plaza, which is constructed much like a suspension bridge with cables strung between pillars at the ends carrying the load. It is noted as the first (and perhaps only) building ever made to use catenary support. Design problems, along with asbestos contamination, led the Federal Reserve to decide to move into a new complex and sell the old structure. The new owner rehabilitated the building and added on, and the building temporarily housed the central Minneapolis Public Library while its new building was under construction. The building was designed to accommodate another cable to complete the circle, which was never built. Designed by architecture firm HOK, a complex along the Mississippi River now serves as home to the Minneapolis Fed, which moved there in 1997. The address was set as 90 Hennepin Avenue to match the 9th district designation. It is located on the site of the former Minneapolis Great Northern Depot adjacent to the Hennepin Avenue Bridge and the Pacific sawmill once owned by T. B. Walker and George A. Camp. The following people are on the board of directors . Class A directors are elected by member banks to represent member banks. Class B directors are elected by member banks to represent the public. Class C directors are appointed by the Board of Governors to represent the public. Their terms expire on December 31. </doc> <doc id="2338657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338657" title="High-Level Shading Language"> High-Level Shading Language The High-Level Shader Language or High-Level Shading Language (HLSL) is a proprietary shading language developed by Microsoft for the Direct3D 9 API to augment the shader assembly language, and went on to become the required shading language for the unified shader model of Direct3D 10 and higher. HLSL is analogous to the GLSL shading language used with the OpenGL standard. It is very similar to the Nvidia Cg shading language, as it was developed alongside it. HLSL shaders can enable profound speed and detail increases as well as many special effects in both 2d and 3d computer graphics. HLSL programs come in five forms: pixel shaders (fragment in GLSL), vertex shaders, geometry shaders, compute shaders and tessellation shaders (Hull and Domain shaders). A vertex shader is executed for each vertex that is submitted by the application, and is primarily responsible for transforming the vertex from object space to view space, generating texture coordinates, and calculating lighting coefficients such as the vertex's tangent, binormal and normal vectors. When a group of vertices (normally 3, to form a triangle) come through the vertex shader, their output position is interpolated to form pixels within its area; this process is known as rasterisation. Each of these pixels comes through the pixel shader, whereby the resultant screen colour is calculated. Optionally, an application using a Direct3D 10/11/12 interface and Direct3D 10/11/12 hardware may also specify a geometry shader. This shader takes as its input some vertices of a primitive (triangle/line/point) and uses this data to generate/degenerate (or tessellate) additional primitives or to change the type of primitives, which are each then sent to the rasterizer. D3D11.3 and D3D12 introduced Shader Model 5.1 and later 6.0. GPUs listed are the hardware that first supported the given specifications. Manufacturers generally support all lower shader models through drivers. Note that games may claim to require a certain DirectX version, but don't necessarily require a GPU confirming to the full specification of that version, as developers can use a higher DirectX API version to target lower-Direct3D-spec hardware; for instance DirectX 9 exposes features of DirectX7-level hardware that DirectX7 did not, targeting their fixed-function T&L pipeline. "32 + 64" for "Executed Instructions" means "32 texture instructions and 64 arithmetic instructions." </doc> <doc id="2338662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338662" title="Riverside Plaza"> Riverside Plaza Riverside Plaza is a modernist and brutalist apartment complex designed by Ralph Rapson that opened in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1973. Situated on the edge of downtown Minneapolis in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood, and next to both the University of Minnesota's West Bank and Augsburg University, the site contains the 39-story McKnight Building, the tallest structure outside of the city's central business district. Initially known as Cedar Square West, exterior shots of the complex were featured on television as the residence of Mary Richards in sixth and seventh seasons of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show". Riverside Plaza is composed of six buildings and has 1,303 residential units, making it the main feature of the city's Cedar-Riverside neighborhood. Each building has a different height, intended to reflect the diversity of its population. Rapson was inspired by the time he spent in European cities, where people of different ages and levels of wealth coexisted in close quarters. The area was developed with support from the U.S. federal government's New Town-In Town program, and was originally planned to be part of a utopian design that would have seen 12,500 units spread across four neighborhoods housing a total of 30,000 people. Cedar Square West was the first project in the country to receive Title VII funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), and it is the larger of only two New Towns-In Town that ultimately qualified for that program. The imposing concrete structures use multi-colored panels (attempting to emulate Le Corbusier's Unité d'Habitation design), which strongly dates the period of construction. Interstate 94 and I-35W both pass nearby, giving good highway transportation options for occupants, but the corridors also act as barriers to pedestrians. Despite these drawbacks, the complex has been successful in maintaining a high occupancy rate, rarely dipping below 90% in the complex's nearly 40-year life. The concept, publicly introduced in 1966, had originally been called Cedar Village. It came from a collaboration between Gloria Segal, her husband Martin, and University of Minnesota professor Keith Heller — who controlled a majority of the property east of Cedar Avenue — and the B. W. and Leo Harris Company, investors west of Cedar. The city was also involved after the city council directed its planning commission to prepare a redevelopment plan for the area in 1965. Gloria Segal recalled the sequence of events that led to Cedar-Riverside being the nation‟s first New Town-In Town: “In February of 1970 we proposed a first stage project to the Minneapolis Housing and Redevelopment Authority. Preliminary approval was given in April of 1970. That spring a number of people began urging us to consider a New Communities loan guarantee application. A preliminary application was submitted in June and accepted in August of 1970. Final application documents were then prepared and a letter of commitment for a $24,000,000 guarantee was received June 28, 1971.” The project was to include housing for a range of incomes: 117 public housing units, 552 units subsidized by the FHA 236 program, 408 units targeted at middle-income tenants, and 223 “semiluxury” units. The complex was thus initially a mixed-housing initiative earmarked for both high-income and low-income residents, including renters and leasers. However, the buildings' new owners converted the structures into subsidized housing to benefit from a 10% state subsidy in addition to regular rental revenue. According to Rapson, who designed the towers and still lived and worked in the neighborhood, they also did not take proper care of the buildings, which led to nicknames such as the "Rainbow Sky Ghetto", "Ghetto in the Sky", and the "Crack Stacks". A string of homicides in the early 1990s also contributed to a negative image. According to local police, however, neighborhood crime has fallen over the years following the deployment of a few additional patrol officers. The Plaza has also evolved into a lively haven for new immigrant families, particularly from Vietnam and Northeast Africa. The apartment complex's nickname has thus changed to "Little Mogadishu", reflecting its modern makeup. In 1993, Cedar-Riverside Community School opened around the Plaza. The school meets the needs of the Plaza's residents, including its new immigrant populations. It operates in former commercial spaces near McKnight Tower and Chase House. As of 2011, Riverside Plaza has over 4,500 tenants living in 1,303 units, split equally between market-rate and subsidized apartments. The average duration of occupancy is three to four years, a relatively quick turnover owing to the upward mobility of the newly arrived tenants, who are using the apartments as a temporary housing solution while they get on their feet. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 28, 2010. The statement of significance cites its importance as a well-preserved example of urban redevelopment spurred by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the first to receive Title VII funding. It is also locally significant as one of the most prominent examples of Ralph Rapson's work. In October 2016, residents of the complex declined permission to HBO to film their upcoming series "Mogadishu, Minnesota" in their building. In 2011, a major renovation of the then almost 40-year-old complex began, prompted by major problems with their mechanical, plumbing, and electrical systems. The renovation was completed in two years on a budget of $132 million, most of which came from private sources. The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, which viewed the complex as an example of effective multi-family public housing, backed $50 million in loans for the project. </doc> <doc id="2338663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338663" title="Topi, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa"> Topi, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Topi () is a town in the eastern part of the Swabi District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Topi is administratively subdivided into two Union councils: Topi East and Topi West. Tarbela Dam is located east of Topi. Topi is located in the east of Swabi District of the Khyber Pukhtoonkwa Province of Pakistan. Topi is located to the west of the Tarbela Dam, the world's largest earth filled dam. Tarbela Dam is the largest hydroelectric generation project in Pakistan, producing 3,495 megawatts of electricity accounting for 40 percent of the Water and Power Development Authority's total power output as of 1980. The town of Topi is home of the Ghulam Ishaq Khan Institute of Engineering Sciences and Technology (GIKI), named after Ghulam Ishaq Khan, a former President of Pakistan who had served at Topi during his illustrious career as a civil servant. </doc> <doc id="2338670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338670" title="Yoshi Sodeoka"> Yoshi Sodeoka Yoshi Sodeoka is a Japan born artist and musician who has been producing art projects since the early 1990s. 1989 he moved to New York City to study art and design at the Pratt Institute. His digital artwork has been featured on numerous DVDs, film festivals, art galleries, and in exhibitions at the Whitney Museum of American Art, Deitch Projects, Turbulence.org, Creative Time's Holiday Light Shows at the Grand Central Terminal and OFFF Festival in Spain. In addition, Sodeoka lectured widely on the topic of digital art and design and has juried design awards for Webby Award, the Art Director's Club, the One Club, the Society of Publication Designers and the .MOV Festival held by Shift Japan. He was a contributing writer for Artbyte magazine in which he wrote a bi-monthly column about underground digital culture. Prior to that, he was the founding art director of Word Magazine, one of the Web's oldest and most influential ezines, which launched in 1995. Sodeoka's work is in the permanent collections of New York's Museum of the Moving Image as well as the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. </doc> <doc id="2338671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338671" title="Warrior of Love Rainbowman"> Warrior of Love Rainbowman The series focuses on pro wrestler Takeshi Yamato, a young man who, after training in India with the yogi sage Devadatta, gains the ability to transform into a superhero called Rainbowman who possesses seven different superhero forms called "Dashes", with the seven Dashes representing yin and yang (the Moon and the Sun) and the five elements (wu xing) of ancient Chinese philosophy. In each Dash form, (with Dash 1 representing the Moon (yellow), Dash 2 representing fire (red), Dash 3 representing water (blue), Dash 4 representing wood (green), Dash 5 representing metal (gold), Dash 6 representing earth (brown) and Dash 7 representing the Sun (white)), Rainbowman is endowed with a color-coded costume and powers related to that element. Later in the series he gains the ability to create a fusion state between Dash 7 and any two other forms with all their related powers. Rainbowman opposes the "Die Die Gang," a group representing hostile foreign powers bent on revenge against Japan for acts carried out in World War II. They make use of elite mercenaries, cyborgs, wizards and supernatural monsters in pursuit of their plans. In 1982, a 22-episode anime remake loosely based on the series was produced. Instead of a superhero as in the live-action series, the anime featured a young man who commands seven giant robots which can merge with a larger giant robot. Yuke Rainbowman (行けレインボーマン, Go Rainbowman) Yamato Takeshi no uta (ヤマトタケシの歌, Theme of Yamato Takeshi, ep.1 - ep.13) Aitsu no namae wa Rainbowman (あいつの名前はレインボーマン, That Man's Name is Rainbowman, ep.14 - ep.52) </doc> <doc id="2338678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338678" title="A Kind of Magic (song)"> A Kind of Magic (song) "A Kind of Magic" is the title track of the 1986 album of the same name by the British rock band Queen. It was written by the band's drummer, Roger Taylor, for the film "Highlander". The single reached number three in the UK Singles Chart, top ten in a number of European countries, and #42 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song is the opening track on the band's compilation albums, "Greatest Hits II", and "Classic Queen". The phrase "a kind of magic" is used in "Highlander" by Connor MacLeod (Christopher Lambert) as a description of his immortality. Roger Taylor liked the phrase so much that he used it as inspiration for the song. There are references to the film in the lyrics: "one prize, one goal"; "no mortal man"; and "there can be only one". The single's cover art features an image of Clancy Brown in character as the film's villain, The Kurgan. Taylor wrote the melody and chords for the version that appeared in the film, which Brian May described as "quite lugubrious and heavy". Freddie Mercury composed a new bass line, added instrumental breaks, and changed the song's order to make it more chart friendly. Mercury and David Richards produced this new version. The song was still credited only to Taylor. Whilst Taylor's version is at the end of the film, Mercury's version appears on the album. Taylor's version of "A Kind of Magic" did not see official release until it was included on the extra EP for the 2011 special edition of the album. The song was a live favourite on The Magic Tour of the same year, which proved to be Queen's last tour before the death of Freddie Mercury. Taylor often included the song in solo set lists, and those with his band The Cross. On the Rock the Cosmos Tour of Europe, Taylor took lead vocals for the song at some concerts. The music video for this song was directed by Russell Mulcahy, director of "Highlander". Notable is that Brian May did not use his famous Red Special guitar in the music video, but instead a 1984 copy. In the video, Mercury is dressed as a magician type figure. He enters an abandoned theatre (The Playhouse Theatre in London) where May, Taylor and John Deacon (all dressed as stereotypical tramps) are asleep until awakened by Mercury's entrance. Mercury transforms the hobos into the Queen members, dressed regularly with their instruments, then back to hobos again as he leaves. Throughout the video, cartoon images dance to the beat of the song which were produced by The Walt Disney Company. As May later remembered, the theater was old and derelict, and lacking central heating, so the band were quite cold during the March filming. The single was certified platinum in Brazil for more than 100,000 digital downloads of the single. On Last.fm the song has more than 48,000 hits and is the sixteenth most listened Queen song ever. Queen's compilations "The Platinum Collection", "Classic Queen", and "Greatest Hits II" all make an unsubstantiated claim that the song reached #1 in 35 countries around the world, but it reached number one in Spain in 1986, the only country where it topped the charts. Musical theatre actress Elaine Paige recorded the song on her album of Queen covers "The Queen Album" in 1988. </doc> <doc id="2338682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338682" title="The Algonquin Resort St. Andrews By-The-Sea"> The Algonquin Resort St. Andrews By-The-Sea The Algonquin Resort is a Canadian coastal resort hotel in the Tudor Revival style, in St. Andrews, New Brunswick. An architectural icon of New Brunswick, the hotel is the most famous symbol of St. Andrews and one of the most photographed buildings in the province. The original Algonquin hotel was a massive wooden Shingle Style building built in 1889 by the St. Andrews Land Company, established in 1883 by American businessmen. Designed by a Boston architecture firm, it contained 80 guest rooms and opened in June of that year. By the late 19th century, the residents of St. Andrews and businessmen from Montreal and New England helped to develop the summer tourism that the hotel was creating among residents of humid inland cities of North America. The entire hotel, except for two later wings built in 1908 and 1912, succumbed to a 1914 fire and was destroyed. It was replaced on its same footprint by the present four-story Tudor Revival concrete replacement with a faux half-timbered façade and red slate roof. The architects of the 1914 hotel (which is essentially what is considered the present-day Algonquin) were Barott, Blackadder & Webster of Montreal. Large additional wings were added in the early 1990s and in the early 2010s. One of the original Algonquin's best known attractions was its saltwater baths. Saltwater was pumped from Passamaquoddy Bay to the hotel atop the hill overlooking St. Andrews and held in water tanks in the hotel attic. Guests used bathtubs designed with four taps, two for fresh water and two for saltwater. In addition to the saltwater baths, the air offered by the Bay of Fundy, along with the local "Samson Spring" were believed to offer healing properties to guests. Advertising proclaiming "No hay fever here" and "A general air of restfulness" attracted many wealthy tourists, some of whom established elaborate summer "cottages" in the town of St. Andrews and its surrounding countryside. The New Brunswick Railway operated the rail line serving St. Andrews. One of the principal private shareholders of the NBR was also the first president of the CPR (1881–1888), George Stephen. Stephen started the process which would see CPR purchase the NBR, as well as build a line across Maine from southern Quebec to connect with the rail network - what would be known as the International Railway of Maine. In 1888, Stephen retired and was replaced by William Cornelius Van Horne, who on July 1, 1890, oversaw the Canadian Pacific Railway's lease of the NBR for 990 years. That summer, Van Horne also visited St. Andrews, staying in its resort hotel. Van Horne, a Montreal resident, purchased nearby Minister's Island and soon began construction of his "Covenhoven" estate, which still stands today. Van Horne retired from the presidency in 1899, opting to spend more time at his Covenhoven estate. In 1903, the Canadian Pacific Railway Company purchased The Algonquin and built golf courses as well as bringing the hotel into its hotel chain. A 1902 CPR promotional brochure describes The Algonquin as follows: ""an incomparable resting-place and retreat from the cares of business and the heat and dust and bustle of the city"" Under CPR ownership, the resort operated with numerous guests during the 20th century. As the majority of guests arrived at St. Andrews by passenger train, CPR built a large transfer station at the junction between the St. Andrews line and the Saint John-Montreal main line in McAdam. This station also included a large 30-room hotel on its second floor, largely built to service the patrons of the St. Andrews resort. In 1970, CPR sold The Algonquin Resort to local interests. It was then leased by the Government of New Brunswick in 1973. The property, along with adjacent golf courses and private beach at Katy's Cove was purchased entirely by the provincial government in 1984. Throughout this period of change in ownership of the property, the resort was continuously contracted to operate under and be marketed by Canadian Pacific Hotels and Resorts. In 1999, CPR purchased Fairmont Hotels and Resorts. In 2001, Canadian Pacific Hotels and Resorts were consolidated under the Fairmont name. Later that year in October 2001, Canadian Pacific Limited spun off its subsidiaries, including Fairmont Hotels and Resorts into individually controlled companies. The hotel's guests have included heads of state and royalty, including Presidents of the United States Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and Lyndon B. Johnson, HRH Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, as well as Sir John A. Macdonald and virtually every Prime Minister of Canada since its Confederation. In late 2010, the Fairmont chain asked the government of New Brunswick for a set amount of money in order to refit the property on a large scale. After deliberation, the province took the decision in early 2011 that they would seek different management for the property other than the Fairmont chain. From 31 Dec 2011 the Fairmont web site stated that the Fairmont would no longer be managing the property, and that all Fairmont club benefits for guests would cease after that date. The hotel was sold in 2012 to New Castle Hotels and Resorts and Southwest Properties, which formed the Charlotte County Hospitality Partnership, and in 2012 underwent renovation and restoration. In 2013 the resort was reopened as a property of Marriott's Autograph Collection, making it the first Canadian hotel in the Marriott chain. </doc> <doc id="2338685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338685" title="Telegraph Herald"> Telegraph Herald The Telegraph Herald, locally referred to as the TH, is a daily newspaper published in Dubuque, Iowa, for the population of Dubuque and surrounding areas in Iowa, Illinois, and Wisconsin. The newspaper is the result of a 1901 merger of the "Dubuque Herald" and the "Dubuque Telegraph". A descendant of the "Dubuque Visitor" (founded in 1836), the "Dubuque Herald"s earliest editor was Dennis Mahony. The "Telegraph" was founded in 1870, and before merging with the "Herald" had absorbed eight local publications. John S. Murphy was the editor and publisher of the "Telegraph" at the time of its merger until his death in March 1902. He was a prominent Democratic leader, and editorialized at the time of the merger that "politically and economically the policy of the "Telegraph-Herald" will be a continuation of that of the "Telegraph"." His son and successor as editor from 1902 to 1914, Richard Louis Murphy, was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1932. The paper is published by Woodward Communications, which is also based in Dubuque. The current editor of the paper is Amy Gilligan, and the current publisher is Steve Fisher. </doc> <doc id="2338686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338686" title="Play Around the Christmas Tree"> Play Around the Christmas Tree Play Around the Christmas Tree is the fourth album and the first Christmas album by Play. It was the last studio album by Play before there 2005 break-up until they got back together in 2009. however, they broke up a second time in 2011. It was the last album with the second line-up. </doc> <doc id="2338687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338687" title="Elgin Street, Hong Kong"> Elgin Street, Hong Kong Elgin Street is located in Central, Hong Kong. It was named after James Bruce, 8th Earl of Elgin. One of the earliest streets in Hong Kong, it was also known as "Mud Street" (泥街) by the locals, as the street formerly became very muddy on rainy days. The street begins at a low elevation at Hollywood Road and ends high at Caine Road. The street is divided into two sections by the junction with Peel Street and Staunton Street. The upper section is less steep than the lower as it approaches the hilltop after the junction. One can find several stalls selling miscellaneous things, which are heaped on the ground, on the sloping street. Originally there were two "dai pai dongs" operating on the street near Hollywood Road, but one of them was forced to closed in 2005. Many international restaurants and a comedy club can be found on the upper section of the street. </doc> <doc id="2338696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338696" title="Whabi Mohammad"> Whabi Mohammad Whabi Mohammad (born 1983) was reported to be the "fifth bomber" wanted in connection with the 21 July 2005 London bombings, and to have been arrested on or before 28 July 2005. </doc> <doc id="2338703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338703" title="KCRG-TV"> KCRG-TV KCRG-TV is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States and serving the Eastern Iowa television market (Cedar Rapids–Waterloo–Iowa City–Dubuque). It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 9 from a transmitter near Walker. The station can also be seen on Mediacom channel 9 and in high definition on digital channel 809. Owned by Gray Television, the station maintains studios on Second Avenue SE in downtown Cedar Rapids. During the late 1940s, the "Cedar Rapids Gazette", then-owners of KCRG-AM 1600, filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for a TV station license. At the time, the FCC had a backlog of over 200 applications and had decided not to proceed with action on further applications until the backlogged requests could be filled. After the backlog was cleared, many applications were filed for licenses. The Gazette Company didn't want to compete for a license and decided to withdraw the initial application. Instead, it joined with a number of other investors as Cedar Rapids Television Company (CRTV), which was granted a license for channel 9. The station began broadcasting October 15, 1953. Initially, the station was known as KCRI because the other investors didn't want the new television station so closely identified with the "Gazette" newspaper. The radio station also took the KCRI call sign because one of the television station's managers suggested that every mention of "KCRG" on-air was a promotion for the newspaper—one for which the "Gazette" would have to pay each time. After about a year of operation, the "Gazette" bought out its partners in CRTV and the station was renamed KCRG-TV in 1954. From 1954 to 2015, the station remained under the ownership of Gazette Communications, which was renamed the SourceMedia Group in mid-2010. After the 1996 sale of WHO-TV in Des Moines, KCRG-TV was the only locally owned and operated television station left in Iowa. KCRG started broadcasting in high definition television in January 2003. The station also had the first news helicopter in Iowa, "NewsCopter 9". In September 2015, Atlanta-based Gray Television and Gazette Communications announced they had an agreement where Gray Television would buy KCRG-TV for $100 million, with the transfer taking place on October 1. The sale was completed on November 1. KCRG became a sister to KWQC-TV in nearby Davenport after Gray purchased the NBC affiliate as a condition of its owner, Media General, merging with Nexstar Broadcasting Group (now Nexstar Media Group), parent of rival WHBF-TV. KCRG's broadcasts became digital-only, effective June 12, 2009. The station had attempted to convert on February 17, 2009 with the majority of other Cedar Rapids stations, but the FCC requested they maintain one analog commercial network signal for the market for the remaining four months. Upon KCRG-TV's digital transition completion in June 2009, the "KCRG-TV" callsign was legally transferred from the now-defunct analog channel 9 to the new digital channel 9 with the "KCRG-DT" callsign being permanently discontinued. KCRG has a digital subchannel called "KCRG 9.2" at channel 9.2, which originally aired a wheel schedule of local news, weather and features. The remainder of the screen had a news ticker, current weather conditions, rotating weather images and program listings. Over time, syndicated and locally produced programs were added, culminating in the addition of MyNetworkTV to the subchannels in October 2011, one month after KWKB dropped the service and became a sole CW affiliate. However, MyNetworkTV's programming runs as a late night offering on 9.2, airing from 12:05–2:05 a.m., five hours later than its usual primetime running time. Subchannel 9.2 is also used to air ABC network programming pre-empted on the main signal for breaking news coverage; a prime example was during the Great Iowa Flood of June 2008, when 9.2 carried ABC's coverage of the NBA Finals while 9.1 devoted full coverage of the disaster. The schedule of 9.2 prominently features live and taped local sports coverage, including regular season and state championship coverage of volleyball, wrestling, soccer, baseball, football, and basketball (the latter two sports are broadcast on Friday evenings). Also featured are coverage of the Dubuque Fighting Saints (USHL hockey), Cedar Rapids Kernels (Midwest League baseball), and University of Northern Iowa athletics. The subchannel also airs Chicago Cubs and Chicago White Sox telecasts originating from WGN-TV. Ancillary sports programming includes the discussion show "On Iowa Live" and the Zach Johnson Foundation pro-am golf tournament. In late August 2011, KCRG added a third subchannel, 9.3, branded "WXNow" and featuring local forecasts and looping conditions originated locally from station weather computers. On October 1, 2013, the WXNow loop was moved to an online-only streaming channel on the station's website and replaced on 9.3 by the lifestyle-oriented Live Well Network. With Live Well slated to discontinue programming in January 2015, subchannel 9.3 joined Antenna TV that month, taking over the network's Eastern Iowa affiliation from KWKB (subchannel 20.2). KCRG airs "America This Morning" at 4 a.m. due to the 4:30 a.m. start of their newscasts. Syndicated programs on KCRG include "Live with Kelly and Ryan", "The Big Bang Theory", "The Dr. Oz Show", "Harry", and "Rachael Ray". TV-9 also carries games for the Iowa Hawkeyes football team selected for broadcast by ABC. The station also produces "PowerHouse TV", a program about energy efficiency and safety, for local utility Alliant Energy, which airs on KCRG and stations throughout Alliant's service area in Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and small portions of Illinois and Missouri. Currently, KCRG-TV broadcasts a total of 31 hours of local newscasts each week (with 5 hours on weekdays, three hours on Saturdays, and three hours on Sundays). In addition to its main newsroom at its Cedar Rapids studios, the station also operates satellite newsrooms in Dubuque and Iowa City. It previously operated a news bureau in Waterloo. KCRG-TV is one of three remaining broadcast television stations in the United States employing the "24 Hour News Source" format, which it began using in 1990. The other stations are, as of November 2014: NBC affiliate WOOD-TV in Grand Rapids, Michigan and CW affiliate WISH-TV in Indianapolis. Upon retirement, Meteorologist Denny Frary was the station's longest-running on-air personality, working for KCRG from 1974 until he retired November 17, 2006. Sports director John Campbell, who had also been with the station since the 1970s, retired in 2012. News reporter Dave Franzman also has been with the station since the 1970s, while Bruce Aune started anchoring at KCRG in 1986. KCRG's first use of a satellite to broadcast 'live' (local) news was December 31, 1982 when Sports Director John Campbell reported the Iowa Hawkeyes had defeated the Tennessee Volunteers 28-22 to win the 1982 Peach Bowl at Fulton County Stadium in Atlanta. Use of satellite 'air time' was reported to be $3,000.00 a minute. On January 3, 2011, KCRG-TV expanded its weekday morning newscast by one half-hour, moving it to 4:30 a.m., creating a 2½ hour block of news each weekday morning. On January 21, 2012, KCRG-TV became the second station in the Cedar Rapids/Waterloo/Dubuque/Iowa City market to broadcast its newscasts in high definition. The switch to HD came with brand-new logo, graphics, news set and a new interactive touch screen that will be used for weather and other interactive storytelling. It is the largest interactive touch screen of its kind in the United States and the third largest in the world. </doc> <doc id="2338705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338705" title="Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis"> Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis is one of 12 regional Reserve Banks that, along with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the United States' central bank. Missouri is the only state to have two main branches of Federal Reserve Banks. (Kansas City also has a bank). Located in downtown St. Louis, the St. Louis Fed is the headquarters of the Eighth Federal Reserve District, which includes the state of Arkansas and portions of Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, the eastern half of Missouri and West Tennessee. It has branches in Little Rock, Louisville and Memphis. Its building, at 411 Locust Street, was designed by St. Louis firm Mauran, Russell & Crowell in 1924. The Eighth District serves as a center for local, national and global economic research, and provides the following services: supervisory and regulatory services to state-member banks and bank holding companies; cash and coin-handling for the District and beyond; economic education; and community development resources. The following people serve on the board of directors . James Bullard took office as president and chief executive officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis in April 2008. He directs the activities of the bank's head office in St. Louis as well as its three branches in Little Rock, Louisville and Memphis. In addition, he participates in the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), the Federal Reserve's principal monetary policymaking body. Bullard is an accomplished economic theorist, whose fundamental contributions to monetary economics and policy analysis are highly regarded in the profession. Bullard joined the research division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis in 1990 and attained positions of increasing responsibility. Prior to being appointed president, he was deputy director of research for monetary analysis. Congress gave the Federal Reserve responsibility for setting monetary policy under the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 so that actions taken by the central bank would be free from political concerns. Along with the other 11 regional Feds, the St. Louis Fed helps guide the nation's economy by participating on the Federal Open Market Committee. Advised by the research division staff, President James Bullard contributes informed opinions about national and district conditions, and participates in FOMC decisions concerning monetary policy, including setting the federal funds rate. The St. Louis Fed supervises state-member banks and bank holding companies, and, since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, savings and loan holding companies. The Banking Supervision and Regulation division, led by executive vice president Julie Stackhouse, is tasked with assessing the safety and soundness of financial institutions' assets and operations, the effectiveness of their risk management practices, and their compliance with laws and regulations governing activities and consumer protection. Examiners collect and verify data from financial institutions to ensure an accurate accounting of financial institutions' conditions, as well as data on the money and reserves in the banking system. The Federal Reserve is considered the "lender of last resort" for financial institutions, and the St. Louis Fed is tasked with ensuring adequate liquidity in financial markets by making loans to depository institutions through the "discount window" and allowing the prudent use of intraday credit. The St. Louis Fed processes bank applications for acquisitions and new activities. Twelve senior executives of banks, thrift institutions and credit unions in the Eighth District serve on the St. Louis Fed's Community Depository Institutions Advisory Council (CDIAC), which meets twice a year to advise the St. Louis Fed president on the credit, banking and economic conditions facing the members' institutions and communities. The chairman of the St. Louis Fed's CDIAC represents the Eighth District at the Board of Governors' CDIAC meetings, held twice annually. Banking-related publications include quarterly banking performance data, tailored to bank executives in the Eighth District. The publication "Central Banker" was discontinued in 2014. As part of Banking Supervision and Regulation, the St. Louis Fed's Community Development department provides financial institutions and others with information on the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), community and economic development, and issues related to credit access. The department also facilitates partnerships between lenders and their communities and seeks to generate economic development and affordable housing throughout the Eighth District. Executives from organizations throughout the district serve on the St. Louis Fed's Community Development Advisory Council, which was created to keep the St. Louis Fed's president and community development staff informed about development issues and to suggest ways the bank might support local development efforts. The executives are all experts in community and economic development and represent nonprofit organizations, financial institutions, universities, local governments and foundations. Community Development holds many events throughout the year, covering such topics as the impact and possible solutions to foreclosures and vacancies, neighborhood revitalization, rebuilding household balance sheets, and reaching the unbanked and underbanked. Publications include "Bridges", a quarterly publication for community organizations and leaders. The St. Louis Fed's research division, led by executive vice president Christopher J. Waller, produces economic research for a wide range of national and international audiences. In the 1960s, the St. Louis Fed garnered a reputation as a maverick in the Federal Reserve System because of its espousal of monetarism. Spurred by bank president Darryl Francis and research director Homer Jones, the bank's economists published research showing a direct relationship between the growth of money and inflation. Monetarist theories have since been adopted widely. St. Louis Fed economists previously released the "Burgundy Books", patterned after the Federal Reserve System's "Beige Book", as an economic snapshot of the four zones in the district (Little Rock, Louisville, Memphis and St. Louis). The "Burgundy Books" collected data and anecdotal feedback from numerous sources to help track the district's consumer spending, commercial and residential real estate, manufacturing and industrial activities, banking data and more. Publication was discontinued after 2015. Research publications include the "Review", a journal of national and international economic developments, particularly focusing on their monetary aspects; "Economic Synopses", short essays and reports on the economic issues of the day; and "The Regional Economist", a magazine with articles written largely by economists but for readers who, for the most part, aren't economists. The St. Louis Fed's research division maintains FRED (Federal Reserve Economic Data), a database of over 500,000 economic time series from more than 80 national, international, private and public sources. Data series include interest rates, gross domestic product and its components, GDP and gross national product together, employment and population, consumer price indexes, monetary aggregates and Treasury constant maturity. FRED and the other free online data services—ALFRED, GeoFRED, CASSIDI and FRASER—are collectively, with other research sites, accessed several million times a year. Writing at "Business Insider", Joe Weisenthal called FRED "The most amazing economics website in the world." The bank also maintains the Research Papers in Economics (RePEc) database, a listing of economics authors and the Economics Departments, Institutes and Research Centers in the World (EDIRC) databases. Former Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad once served on the staff of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, where he did early research on the American Divisia Monetary Aggregates. The St. Louis Fed's Econ Lowdown provides a variety of free online tools for K-16 educators nationwide, including online courses, audio and video podcasts, apps, personal finance chats, and PDF and interactive whiteboard versions of lesson plans. The economics topics covered include basic concepts such as opportunity cost and supply and demand to more complex topics such as comparative advantage and monetary policy. In personal finance, the topics include earning income, taxes, budgeting, saving, banks and credit cards. Economic education staff provide in-service workshops for K-12 educators, as well as conferences and workshops at the bank and its branches for K-16 educators. Economic Education publishes a newsletter, "Page One Economics". Another newsletter, "Inside the Vault," was retired in 2015. Another publication, "In Plain English," is a multimedia online course on the structure and functions of the Federal Reserve System. Many materials, including personal finance online courses and personal finance chats, are available in Spanish as well as English. The St. Louis Fed supports the U.S. Treasury with a number of functions. Led by executive vice president Kathleen O. Paese, the Treasury Division includes the Treasury Relations and Support Office (TRSO), which manages the Federal Reserve System's overall relationships with the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service and Office of Fiscal Assistant Secretary. The St. Louis Fed's Treasury Division supports the following U.S. Treasury programs: Debt Management Services, Fiscal Accounting Operations, Information and Security Services, Payment Management, Revenue Collections Management, and Treasury Security Services. It also serves as the offering administrator for the Fed's Term Deposit Facility. Beginning in the mid-2000s, the Federal Reserve consolidated its check-handling services as the number of paper checks fell rapidly in favor of check cards, debit cards and electronic bill payments. The most recently completed payments study (released in late 2010) revealed that more than three-quarters of noncash payments in America were done electronically. On March 3, 2010, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland became the Fed's single paper check processing and adjustments site and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta became the Fed's single electronic check processing site. As led by executive vice president Karl W. Ashman, the St. Louis Fed provides currency and coin handling services for the Eighth District and beyond, which includes helping to ensure that depository institutions have enough currency and coin to meet public demand through currency ordering and depositing services. The St. Louis Fed also checks currency for fit status (money that can still be circulated), destroys notes that can no longer be circulated and reports counterfeit money to the United States Secret Service. The St. Louis Fed holds several events annually for educators, civic and business leaders, bankers and more throughout the district. These include the "Dialogue with the Fed" events for the public, in which St. Louis Fed experts discuss economic matters such as the federal deficit, the financial crisis and unemployment; and "Economic Briefings," where a Fed economist or other expert discusses the current local and national economy. The St. Louis Fed also features research symposiums, educator workshops and special presentations on topics such as the cost of higher education and recession demographics. As with all Federal Reserve banks, the St. Louis Fed established an Office of Minority and Women Inclusion (OMWI) in January 2011, as called for by the Dodd-Frank Act. The St. Louis OMWI is designed to increase participation of minority- and women-owned businesses in Bank procurement needs, further diversify the St. Louis Fed's workforce at all levels, and support financial literacy efforts at inner-city, girls' and majority-minority high schools. Anna Hart, group vice president of human resources and diversity and inclusion, is the St. Louis Fed's OMWI director. </doc> <doc id="2338715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338715" title="WCHS-TV"> WCHS-TV WCHS-TV, virtual channel 8 (UHF digital channel 29), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Charleston, West Virginia, United States and serving the Charleston–Huntington television market. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, which also operates Fox affiliate WVAH-TV (channel 11, also licensed to Charleston) under a local marketing agreement (LMA) with owner Cunningham Broadcasting. However, Sinclair effectively owns WVAH as the majority of Cunningham's stock is owned by the family of deceased group founder Julian Smith. The two stations share studios on Piedmont Road in Charleston and transmitter facilities atop Coal Mountain, south of Scott Depot, West Virginia. Along with sister station WSYX in Columbus, Ohio, WCHS-TV also doubles as a default ABC affiliate for the Parkersburg–Marietta market since that area doesn't have an ABC station of its own. WCHS-TV serves the West Virginia side of the market. WCHS-TV signed-on August 15, 1954 and was originally owned by the Tierney Company, alongside WCHS radio (580 AM). WCHS-TV was the second station in Charleston after WKNA-TV, which launched on UHF channel 49 as an ABC affiliate in 1953 but went dark in 1955 due to lack of viewership. Originally a CBS station sharing ABC with WSAZ-TV (channel 3), channel 8 became a full CBS affiliate when WHTN-TV in Huntington signed-on in 1955. During the late-1950s, it was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network. In 1958, WCHS swapped affiliations with WHTN and became an ABC affiliate. The WCHS stations were sold to Rollins Telecasting in 1960. The station reversed the swap and went back to CBS in 1962. For reasons that remain unknown, WCHS did not carry the "CBS Evening News" for several years after returning to CBS. On June 1, 1986, the station swapped affiliations once again with channel 13, now known as WOWK-TV. In 1987, Rollins Telecasting merged with Heritage Broadcasting to form Heritage Media. In December 1987, the station relocated from its longtime studios on Virginia Street East to their current location on Piedmont Road in Charleston. The company sold off WCHS-AM in 1991. Heritage sold all of its remaining broadcasting properties (four television stations, LMAs for two other television stations, and 24 radio stations) to Sinclair Broadcast Group in 1997 just as Heritage itself was being swallowed up by News Corporation. As such, the former Heritage stations retained the current network affiliations instead of becoming Fox owned-and-operated stations. The Sinclair purchase of WCHS forced the company to sell WVAH, which it had acquired three years before when it merged with Abry Communications to Glencairn as the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) did not permit duopolies at the time. However, Glencairn's stock was almost entirely controlled by the Smith family, owners and founders of Sinclair. In effect, Sinclair now owned both stations. The company further circumvented the rules by entering into a local marketing agreement with WVAH, with WCHS as senior partner. The other station retained its own studios on Mount Vernon Road in Hurricane along I-64 even although most of its operations were merged with WCHS. Eventually, WVAH's separate facilities were put up for sale. Sinclair tried to merge with Glencairn in 2001 after the FCC decided to allow duopolies but could not repurchase WVAH because the FCC does not allow common ownership of two of the four highest-rated stations in a single market. Glencairn changed its name to Cunningham Broadcasting and the local media agreement with WCHS continues to this day. There is overwhelming evidence that Glencairn/Cunningham is merely a shell corporation used by Sinclair to circumvent FCC ownership rules. One of the first televised presidential debates featuring John F. Kennedy took place at WCHS' studios. The nationally syndicated "Produce Corner" segments were taped at the studios as well. The station's digital signal is multiplexed: For a period of time it carried a service called TheCoolTV on 8.2, but like all other Sinclair stations, it dropped this without announcement on August 31, 2012. WCHS-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 8, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 41. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 8. WCHS and WVAH started the switch over to high definition in June 2012 by first installing a new HD Master Control room. In July 2012, the station started to remove the set from the studio that was installed in the late '90s. The old news desk, backdrop, monitors, and the chroma key wall were moved to a small conference room in the station until the transition to HD news was completed. In late July 2012, the new set arrived from Devlin Design Group based out of Crested Butte, Colorado. During the months of August and September, the new set was installed. On September 29, 2012, WCHS and WVAH became the third and fourth stations in the market to launch high definition newscasts. Sinclair and Dish Network were both in a brief dispute over retransmission fees on May 17, 2005. This dispute was resolved on May 20 and the notice was taken down. In summer 2006, Charter Communications streamlined its operations which included selling off portions of its cable system which were "geographically non-strategic". Charter accounts in WCHS' market area were purchased by Suddenlink Communications (formerly known as Cebridge). Sinclair requested a $40 million one time fee and a $1 per sub per month fee from Suddenlink for retransmission rights of WCHS and WVAH on the Suddenlink cable system. This led to a protracted media battle between the two companies and Sinclair pulled the two stations off-the-air in the Beckley market. After several weeks of negotiations, the two companies reached an agreement allowing WCHS and WVAH to continue transmission over the Suddenlink cable system. The terms of the agreement were not released to the public. It was announced on December 20, 2006, that Time Warner Cable systems in the Charleston/Huntington market would lose WCHS and WVAH starting December 31. However, this only applied to cable subscribers that were previously owned by Adelphia. An extension agreement was made until January 12, 2007 for negotiations. For most of its history according to Nielsen ratings, WCHS has been a distant runner up to longtime dominant WSAZ-TV. This station and WOWK are usually more competitive in Charleston but WCHS ultimately has higher viewership, however neither is competitive in Huntington, or in the counties of Ohio and Kentucky that are in the market. This is because both stations generally ignore news outside of Charleston. In 2013, however, WCHS opened a small studio and news office in Huntington. WSAZ came in a close second to WCHS for a short period in late 2009–early 2010. This was due to lower lead-in numbers originated by "The Jay Leno Show" and WSAZ has since regained its first place ratings. WCHS currently uses the "Eyewitness News" branding for its news operation and produces three newscasts for sister station WVAH. This includes "Eyewitness News This Morning on Fox 11" seen for an hour on weekday mornings from 7 until 8. There is also an hour-long nightly prime time broadcast known as "Eyewitness News at 10 on Fox 11". For many years, WVAH's 10:00 p.m. news broadcast was the market's only hour-long late evening newscast. This changed on March 31, 2014 when WSAZ moved their 10:00 p.m. newscast from MyNetworkTV affiliate WSAZ-DT2 to CW affiliate WQCW (channel 30) and expanded the broadcast from a half-hour to a full hour. </doc> <doc id="2338719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338719" title="The Greenbriar Boys"> The Greenbriar Boys The Greenbriar Boys were a northern bluegrass music group who first got together in jam sessions in New York's Washington Square Park. In 1959, guitarist/vocalist John Herald formed The Greenbriar Boys, along with Bob Yellin (banjo) and Eric Weissberg (fiddle, mandolin, banjo). Weissberg was soon replaced by Paul Prestopino, who, in turn was later replaced by Ralph Rinzler (mandolin) to form their most successful combination. The trio often played the Greenwich Village scene, but were notable enough to be the first Northern group to win the likes of the Union Grove Fiddlers' Convention competition, where Yellin also took top honors for banjo. They were credited as guest artists on two tracks from Joan Baez's 1961 album "Joan Baez, Vol. 2". In 1962, they released their first (eponymous) album on Vanguard Records. Three more albums followed: "Dián and the Greenbriar Boys" in 1963 for Elektra (with Dián James, d. 18 May 2006), "Ragged but Right!" in 1964, and "Better Late Than Never" in 1966 (with the additions of mandolinist/vocalist Frank Wakefield, who replaced Rinzler, and fiddler, Jim Buchanan). The 1966 album included the original recorded version of Mike Nesmith's "Different Drum", which was made into a hit song the following year by the Stone Poneys. This album was also the source for a subsequent Stone Poneys single, "Up To My Neck In High Muddy Water," with author credit to Wakefield, Herald, and Yellin. By the last album, Rinzler had left to become director of the folklife area at the Smithsonian Institution which now bears his name. Rinzler was replaced in 1965 by the Tennessee-born mandolin virtuoso Frank Wakefield who, at the age of 31, was already a legendary figure in Bluegrass music, having performed since the age of 16 with such Bluegrass stars as the Stanley Brothers, Jimmy Martin and Red Allen and the Kentuckians. He had made a Carnegie Hall appearance with Allen, had done guest spots on various TV programs and had appeared on dozens of records, including the first-ever all-Bluegrass LP album ever produced by Smithsonian-Folkways Records. Wakefield's arrival therefore brought some welcome southern appalachian authenticity to what until then was a northern, urban and folkish-oriented group. Over the next four years, the close friendship and musical collaboration between John Herald, Bob Yellin, Jim Buchanan and Frank Wakefield resulted in some successful recordings and national television appearances. In addition to his remarkable mandolin playing, Wakefield's southern-accented lead and harmony vocals lent a distinctively rural sound to the Greenbriar Boys. Wakefield was also responsible for bringing young Kentucky-born guitarist and lead singer Joe Isaacs into the group by 1968. The Greenbriar Boys disbanded in 1970 as Wakefield launched what was to become a highly successful solo career bringing him international fame and which is still thriving. The Greenbriar Boys reunited occasionally in later years. John Herald released albums with The John Herald Band and a solo album, in 2000, "Roll On John," before committing suicide in 2005. </doc> <doc id="2338722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338722" title="Arizona (British band)"> Arizona (British band) Arizona was a Eurodance project from England that consisted of remixer/producers Michael Gray and Jon Pearn (both of Full Intention) and vocalist Zeeteah Massiah (born 24 December 1960 in Barbados). Their 1993 club music release "Slide On the Rhythm" (credited to Arizona featuring Zeitia) went to #1 on "Billboard" 's Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. In March 1994, "I Specialize In Love" was released and reached #74 in the UK Singles Chart. They are not to be confused with another funk and soul band of the same name, who recorded an eponymous album for RCA in 1977. </doc> <doc id="2338729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338729" title="8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's)"> 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's) The 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's) is the longest serving armoured regiment in the Canadian Army. It was formed on the 4 April 1848 in New Brunswick where it has served continually ever since. Today it is a reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment with 2 Squadrons. Its Regimental Headquarters(RHQ)and A Squadron is located in Moncton with B Squadron located in Sussex, New Brunswick. In 1957 its name, 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's), was chosen for the formation of a new regular force regiment to serve in addition to the reserve regiment. The Regular Regiment served in Gagetown, New Brunswick, Petawawa, Ontario, the Sinai, Cyprus, Iserlohn (Fort Beausejour), Soest and Lahr, West Germany. The Regular force regiment was disbanded in 1998. The reserve regiment of the "8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's)" remains. The earliest beginnings of the 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's) have traditionally been traced to the year 1775 in the Colony of Virginia where Captain John Saunders, of Princess Anne County, raised a troop of cavalry at his own expense to fight for the Crown against the Colonial rebels. This unusual Regiment included riflemen, grenadiers, artillery and cavalry, and it never knew defeat during the American conflict for independence. In September 1783, the Regiment as an entity sailed for Nova Scotia and reached Saint John on 27 September 1783. A large number of these Loyalists soldiers settled in the Saint John and Kennebecasis valleys by Loyalist soldiers, had a military tradition and indeed an effective militia. In 1839, the York County Troop, known for a time as the York Light Dragoons, was mobilized for service in the Aroostook War, a conflict with American lumbermen that never quite came to open fighting. For four months they patrolled the border and roads between Woodstock, Fredericton and Saint John. By 1848, eleven troops of cavalry were in existence. These troops included Hampton Troop of Cavalry, Assekeag Troop of Cavalry, Apohaqui Troop of Cavalry, Upham Troop of Cavalry, Johnston Troop of Cavalry, Shediac Troop of Cavalry, Springfield Troop of Cavalry, among others. By authority of Militia General Order No 1 of 4 April 1848, these eleven independent troops were united to form a Regiment entitled the New Brunswick Yeomanry Cavalry. It is this date that is officially recognized as the formation date of the 8th Canadian Hussars. The regiment contributed volunteers for the Canadian Contingents that served in South Africa. The 6th Regiment, Canadian Mounted Rifles Battalion, CEF, was authorized on 7 November 1914 and embarked for England on 17 July 1915. It disembarked in France on 24 October 1915, where it continued to train until 2 January 1916 when its personnel were absorbed by the 4th Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles and the 5th Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles, CEF. The regiment disbanded on 18 February 1918. The Second World War provided the regiment's first opportunity for active service as a formed unit. The regiment mobilized as the 4th Canadian Motorcycle Regiment, CASF (8 NBH) on 24 May 1940. It was converted to armour and redesignated as the "8th Princess Louise's (New Brunswick) Hussars) CAC, CASF", on 9 February 1941; as the 5th Armoured Regiment (8th Princess Louise's (New Brunswick) Hussars, CASF, on 11 February 1941. The regiment embarked for Britain on 9 October 1941 The regiment landed in Italy on 19 December 1943 as a unit of the 5th Armoured Brigade, 5th Canadian Armoured Division. It was renamed as the "5th Armoured Regiment (8th Princess Louise's (New Brunswick) Hussars, CAC, CASF", on 15 October 1943. The regiment landed in Italy on 19 December 1943 at Naples and saw action soon and frequently thereafter. The regiment fought in the Liri Valley, the Melfa Crossing, Ceprano, The Gothic Line, Missano Ridge, Coriano, the Lamone River Crossing, and Coventello where it distinguished itself. It moved to North-West Europe on 17 February 1945 as part of Operation Goldflake. The Hussars sailed from Italy to Southern France, and then moved by rail to Northwest Europe. After refitting the tanks, the regiment went into action in the Netherlands, breaking through to Putten in mid-April. The regiment then moved north for the final actions of the war at the Delfzijl Pocket where 3,000 German soldiers surrendered to the regiment. It was renamed as the "5th Armoured Regiment (8th Princess Louise's (New Brunswick) Hussars, RCAC, CASF", on 2 August 1945. On 26 January 1946, the regiment arrived in Halifax and the next day reached Sussex, New Brunswick where it was demobilized. The overseas regiment disbanded on 15 February 1946. In 1950, the regiment was called upon to provide men for service with the Special Force which was raised and deployed to Korea, and in 1951 "Y" Troop was organized for service with the 27th Canadian Infantry Brigade in Germany. On 29 January 1957, it was decided that a third armoured regiment would be formed in the Canadian Army. As a result, the regiment was honoured with the privilege of providing its name to the new regiment. This resulted in the change of the regiment's name to the 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's). The Regular Regiment served in Gagetown, New Brunswick, Petawawa, Ontario, the Sinai, Cyprus, Iserlohn (Fort Beausejour), Soest and Lahr, West Germany. Cpl. Paul R. Wallace and Tpr. Adrian A. Bons died while deployed to the Sinai as part of the United Nations Emergency Force on 27 November 1964. In the summer of 1965, the regiment was deployed from their base at Petawawa, Ontario on a peacekeeping mission for the United Nations to the island nation of Cyprus. Tpr. Lennard W. Nass died on 27 September 1966 while deployed to Cyprus as part of the United Nations Force in Cyprus. The regiment has participated in several "aid to the civil authority" missions in recent history. In the summer of 1990 the regiment sent a troop sized force to the province of Quebec in Cougars to assist in Canadian Forces Operations in the Oka Crisis. In the 1998 Ice Storm, the regiment provided a platoon-sized force to assist in the maintenance of infrastructure in the community of St. George, New Brunswick. In the fall of 1998, the regiment provided soldiers to the recovery effort for Swiss Air Flight 111. In 2004, 8CH became an armoured reconnaissance unit, in place of its previous designation as simply an armoured unit. Along with this trade change the unit was given the new Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon, a Jeep-like vehicle more suited to their new role as reconnaissance. The unit is stationed at the Moncton and Sussex detachments of CFB Gagetown, New Brunswick. Its Colonel-in-Chief is HRH The Princess Royal. The regiment contributed an aggregate of more than 20% of its authorized strength to the various Task Forces which served in Afghanistan between 2002 and 2014. Lineage of the units of the 8th Canadian Hussars: class="wikitable" + Abbreviations used in the chart In the list below, battle honours in capitals were awarded for participation in large operations and campaigns, while those in lowercase indicate honours granted for more specific battles. Those battle honours followed by a "+" are emblazoned on the regimental guidon. The regiment's museum is located in a former train station in Sussex, New Brunswick. Exhibits focus on the 8th Canadian Hussars (Princess Louise's) military history and activities, and include uniforms, medals, weapons and artifacts from different wars. </doc> <doc id="2338732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338732" title="Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station"> Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station Berlin Zoologischer Garten Station (, colloquially "Bahnhof Zoo") is a railway station in Berlin, Germany. It is located on the Berlin Stadtbahn railway line in the Charlottenburg district, adjacent to the Berlin Zoo. During the division of the city, the station was the central transport facility of West Berlin, and thereafter for the western central area of reunified Berlin until the opening of Berlin Hauptbahnhof in 2006. It is also an interchange with the U-Bahn and the S-Bahn, which uses the Stadtbahn viaduct along with "RegionalExpress" and "RegionalBahn" trains. The station building overlooks the Hardenbergplatz square, named after Prussian prime minister Karl August von Hardenberg (1750–1822), Berlin's largest city bus terminal and night bus service centre. It is also used by long-distance buses/coaches, however the "ZOB", Berlin's central intercity bus terminal, is located on Messedamm in Westend, not far from the Funkturm. Zoologischer Garten is also a Berlin U-Bahn station and S-Bahn station located at the Berlin Zoologischer Garten terminal, serving the U-Bahn lines and , as well as by the S-Bahn lines , , , and . The original station served by Berlin Stadtbahn commuter trains opened on 7 February 1882. On 11 March 1902 the first Berlin U-Bahn line, today the U2, was opened under ground. With a view to the 1936 Summer Olympics, the station was rebuilt from 1934 to 1940, and the track installations were expanded. On 23/24 November 1943, it was directly hit at the track area and more damage was accumulated during the Battle of Berlin. After the final closure of the Anhalter Bahnhof in 1952, Bahnhof Zoo remained the only long-distance train station within West Berlin, operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn of East Germany. On 28 August 1961, two weeks after the erection of the Berlin Wall, the new U-Bahn Line 9 was opened below the U2, connecting the station with the transportation network in the north-south direction. The fact that with only two platforms and four tracks for long-distance trains the station was still the most important in West Berlin was another unnatural phenomenon of the divided city. After reunification, despite the outcry from nearby Kurfürstendamm retailers and local politicians, the station dramatically lost its importance following the launching of the new Berlin Hauptbahnhof on 28 May 2006, with long-distance services now passing through the station without stopping. An exception is the famous Sibirjak departing from Bahnhof Zoo for the Novosibirsk Trans-Siberian railway station. Periodically the EuroNight Paris-Berlin stops here. The station is served by the following services: </doc> <doc id="2338743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338743" title="The Ontario Regiment (RCAC)"> The Ontario Regiment (RCAC) The Ontario Regiment (RCAC) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Army. The unit is based in downtown Oshawa, Ontario. Formed in 1866, and more commonly known as the 'Ontarios', 'black cats' or 'ONT R' (pronounced "ON-tar"), the regiment ranks among the oldest continuously serving Reserve (Militia) regiments in Canada and is one of the senior armoured regiments in the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps. The 116th Battalion (Ontario County), CEF was authorized on 22 December 1915 and embarked for Britain on 24 July 1916. From October to December 1916 it provided reinforcements for the Canadian Corps in the field, and on 11 February 1917 it disembarked in France, where it fought with the 9th Infantry Brigade, 3rd Canadian Division in France and Flanders until the end of the war. The battalion was disbanded on 30 August 1920. The 182nd Battalion (Ontario County), CEF was authorized on 15 July 1916 and embarked for Britain on 3 May 1917, where its personnel were absorbed by the 18th Reserve Battalion, CEF on 16 May 1917 to provide reinforcements for the Canadian Corps in the field. The battalion was disbanded on 1 September 1917. The regiment mobilized The Ontario Regiment (Tank), CASF on 1 September 1939. It was redesignated as The Ontario Regiment (Tank), CASF on 13 August 1940. It was converted to armour on 23 November 1940, and an army tank battalion on 11 February 1941, under the designation 11th Army Tank Battalion (The Ontario Regiment (Tank)), CAC, CASF. It was redesignated the 11th Army Tank Regiment (The Ontario Regiment (Tank)), CAC, CASF, on 15 May 1942 and the 11th Armoured Regiment (The Ontario Regiment), CAC, CASF, on 26 August 1943 and the 11th Armoured Regiment (The Ontario Regiment), RCAC, CASF, on 2 August 1945. On 21 June 1941 it embarked for Britain. The regiment landed in Sicily on 13 July 1943, as part of the 1st Canadian Armoured Brigade, and in Italy on 3 September 1943 in support of 17th Brigade, 5th British Division. On 8 March 1945 the regiment moved with the 1st Canadian Corps to North-West Europe as part of OPERATION GOLDFLAKE, where it fought until the end of the war. The overseas regiment was disbanded on 15 December 1945. Within six days of mobilization, 594 men had enlisted for active service. In June 1941, the regiment sailed from Halifax on the "Pasteur", arriving in Greenock, Scotland on 1 July, and headed south to Headley Downs, England. The Ontarios were the first Canadians to be issued the Churchill tank with which it trained in exercises in its experimental period of 1941-42. On 21 December 1941 the regiment moved to Brighton, alternating between here and Shermanbury park in operational roles in the defence of the English coast. The unit fought with distinction in several theatres during the war, beginning with the Allied invasion of Sicily in July 1943, through the Italian Campaign (World War II) seeing action in the fierce Liri Valley, Monte Cassino, and on to Ortona. In 1945, the unit entered the Northwest European theatre where it fought with distinction in the Dutch Campaign winning honours at Arnhem. Upon demobilization, The Ontarios continued as a reserve armoured regiment using Mark IV Sherman Tanks. In fact, the regiment was one of the last Canadian militia units to give up their Shermans in 1972. Some of these actual tanks can be seen as monuments or gate guards at [CFB Kingston] and the former Denison Armoury on Dufferin Street in Toronto. There were two more name changes for the regiment after World War II. In 1946, the regiment was designated the 11th Armoured Regiment (Ontario Regiment) and in 1958, the regiment assumed the title by which it is known today: The Ontario Regiment (RCAC). The regiment's role was changed to armoured reconnaissance and the unit employed jeeps in the armoured reconnaissance vehicle in this role. In 1980, the Ontarios were re-designated an armoured regiment, this time employing the Cougar armoured vehicle. During many of the subsequent years, the regiment maintained a wheeled armoured reconnaissance squadron (later downsized to an RHQ recce troop) employing the Iltis jeep. Many of the regiment's soldiers, NCOs and officers enjoy the unique distinction among their peers in reserve armoured regiments of having been trained in both armoured and reconnaissance roles. With the retirement of the Cougar in the 2004, the regiment was again re-designated an armoured reconnaissance unit, briefly employing and conducting trials on all terrain vehicles. Today, the regiment continues its reconnaissance tasking and has adopted the Mercedes-built LUVW G-Wagon. A significant number of the regiment's soldiers have volunteered for active duty with NATO in Germany, United Nations missions in Cyprus, Bosnia, the Golan Heights, Cambodia, the former Yugoslavia and, most recently, the NATO-led engagement with ISAF in Afghanistan. The Ontario Regiment exercised the Freedom of the City of Oshawa and the County of Ontario in 1966, and the Freedom of the Region of Durham in 1979. A regimental "challenge" coin was issued in late 2009 by LCol R Brown and CWO DJ Munroe to the members and officers serving, as a remembrance of those Ontarios who have fallen in the line of duty. The coin is produced in pewter colour and shows the regimental cap badge on the front side, and the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps Cap badge on the reverse, along with a serial number. A year later, the unit's CO and RSM perceived some gaps in the official honours and awards process, particularly at the unit level. As such, in November 2010, a Command Team Coin of Excellence was presented. The coin is gold in colour and shows the regimental cap badge in full colour, ringed with the words 'For Excellence'. The reverse in gold shows the ranks of the CO and RSM, along with the flag of the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps. A complete historical list of the unit's key appointments is maintained at the Regimental Museum's official website. Since 1866, the 34th Battalion and its successor units including the 116th Battalion, 182nd Battalion, and the Ontarios, maintained an award-winning brass marching band. The Regimental band earned top national honours in 1948 at the Canadian National Exhibition in Toronto. The band's patron, Colonel Robert Samuel McLaughlin (Colonel Sam), funded the purchase of the band's instruments and uniforms for several decades, having gone so far as to build a bandshell at Oshawa's Memorial Park to provide the bandsmen with their own venue to entertain Oshawa's citizens. The Regiment maintained its band until 1968 when, due to a reorganization of the Canadian Forces, the unit's band establishment was eliminated by the federal government of the day. Lt (N) Bill Askew, a naval veteran of World War II and officer with the 1913 Ontario Regiment Cadet Corps refused to let the band wither. Under his leadership, the band was transformed into the present-day Oshawa Civic Band. Many of the former regimental bandsmen continue to play with the Civic Band today. The Civic Band regularly performs in a summer concert series at Oshawa's Memorial Park and, from to time, at military functions including the Regimental Ball (held each May) and the Regiment's annual Parkwood Promenade. For almost forty years, the band of the 1913 Ontario Regiment Cadet Corps has provided the Regiment with much of its marching music at public events and official regimental functions. Since 1928, The Ontarios have maintained a strong friendship and alliance with its allied British regiment, the Royal Welsh (Formerly The Welch Regiment (41st of Foot) which amalgamated with the South Wales Borderers (24th of Foot) to form The Royal Regiment Of Wales (RRW) in 1969.) In 2006, under a further reorganization of the British Army, the RRW was amalgamated with the Royal Welsh Fusiliers (RWF) to form the Royal Welsh Regiment (RWR). Several exchange visits have taken place over the years. In 1969, officers and men of the Ontarios performed 'groundskeeping' duties on the occasion of the Welsh’s amalgamation parade at Cardiff Castle. In September 1983, a small group of Welsh officers and soldiers were on parade in Oshawa on the occasion of the Ontarios’ change of command. In July 1989, the Ontarios sent a 35-man guard to Wales for the RRW’s Tercentenary parade at Cardiff Castle. HRH Charles, Prince of Wales the longtime Colonel-in-Chief of the Welsh, inspected the Regiment. The Welsh reciprocated in 1991 by providing a guard for a parade at Iroquois Park in Whitby, Ontario to mark the Ontarios’ 125th anniversary. More recently, in September 2004, the Welsh band toured many of its War of 1812 battlefields near Niagara and encampments throughout Ontario including Kingston, Ontario. The band also visited Oshawa to perform at the Ontarios’ annual Parkwood Promenade, held at the home of Colonel R.S. McLaughlin, the unit's former patron and long-serving honorary colonel. The Ontario Regiment received the Freedom of the city of Oshawa and the County of Ontario in 1966 and the Freedom of the Regional Municipality of Durham in 1979. A complete historical list of the unit's key appointments is available online at the Regimental Museum's official website. In the list below, battle honours in small capitals were awarded for participation in large operations and campaigns, while those in lowercase indicate honours granted for more specific battles. Those battle honours in bold are emblazoned on the regimental guidon. </doc> <doc id="2338744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338744" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland"> Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland The Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland is the Cleveland-based headquarters of the U.S. Federal Reserve System's Fourth District. The district is composed of Ohio, western Pennsylvania, eastern Kentucky, and the northern panhandle of West Virginia. It has branch offices in Cincinnati and Pittsburgh. The check processing center in Columbus, Ohio, was closed in 2005. The chief executive officer and president is Loretta Mester. The bank building is a 13-story 203 foot high-rise, located at Superior Avenue and East 6th Street in downtown Cleveland was designed by the Cleveland firm of Walker and Weeks and completed in 1923. Its exterior architecture emulates an Italian Renaissance palazzo, is clad in pink Sienna marble. An extension to the building designed by HOK was completed in 1998, providing new facilities for check processing and cash handling. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building's entrances feature allegorical sculptures by Henry Hering representing "Security" and "Integrity" flanking the East Sixth Street entrance, while his "Energy" watches the Superior Avenue entry. Its original bank vault door is the largest in the world. The door casting itself was . It incorporates the largest hinge ever built. The hinge has an overall height of and weighs over fully assembled. The vault's use was discontinued in 1997, though it is preserved intact for posterity. In January 2006, the bank opened the Learning Center and Money Museum, replacing the public teller windows vacated after September 11, 2001. Over 30 hands-on exhibits focus on the history of money, its effects on societies and cultures, and its central role in peoples' lives. The museum is open from Monday through Thursday, except for bank holidays, and admission is free. The museum includes a variety of activities and multi-media experiences to educate visitors, including computerized games about trading, writing contests, crayon rubbings, videos, speeches, films, and virtual tours, One recent addition to the Learning Center and Money Museum is the documentary titled "The Panic of 1907" which details how the panic led to the creation of the Federal Reserve System. This film was produced by Joseph G. Haubrich and the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland. The following people are listed as on the board of directors . Class A directors are elected by member banks to represent member banks. Class B directors are elected by member banks to represent the public. Class C directors are appointed by the Board of Governors to represent the public. Terms always expire on December 31 of their final year on the board. </doc> <doc id="2338758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338758" title="I Got You"> I Got You I Got You may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338759" title="Alexandria International Airport (Louisiana)"> Alexandria International Airport (Louisiana) Alexandria International Airport is a public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) west of the central business district of Alexandria, in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States. The airport is operated by the England Authority, also known as the England Economic and Industrial Development District, an independent political subdivision of the State of Louisiana. Although international commercial flight operations are not conducted, charter flights for the U.S. military to international destinations are routinely conducted from the airfield with this activity including the transportation of U.S. troops to overseas locations. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "primary commercial service" airport. As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 142,223 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 154,736 enplanements in 2009, and 179,129 in 2010. Prior to 1992, the facility was known as England Air Force Base, which was a front-line United States Air Force base which was opened during World War II and was used during the Cold War. Alexandria International Airport (AEX) traces its beginnings back to 1939 when it served as an emergency airstrip for Esler Regional Airport, which was about 10 miles northeast of what would become Alexandria International. However, on the eve of World War II, the air strip was taken over by the Department of Defense and named Alexandria Army Air Base. The airbase was used for training pilots and aircrews of fighter and bomber airplanes of the Army Air Force. After World War II ended, the base was placed on standby status in early 1946 and was eventually turned over to the city of Alexandria for use as a municipal airport. With the outbreak of hostilities in Korea, the base was reactivated as Alexandria Air Force Base in 1950. On June 23, 1955, Alexandria Army Air Base was renamed England Air Force Base in honor of Lieutenant Colonel John Brooke England, who died on November 17, 1954. John England was the commander of the 389th Bomber Squadron stationed at the base. Lt. Col. John England died while attempting to land in dense fog in France. During his approach, he ran out of fuel and sacrificed himself by steering away from a barracks and into a nearby field, where he crashed and was killed. At the end of the Cold War, the United States Department of Defense wanted to close many of its military bases including England Air Force Base. The city of Alexandria feared that the economic impact of the airfield closing would devastate the economy, so the city of Alexandria created the England Economic and Industrial Development District (England Authority) to take over the base for the purpose of creating a major air transport resource for the region and the state. After the application by the England Authority and the recommendation from the FAA, the Department of Defense granted all airside and landside areas to the England Authority. In August 1993, Alexandria International Airport opened for service. And on August 1996, Alexandria International began to receive commercial airline passenger service with flights to and from Atlanta (ATL), Dallas/Ft. Worth (DFW), Houston (IAH) and Memphis (MEM), although service to Memphis was subsequently discontinued. Alexandria had previously been served by commercial airline flights operated from Esler Airfield (ESF) located near Pineville, Louisiana. Since the September 11 terrorist attacks, Alexandria International Airport has played an important role in moving thousands of military personnel and millions of pounds of cargo in support of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The United States military, under a commercial lease with the England Authority, invested nearly $60 million in airfield facilities including the hazardous cargo loading/unloading aprons, a military passenger processing facility, Military Air Cargo Apron and resurfacing Runway 18. Alexandria International Airport also played an important role in storm recovery efforts following hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The airport was designated by the Louisiana Department of Transportation as a disaster relief staging and support area, and also served as a command center location for the coordination of aircraft and supplies as well as acting as a staging location for troops and workers who were involved in the recovery effort. In February 2004, Air Force One landed at the airport with President George W. Bush on board. This Boeing 747-200B (U.S. Air Force aircraft designation VC-25A) is one of the largest aircraft to have ever visited AEX. President Bill Clinton also landed at the airfield on board Air Force One during his presidency. However, the largest aircraft ever to have landed at the airport appears to be the Lockheed C-5 Galaxy military jet transport operated by the U.S. Air Force. On November 4, 2010, the "Memphis Business Journal" reported that Delta Connection, which operates passenger feeder services via a codesharing agreement with Delta Air Lines with regional jets, had ceased service on the Alexandria-Memphis route due to poor performance. This route had previously been flown by Northwest Airlink when Northwest Airlines was operating a connecting hub in Memphis. Delta acquired the Memphis hub when its merger with Northwest was completed and has since consolidated many of the former Memphis routes to its larger Atlanta hub. Alexandria continues to be served on a nonstop basis to and from Atlanta by the Delta Connection. Alexandria International Airport covers an area of 2,284 acres (924 ha) at an elevation of 89 feet (27 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 14/32 is 9,352 by 150 feet (2,850 x 46 m) with a concrete surface; 18/36 is 7,001 by 150 feet (2,134 x 46 m) with an asphalt and concrete surface. For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2015, the airport had 29,551 aircraft operations, an average of 81 per day: 34% general aviation, 39% military, 22% air taxi, and 5% scheduled commercial. There are 49 aircraft based at this airport: 63% single-engine, 6% multi-engine, 22% jet, and 8% helicopter. The James L. Meyer Terminal is named for the first chairman of the England Airpark Authority. James Meyer, a Rapides Parish native who died in 1998, was a partner in the Alexandria-based civil engineering firm, Meyer, Meyer, LaCroix, and Hixson, and worked to establish the new airport. The terminal was dedicated in 2011, with Meyer's widow, Joy Sumner Meyer (1933–2013), speaking at the ceremony. All three airlines serving Alexandria operate either Canadair or Embraer regional jet aircraft. In addition to scheduled passenger airline services, the airport has also handled numerous charters performed by large, widebody passenger aircraft (with an example being the McDonnell Douglas MD-11 jetliner) that were supporting military personnel transportation requirements. Alexandria International Airport is owned by the England Economic and Industrial Development District (England Authority). Jon Grafton is the Executive Director of the England Authority and Scott Gammel is the Airport Manager. The England Authority has ten members of the Board of Commissioners. William Barron is the chairman of the board of Commissioners. Brady Baudin is the vice-chairman and Bart Jones is the Secretary/Treasurer. The other members of the Board include: Richard Bushnell, Dennis Frazier, Curman Gains, Scott Linzay, Nacy Stich, and Charlie Weems. Alexandria International Airport and the England Authority are implementing a Neighborhood Noise Mitigation Program, with funding from the Federal Aviation Administration’s Airport Improvement Program and the Louisiana Department of Transportation. The Neighborhood Noise Mitigation Program includes residential and other noise sensitive buildings in areas surrounding the Airport. The program was approved by the FAA on August 14, 2007, as part of AEX’s Airport Noise Compatibility Program. The Noise Compatibility Program determined that eligible buildings should be prioritized to family residences, institutions, and community facilities. As of November 2010, the England Authority has received $21,000,000 from the FAA for their Noise Mitigation Program. The funding has been used for land acquisitions, relocation programs, and acoustical treatment programs. The Neighborhood Noise Mitigation Program is divided into two areas. The primary area includes the areas that are located where they are subjected to 70 DNL or greater. The secondary area includes areas that are located in areas that are subjected to 65 to 70 DNL. The areas affected were designated from the 2010 Part 150 Noise Study. There are three options that were approved for the primary areas. The first option is called the Property Acquisition and Relocation Assistance Program. The program was designed by the FAA to provide homeowners on a voluntary basis the opportunity to sell their property and move away from areas impacted by aircraft noise. The second option is called the Aviation Easement Acquisition Program. The program gives interested homeowners a single cash payment in exchange for providing the England Authority with a signed Aviation Easement document. The third option is an Acoustical Treatment Program. The Acoustical Treatment Program provides a range of acoustic modifications to participating homes. The program may include window and door modifications, wall and attic insulation, and ventilation modifications. All modifications done to the home through the program are free to the homeowner. Properties in the Secondary Area are eligible only for the Aviation Easement Acquisition and the Acoustical Treatment Programs. A sign at the heritage park, also known as Flying Tiger Heritage Park, reads: “A symbol of all airmen past, present, and future, the England Air Force Base Heritage Park is a proud reminder of the Air Force’s role in our nation’s military history. Each of the five aircraft displayed here valiantly contributed to the defense of our country. They are suspended in simulated flight as a permanent reminder of the courage, dedication, and sacrifice of the men and women who have served their country as members of the finest Air Force in the world.” The aircraft at the heritage park are described below, as seen at the park, from left to right (west to east; clockwise). </doc> <doc id="2338765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338765" title="Sherbrooke Hussars"> Sherbrooke Hussars The Sherbrooke Hussars is a Primary Reserve armoured regiment of the Canadian Forces and perpetuates the Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment of the Second World War. Early in the Second World War, the Sherbrooke Fusiliers Regiment was formed with men from Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke and the Sherbrooke Regiment. The community spirit favoured units formed by volunteers who would carry the honour of their hometown. Shortly after establishment, the spelling was changed to "Fusilier", as Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment. This singular form of the name is on the cap badge and shoulder title. Its Royal Canadian Armoured Corps lineage, battle honours and armoured traditions are perpetuated by the Sherbrooke Hussars through the Sherbrooke Regiment. Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke is an infantry regiment and shares the battle honours. Further evidence of the singular form of the regimental name is found on the metal cap badge, which consists of a flaming grenade and a banner with the motto in French. The motto and the bomb were borrowed from Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke. In the centre is a horse's head surrounded by the words "Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment". The horse was found on the family coat of arms of Sir John Coape Sherbrooke, namesake of the home city. The official Canadian Forces names must not be translated haphazardly. After GO 42/41 and GO 62/41, the name 'Fusiliers' changed from the plural to the singular 'Fusilier' form. Therefore, only during 1940 was the regimental name plural. Both the Sherbrooke Hussars and Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke share the Second World War battle honours of the 27th Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment). However, the Sherbrooke Hussars perpetuate the armoured corps lineage. The naming conventions of the Canadian Army can be confusing. Regular Force armoured and infantry units are not usually named for a location, because personnel are drawn from across the country. Artillery and engineer units are almost always numbered, but may carry a distinctive nickname. Reserve armoured and infantry units generally are named, and may have a number if it has historical significance. In wartime, units raised for the duration of the war tend to be numbered with a local name added for identity. During the Second World War, The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment was the 27th Armoured Regiment. The number 27 having no particular significance, and the unit was demobilized in 1946. That same year, the Sherbrooke Regiment was renamed the 12th Armoured Regiment (Sherbrooke Regiment). Again the number 12 meant nothing. Numbers 12 and 27 which had been associated with Sherbrooke units were issued to other units. In 1954, the Elgin Regiment, which was known as the 25th Armoured Delivery Regiment in the Second World War, and had coincidentally served in close cooperation with the Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment, was renamed the Elgin Regiment (27th Armoured Regiment). Why the number 25 was not reactivated is unknown. In 1968, only a few years after The Sherbrooke Hussars was formed with the merger of The Sherbrooke Regiment and the 7th/11th Hussars, itself numbered as the 16th, the number 12 was issued to the 12 Régiment blindé du Canada. The 12RBC was raised as a francophone Regular Force armoured regiment adopting the badge and customs of 12th Armoured Regiment (Three Rivers Regiment). The wartime Three Rivers Regiment was reconstituted in 1947 as the 24th Armoured Regiment (Three Rivers Regiment) as a reserve unit, and in 1968 assumed a new identity also as the 12RBC. The Sherbrooke Regiment was initially formed on 21 September 1866 in Melbourne, Quebec as the Sherbrooke Battalion of Infantry, becoming the 53rd (Sherbrooke) Battalion in 1867. The regiment perpetuates the Frontier Light Infantry as well as the 1st and 4th battalions of the Eastern Township District (1812-1815) from the War of 1812. As a result, the regiment carries the Theatre Battle Honour, Defence of Canada 1812-15, in recognition of the service rendered by the Frontier Light Infantry at the Battle of Lacolle Mills (1814). On 22 March 1867, it was reorganized as two separate battalions designated the 53rd Melbourne Battalion of Infantry and the 54th Sherbrooke Battalion of Infantry. It was redesignated as the 53rd Sherbrooke Battalion of Infantry on 10 May 1867 and then the 53rd Sherbrooke Regiment on 8 May 1900 The regiment provided volunteers for the 12th Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force in 1914. The following year, it provided men to the 117th (Eastern Townships) Battalion, CEF. After proceeding overseas the 117th was broken up to provide reinforcements for several other Canadian units serving France. In 1920, the Sherbrooke Regiment was reformed with two battalions – the 1st Battalion perpetuated the traditions of the 117th CEF. Following the Great War, the regiment was renamed The Sherbrooke Regiment on 29 March 1920 and re-roled as a machine gun battalion as The Sherbrooke Regiment (MG) on 15 December 1936 In 1940, parts of the regiment amalgamated with Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke to form the Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment (27th Canadian Armoured Regiment) which was an armoured regiment, while the Sherbrooke Regiment continued as infantry. After the end of the Second World War, The Sherbrooke Regiment re-roled as armour, becoming the 12th Armoured Regiment (Sherbrooke Regiment), perpetuating the traditions of the Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment. In 1958, the number was dropped, and the regiment became The Sherbrooke Regiment (RCAC). In 1965, it amalgamated with the 7th/XI Hussars to become The Sherbrooke Hussars. The 7th/XI Hussars was formed in 1936 through the amalgamation of the 7th Hussars and XI Hussars. In 1940, 400 of its men were mobilised as infantry with the 1st Battalion, Royal Rifles of Canada. It was redesignated the 2nd (Reserve) Regiment, 7th/11th Hussars on 27 February 1941. The regiment itself became the 16th (Reserve) Armoured Regiment, before being disbanded in 1943, with its personnel absorbed by the 5th Canadian Armoured Division. In 1946, the regiment was raised again, perpetuating the 16th Armoured Regiment, as 16th Reconnaissance Regiment (7th/XI Hussars), RCAC on 1 April 1946. It was redesignated the 7th/11th Hussars (16th Reconnaissance Regiment) on 4 February 1949. Converted to armour as the 7th/11th Hussars (16th Armoured Regiment) on 1 September 1954 and finally the 7th/11th Hussars on 19 May 1958. On 15 February 1965, it was amalgamated with The Sherbrooke Regiment (RCAC) to form the Sherbrooke Hussars. Details of the 53rd Sherbrooke Regiment were placed on active service for local protective duty on 6 August 1914. The 5th Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles, CEF was authorized on 7 November 1914 and embarked for Britain on 18 July 1915, arriving in France on 24 October 1915, where it fought as part of the 2nd Brigade Canadian Mounted Rifles until 3 January 1916. The Regiment was converted to infantry and became part of the 8th Infantry Brigade, 3rd Canadian Division. The regiment was redesignated the 5th Canadian Mounted Rifles Battalion, CEF on 24 December 1915. The battalion fought in France and Flanders until the end of the Great War and was disbanded on 30 August 1920. One of the most notable member of the regimental family was George Harold Baker, MP for Brome. Elected as a Conservative on 21 Sept 1911, in 1915 he raised the 5th Canadian Mounted Rifles, took them overseas and led them into action in France. He was killed in action at Ypres on 2 June 1916. LCol Baker is the only Member of Parliament to be killed in military action while serving as an MP. Previously, Mr. Baker was Lieutenant-Colonel of The 13th Scottish Light Dragoons. The other notable member of the regimental family was George Randolph Pearkes, VC. Major George Pearkes was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery at Passchendaele October 30–31, 1917. George Pearkes was born in England in 1883, and immigrated to Western Canada in 1906. He joined the Canadian Expeditionary Force during WW1, and joined 5CMR in September 1916. During the Battle of Passchendaele, despite a leg wound, he led some of his men through heavy enemy fire across open ground to capture a strategically located farm. For more than a day, they fought off numerous counter-attacks. He served again during the Second World War, was later a federal cabinet minister and the Lieutenant-Governor of British Columbia. The 117th (Eastern Townships) Battalion, CEF, which was authorized on 22 December 1915 (began recruiting on 5 November) as the 117th Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force and embarked for Britain on 14 August 1916. It provided reinforcements for units in the field until 8 January 1917 when its personnel were absorbed by the 23rd Reserve Battalion, CEF, with the battalion being disbanded on 30 August 1920. The Sherbrooke Regiment mobilized the No. 1 General Base Depot, Canadian Active Service Force, on 1 September 1939, which embarked for Britain on 25 January 1940 where it provided guards for vulnerable points until disbanded on 6 July 1940. The city-based regiment then, in conjunction with Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke, mobilized The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment, CASF, for active service on 24 May 1940. In later years, a well-regarded senior officer described the Fusiliers in those years as perhaps the most unusual regiment in the army. While it later became entirely English-speaking, at that time it had French-speaking Catholics in two companies and English-speaking Protestants in the other two. The adjutant was Jewish. The commander couldn’t speak French while at least one of the senior officers couldn’t speak English. It was redesignated as the "1st Battalion, The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment, CASF", on 7 November 1940, then as the "1st Battalion, The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment, CASF", on 15 November 1940 and upon conversion to an armoured regiment, as the "27th Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment), CAC, CASF", on 26 January 1942 and "27th Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment), RCAC, CASF" on 2 August 1945. In the case of the overseas unit 'Fusilier' is always in the singular. The regiment served overseas initially in Newfoundland from 13 August 1941 to 15 February 1942, and embarked for Britain on 27 October 1942. After selection as a tank regiment, The "Sherbrookes" as they called themselves became part of the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade. Rather than detail all other units raised in the Sherbrooke area, it is worth highlighting the 2nd (Reserve) Battalion, The Sherbrooke Regiment' which was designated on 7 November 1940. Across Canada, Non-Permanent Active Militia units formed a recruiting base and community focus. For example, during the Great War (1914-1918) replacement soldiers were formed into new battalions for the front. LCol Bertram Dawson Lyon (1905-1986) was already a long-serving Militia officer when he was named Commanding Officer in 1943. Typical of the expectations of the community, he supported his family through his business and also served in the Militia. When war broke out, he volunteered for active service with the Sherbrooke Regiment, and shipped out for England with the 27th Armoured. He was seriously injured in training in 1942, and repatriated to Canada as unfit for duty. However, his experience was put to use as Commanding Officer of the 2nd (Reserve) Battalion from 1943 to 1946. Lieutenant-Colonel Melville "Mel" Burgoyne Kennedy Gordon (1905–1974) was commanding officer from 1943 to 1945. He graduated from the University of Toronto in 1926, and was in their Canadian Officers Training Corps from 1922 to 1924. He was commissioned as a lieutenant to the Governor General's Body Guard in 1924, where he served until 1928. That year he changed affiliation to the Princess Louise Dragoon Guards in Ottawa, where he rose to captain and major. From 1931 Gordon practised law in Ontario and Quebec, and returned to the legal profession after the war. In 1941 as a trained major, Gordon was posted to the 12th Armoured Regiment (Three Rivers Regiment) at Camp Borden, Ontario. He was officer commanding "B" Squadron in Canada and in England until January 1943. At that time, Gordon was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and given command of the 27th Armoured Regiment (Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment). A well-liked and respected leader, Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon led the regiment through training in preparation for the D-Day landings, then in combat through France, Belgium and the Netherlands. Gordon's regimental headquarters Sherman is noted in the regimental war diaries as the first tank into the liberated French town of Caen. He was immediately inducted to the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) in the field in Belgium. Uncharacteristic of most Canadian combat leaders, Gordon retained his command despite heavy losses, setbacks, and the challenges throughout the Northwest European campaign. In December 1945 and prior to demobilization, Gordon was promoted colonel. At some point after the war, he was promoted brigadier. From D-Day, when the Allies landed on the beaches of Normandy until the German unconditional surrender in May 1945, the First Canadian Army under General Harry Crerar fought in seven major battle campaigns. These included: the Normandy Landings, the capture of Caen, closing the Falaise Gap, clearing the coastal ports, clearing the Scheldt Estuary, invading the Rhineland and the liberation of the Netherlands. The narrative of D Day has been well recorded, but the subsequent battles tend to be underreported. The 27th Armoured Regiment (Sherbrooke Fusilier Regiment) (SFR), loaded their Landing Craft, Tank in Ostend, UK on 3 June. The regiment was equipped with waterproofed Sherman and Sherman Firefly tanks, pulling "Porpoise" sledges filled with supplies. After a 24hr weather pause, they landed to the west of Bernières-sur-Mer of Juno Beach just after noon on 6 June 1944 with the 9th Canadian Infantry Brigade (CIB). The SFR was their assigned tank force to exploit through the bridgehead created by the assault infantry and tanks of the 8th CIB. The beach was congested with other troops, and progress was slow getting inland to their assembly area near Beny-sur-Mer. One poignant casualty on D-Day was the regimental padre Capt WL Brown, who was ambushed delivering medical supplies by Jeep. With about 3hrs of daylight remaining and three companies of North Nova Scotias riding on their tanks, the SFR passed through the assault battalions’ forward lines and fought their way southward toward their preplanned D-Day objectives. The North Nova Scotia's reached Villons-les-Buissons by dusk and ran into more German resistance. When it was evident that their objectives were still about four miles beyond near Carpiquet, they formed all-around defences around La Mare for the night. Behind them the brigade was fighting bypassed German positions in the assembly area. Authie (7–8 June 1944) Starting from their exposed but advanced positions, on 7 June a force including all SFR squadrons pushed out in four prongs towards a cluster of villages south of Villons and Les Buissons, including Buron and Authie; A Sqn right, HQ and C Sqn centre, B Sqn left, and Recce Troop exploring the enemy's rear area. The advance-to-contact included tank-on-tank combat. The SFR lost several tanks including most of the Fireflies which were commanded by junior officers. A number of men were killed, wounded, missing and captured. Twenty-three Canadian prisoners including six SFR soldiers were killed by their captors at the Ardenne Abbey massacre. After the war, the German commander Brigadefuhrer Kurt Meyer was convicted of war crimes. The battle did not change the front substantially. However, this action and the next month of skirmishing blunted half an enemy division and prevented them from attacking into the beachhead. B Sqn started with fifteen tanks and ended with five, including "Bomb". The SFR and the North Nova Scotia Highlanders are the only Canadian units with the Authie battle honour. The advance to Caen renewed in early July 1944. To the West the Americans had cleared large areas of western Normandy and pushed out of their bridgeheads. Although the Canadian and British divisions were strong, the thick hedges of Normandy favoured the defenders, especially around Caen. If anything, the comparative stalemate kept the Germans from moving troops away from Caen. The battle of Orne began when the Canadians pushed out to the towns of Buron and Gruchy. Two SFR squadrons were attached to two battalion-strength infantry battlegroups. Once into the village of Buron, A Sqn's tanks helped the infantry fight house to house. The German defenders stubbornly fought to the last man rather than withdraw. On the afternoon of 7 July, the SFR and two British M10 self-propelled anti-tank gun troops destroyed 14 counterattacking tanks. By nightfall on the 8th, A Sqn's five remaining tanks had the high ground south of Buron. By 9 July the German defences outside Caen collapsed. The SFR CO himself (LtCol Mel Gordon) and his HQ were the first tanks into Caen. While somewhat anticlimactic compared to other battles, the assault crossing of the Orne River by SFR tanks provided hard-pressed infantry battalions with much needed close support as they struggled to secure the crossing in depth. Official war artist Major W.A. Ogilvie Will Ogilvie produced a dramatic panchromatic watercolour of the tanks, entitled, "Tanks of the 27th Canadian Armoured Regiment (The Sherbrooke Fusiliers Regiment) Cross the Orne Near Caen by Ferry, 19 July 1944". Modern-day researchers, writing in French, have identified numerous crossings pushed by Canadian engineers over the Orne River, including photo comparisons to the Ogilivie work. Faubourg de Vaucelles Operation Spring The Canadian infantry continued their fight clearing the Faubourg de Vaucelles suburb of Caen, south of the Orne River. Just as the SFR's tanks reinforced the infantry, the enemy's withdrawal allowed them to harden their defences, which could have been disastrous for the attackers. The battle turned when a strong British force hooked around behind the built-up area from the northeast and linked up with the Canadians. Bourguébus Ridge As high command pressure grew for bolder strategic gains, the Canadians were grouped into larger and larger manoeuver formations. Over two weeks’ of fighting in mid-July, Canadian infantry were thrown toward the small towns and dominating high features south of Caen. Available tank squadrons were paired with attacking battalions. The SFR's battles were between the Orne River and nearby Bourgébus Ridge. Across the division's frontage, Canadian casualties were very heavy. When the SFR was pulled back, A Sqn was down to six tanks and the other squadrons not much better. While the overall operation did not achieve all of its objectives, the Germans had had to contain aggressive attacks across a wide front and were left so badly weakened that the next battles were decisive. There is considerable debate regarding the killing of SS-Hauptsturmführer Michael Wittmann, known as the "Black Baron", and crew on 8 August 44 near Gaumesnil, France, as he tried to exploit a seam between British and Canadian formations. His Tiger I tank has been said to have been knocked out by a British Firefly tank or by a 75mm gun Sherman of the SFR. At the time no special importance was placed on the engagement; modern investigations and interviews suggest that Joe Ekins of 3 Troop, A Sqn, 1st Northamptonshire Yeomanry in a Sherman Vc Firefly was probably too far away from a recorded A Sqn SFR position in a walled farm compound which was about 300m broadside to the German platoon's axis of advance behind a low stone wall. The intensity of the breakout battles can be seen in the number of replacement vehicles that had to be brought forward. At the beginning of August the 27th Canadian Armoured Regiment had 63 fit Sherman 75mm and Firefly 17-Pounder tanks. In the next two-and-a-half weeks, 23 were lost or damaged by enemy action, and half of those were repairable. Thirteen more were out of action for 2nd line maintenance, or work that was beyond the immediate capability of the unit's mechanics or facilities. Two were in 1st line maintenance, or temporarily out of the line for manageable repairs. Thirteen replacement tanks were received, either newly arrived from stocks in UK or repaired from battlefield salvage. Therefore on 18 August, the SFR could field 38 fit tanks not including the two at the regimental Light Aid Detachment (LAD) on two-days availability. Though not a perfect count, this was enough to theoretically field three squadrons of four troops. Each troop could field three tanks each, plus four for the headquarters squadron. Other regiments involved in heavy combat equally received large numbers of replacement tanks in short order. While the British and Canadians were holding the enemy in the east of the Normandy bridgehead, the Americans were able to break through German lines in the west. Meanwhile, the Germans started moving in another Army Group and redeployed others to attack the Americans. Seeing an opportunity to entrap the enemy, the Canadians were ordered to relentlessly drive south. Clair Tizon was a series of infantry and tank engagements to capture bridges south of Caen. The Liaison was another series of battles to clear a long narrow river valley. Falaise was the bigger battle to close off two trapped German armies. After reviewing the last two months of fighting, the commander of II Canadian Corps, Lieutenant General Guy Simonds decided that to keep the enemy off balance, he needed to leapfrog German lines with half-squadrons of tanks, mechanized engineers, self-propelled artillery and infantry in armoured personnel carriers, grouped into fighting columns. Although highly classified in wartime, the Allies also had the German plans because of Top Secret intercepted signals decoded with ULTRA Column after column of Canadians fought day after day to wear down the German defences. Nearby Polish and British divisions pressed hard. The Americans formed a big hook that trapped the Germans in the Falaise Pocket. Two SFR squadrons and their battalions actually entered the town of Falaise on 16 August. By 21 August, SFR tanks and infantry of the Lincoln and Welland Regiment, closed one of the last routes in or out of the pocket near Hill 258 northeast of Trun, near Les Champeaux. Nearly fifty thousand Germans were killed, wounded or captured. The battle of Normandy was over, but the pursuit of retreating Germans had just begun. Operation Kitten, Operation Paddle The closure of the Falaise Gap brought dramatic enemy capture and destroyed numbers, but the enemy was far from defeated. Their rearguard operations slowed the SFR and the various ever-changing brigades and regiments it supported. In the weeks that followed, the SFR refitted with replacement tanks and crews, worked on lessons learned, and halted when ordered due to fuel shortages. Antwerp-Tournout, Belgium (September and October 1944) As the Germans retreated from France into Belgium and the Netherlands, Allied supply lines became longer. The port of Antwerp was needed by the Allies to improve their logistics challenges, but the approaches to Antwerp were still controlled by the Germans. The first step in a four-part battle was to clear the area north of Antwerp and secure access to South Beveland. The SFR was attached to the I British Corps, with individual squadrons supporting different British infantry brigades' attacks. Initially daily advances gained bridges and valuable ground between the dominating canals. The operations were distinctive for the large numbers of disorganized prisoners taken while suffering limited friendly casualties. Despite the teamwork of the British, Polish and Canadians to clear the banks of the Scheldt, the enemy consolidated their resistance along the only axis available. The fighting was fierce. The well-entrenched German forces made it difficult for the Allied Forces to advance. The Scheldt (October and November 1944) Operation Switchback, Operation Vitality, and Operation Infatuate Following the comparatively conventional battle for Antwerp, the action to clear the Scheldt Estuary was anything but simple. Canadian and British forces, mostly infantry supported by artillery, and direct fire from tanks, struggled across terrible conditions to clear German defenders little by little from the shores and islands between Antwerp and the North Sea. It was one of the most distressing periods for the Canadian Army in WW2. The Lower Maas Through November and December after the intense actions to clear the Scheldt, the Canadians were ordered to move to a comparatively quiet sector held by the American 82nd Airborne and replace a British Guards regiment, which gave the SFR time to rest and receive training on new techniques. The front was still active, but generally static due to badly damaged roads, large flooded areas, and winter conditions. Throughout January and February 1945, the whole regiment or individual squadrons were moved around the 2nd and 3rd Canadian Infantry Division areas, and were often assigned direct and indirect fire tasks against enemy positions. In early January 1945, LtCol Gordon left the SFR in early Jan 45 and LtCol FT Jenner assumed command for the balance of the war. The Rhineland and the Hochwald (February – March 1945) Operation Veritable As late winter arrived, significant Canadian forces, with attached British divisions mounted Operations Veritable and Blockbuster to push into heavily defended German territory. Once more, the SFR was parceled out to attacking brigades and regiments to fight the infantry onto their objectives. Mobility was hindered by sodden terrain, heavy forest, well-fortified defences and highly motivated defenders. With the general disappearance of enemy armour and more conventional tank fighting, the SFR’s role was characterized by shock and firepower for the infantry, whose progress was regularly aided by Kangaroo APCs, flail minesweeping tanks, and flame-throwing tanks. Lesson learned from the costly Normandy campaigns. Xanten (February - March 1945) Operation Blockbuster As winter ended, the First Canadian Army intensified the drive to overwhelm and defeat the Germans, starting with pushing them out of the area between the Maas River to the West and Rhine River to the North and against the Ninth US Army to the South. The opening attack of Operation Blockbuster saw the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade including the SFR and Fort Garry Horse, with infantry battalions from the 6th Canadian Infantry Brigade riding on the tanks or in Kangaroo APCs, attacking fiercely defending German positions. The last objective Xanten, was achieved in early March after fighting which the official histories described as the most grim and grueling of the war. The Rhine Liberation of Arnhem The Rhine River was both a physical obstacle for the advancing Allied armies, but a psychological barrier for the defending Germans. By establishing themselves on the eastern side of the Rhine, the Allies proved that they could control German territory and defeat the Third Reich. Emmerich-Hoch Elten (March – April 1945) Working from a previously earned Canadian bridgehead, squadrons of the SFR supported Canadian infantry clearing the German town of Emmerich on the eastern shores of the Rhine River. Even though this was a significant point of resistance for the Germans, the Canadians were well-practiced in their roles by this point in the war, and what might have been a weeks long set piece battle in Normandy was completed within days. Hoch Elten is a local high feature which was strongly defended, but overtaken. Zutphen (April 1945) Once more, the SFR was dispatched to support attacking Canadian infantry battalions clearing resilient defenders. Often carrying the foot soldiers on the tanks, the SFR provided direct and indirect fire against the enemy. As each obstacle was encountered, the close fighting relationships between tank troops and squadrons, A Squadron in particular, with particular battalions saw enemy positions destroyed or forced their retreat. Zutphen was notable for the close cooperation between pioneers and tankers to create small water crossings which were then successfully exploited. The Zutphen battle honour was given to six infantry regiments and a reconnaissance unit, but the only armoured unit recipient was the SFR. Deventer (April 1945) Despite feelings that the war had been won, the enemy still showed resilience. The Dutch town of Deventer was still stoutly defended. Canadian infantry and a handful of SFR tanks from B Squadron engaged the enemy who quickly fled. Although this was the last battle honour awarded the SFR, the remainder of April and May saw sharp enemy defensive actions and Canadian dashes to seize territory, with the associated drain on lives, men and material. North-West Europe 1944-1945, LtCol S. Radley-Walters assumed command in July 1945. The Regiment was disbanded on 15 February 1946. The most important regimental artifact is "Bomb", a Sherman III tank (British Commonwealth designation of the M4A2 Sherman), War Department registration T152656, serial number 8007, built by Fisher as build number 898. This tank survived from D-Day to VE-Day without being knocked out, an improbable achievement given the high casualty rate amongst front line combat equipment. "Bomb" crew, originally Troopers A.W. Rudolph, "Red" Fletcher, J.W. (Tiny) Hall, Lance-Corporal R. (Rudy) Moreault and Sergeant Harold Futter, crew commander, kept the tank in service, firing over 6,000 rounds and surviving at least one shell impact. Futter was wounded in July 1944; he and one other man were replaced in Normandy by Lieutenant Paul Ayriss and Trooper Ken Jeroux. Lieutenant J.W. Neill replaced Ayriss in August 1944, and was later awarded the Military Cross. Two more officers to command "Bomb" were Lieutenant Walter White, who was wounded in April 1945, and Lieutenant Earnest Mingo, who replaced him until the war's end. "Bomb" was on display at the Champs de Mars Park, Queen Boulevard North, Sherbrooke, Quebec. In 2003, it received expert refinishing and repainting in a two-week-long technical visit by Canadian Forces maintainers from CFB Valcarter. Nevertheless, by 2011 that work had deteriorated, and "Bomb" was removed from her plinth. Extensive cleaning and repainting with the correct markings was completed at 202 Workshop Depot in Longue-Pointe Garrison, and in September 2011 "Bomb" was relocated to the front lawns of the William Street Armoury in Quebec. Few tanks are film stars. "Bomb" was the subject of a Canadian Army Film and Photographic Unit production entitled "Green Fields Beyond" (number 2090) in 1945. The script starts in England as the crew receives their M4A4 Sherman tank and christen it "Bomb" at the Sun Inn pub. The tank is waterproofed for D-Day, loaded onto Landing Craft, and personal effects (letters, pay books, memorabilia and valuables) collected for security reasons. The film includes footage Sergeant Bill Grant of the Canadian Film and Photographic Unit of the first wave landing at Bernieres-sur-Mer and Courseulles-sur-Mer. Additional footage portrays the landings, the bridgehead, fighting, a medal's presentation by Montgomery, resting, the arrival of replacement crew members, captured enemy, artillery fire, and moving vehicles. There is action footage of the Sherbrookes fighting at Falaise in August, Calcar in February, and into liberated Netherlands. Two stand out scenes are maps showing the line of advance through France, Belgium, and in the Netherlands superimposed over actions, and "Bomb" turned-in but arriving at the Port of Halifax with the disembarking troops. In July 1940, the 7th/11th Hussars contributed about half its officers and men to The Royal Rifles of Canada which fought in Hong Kong. From the elements not sent overseas, an armoured squadron was mobilized as the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade Headquarters Squadron (7th/11th Hussars) CASF on 27 February 1941. It departed Canada for the United Kingdom on 9 October 1941, however it was disbanded effective 1 January 1943 and personnel were absorbed by Headquarters, 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade. The history of The Sherbrooke Hussars from 1965 to present has been distinguished by success by surviving. The Canadian Army doctrine changed in the 1950s from mobilizing units in Canada for overseas service, to maintaining standing forces in Europe. As a NATO Charter signatory, Canada's focus was to support first the 27th Infantry Brigade in Germany and later 4th Canadian Mechanized Brigade. The role of reserve units changed to training individual soldiers to augment the regular force. Throughout the period members of The Sherbrooke Hussars deployed on Exercise REFORGER 'call-outs' to Germany, including a formed Jeep light armoured reconnaissance troop attached to the 8th Canadian Hussars. Other operational deployment included United Nations missions in Middle East UNEF and UNDOF as support trades, such as drivers, Cyprus UNFICYP as peacekeepers, and extensively in the Former Yugoslavia UNPROFOR. A member of the regiment, Corporal David Galvin, attached to 12 RBC, was killed when his Cougar armoured car rolled over on 29 November 1993. Several members of the regiment served in Afghanistan, including at least one soldier who was wounded by an improvised explosive device. Although individual contributions were significant, the regiment did not meet the detailed criteria for the Afghanistan theatre honours. Elsewhere, personnel served in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake. Reserve units in Canada face constant challenges of personnel attraction and retention. Often an employer will be reluctant to allow a reservist to leave their job to attend extended training courses or an operational deployment. One effort to reward cooperative employers has been through public recognition through the Canadian Forces Liaison Council. In 2005, the Most Supportive Employer in Quebec was the federal Department of Citizenship and Immigration on behalf of their employee, Captain Simon Hallé of the Sherbrooke Hussars. National Defence budgets have always set the tone for training and recruiting tempo. For example, in April 2010, both the Sherbrooke Hussars and les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke were required to reduce their operating funds by 40% in the middle of their training year. The Sherbrooke Hussars has used a variety of operational vehicles, including the M4A3E8 Sherman tank (retired in 1963), the Cougar AVGP (Armoured Vehicle General Purpose), the M135 -ton Cargo ("Deuce and a Half"), the Dodge M37 -ton truck, the M38A1 -ton truck, the M151A2 -ton truck, the M35 series -ton 6×6 cargo truck known as the MLVW, various Canadian-produced 1-ton Dodge and -ton GM commercial vehicles Commercial Utility Cargo Vehicle, and the Volkswagen Iltis -ton truck. The current service vehicle is the Mercedes G-Wagen -ton truck. Since fall 2017, the transition to a new vehicle as begun, the TAPV, 18-ton Textron Tactical Armoured Patrol Vehicle. The question of maintenance on the William Street Armoury was asked of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau during his town-hall visits in January 2017. In mid-February, the MP for Sherbrooke, Pierre-Luc Dusseault NDP sent a letter to the Minister of National Defence defending the institution of both armouries in Sherbrooke as historic buildings deserving of conservation, and signaling that the William Street Armoury is the one apparently in the poorest state of repair. The outgoing Commanding Officer LCol L-B Dutil stated that moving the four regiments to the Belvedere Street Armoury was unlikely proceed, "With the growth of the reserves, with the new vehicles that have arrived, and with other factors, it means that this option may not be the best, ... (translated from French)." He also mentioned a visit in December 2017 by the Minister of National Defence who acknowledged rushing a decision was not in anyone's interests. Battle honours in small capitals are for large operations and campaigns and those in lowercase are for more specific battles. Bold type indicates honours authorized to be emblazoned on the regimental guidon. Frontier Light Infantry and 1st and 4th battalions of the Eastern Township District (1812-1815) 5th Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles, CEF is perpetuated by The Sherbrooke Hussars, through the 7th/11th Hussars 117th (Eastern Townships) Battalion, CEF is perpetuated by The Sherbrooke Hussars. 163rd Battalion (French-Canadian), CEF is perpetuated by Les Fusiliers de Sherbrooke. The guidon of The Sherbrooke Hussars has, at its centre bottom, the device of the Royal Rifles of Canada to denote the honorary distinction battle honour for Hong Kong. Honorary colonels Honorary lieutenant-colonels The Frontier Light Infantry 1st and 4th battalions of the Eastern Township District (1812-1815) 5th Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles, CEF 117th (Eastern Townships) Battalion, CEF Commanding officers Regimental sergeant majors Including post-war service: Second World War Gallantry Awards:, Officers Rank / Surname / Names / Decoration / Immediate Or Periodic / Date Other Ranks Rank / Surname / Names / Decoration / Immediate Or Periodic / Date Immediate award for a specific act of gallantry. Periodic Award. Not for a specific act, but can encompass gallant behavior over a period of time or noteworthy service. Modern era Notables: Sixth of 18 Canadian reserve armoured regiments. </doc> <doc id="2338771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338771" title="Zubin Varla"> Zubin Varla Zubin Varla (born 1970) is a British actor and singer. He played the role of Judas in the 1996 West End revival of "Jesus Christ Superstar", alongside Steve Balsamo (Jesus), Joanna Ampil (Mary Magdalene), and David Burt (Pilate). This production was staged at Lyceum Theatre, and was recorded in a full-length CD. Varla was trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and has also performed in West End productions of "Cyrano de Bergerac" and "Julius Caesar". He initiated the role of Saleem in the first written-for-stage production of "Midnight's Children" at London's Barbican Theatre in 2001-2. He starred as Frederick Trumper in the 2001 Danish Tour of the musical "Chess" and, along with fellow cast members, made the only complete recording of the score, the CD of which is now unavailable. He played Daniel Doyce in the BBC TV adaptation of Charles Dickens' "Little Dorrit" in October 2008. In 2009, he starred in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night as Feste alongside Derek Jacobi. In 2010, he appeared in "I, Claudius" as Herod Agrippa. In 2013 Varla featured as Leo Kamali in the 4th season of Strike Back. In 2013 Varla portrayed Gustav Mahler in a performance with London Arts Orchestra In 2014 he featured in 5 episodes of The BBC's production Our Girl as Qaseem. In 2018 he played Bruce in the off West End production of Fun Home (musical) at the Young Vic </doc> <doc id="2338774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338774" title="Marian Tumler"> Marian Tumler Marian Tumler (21 October 1887 – 18 November 1987) was an Austrian theologian who served as the 62nd Grand Master of the Teutonic Order from 1948–1970. He was born in Schlanders (now South Tyrol) in what was then the Tyrol and died in Vienna. </doc> <doc id="2338776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338776" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas"> Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas covers the Eleventh Federal Reserve District, which includes Texas, northern Louisiana and southern New Mexico, a district sometimes referred to as the Oil Patch. The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is one of 12 regional Reserve Banks that, along with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the nation's central bank. The Dallas Fed is the only one where all external branches reside in the same state (although the region itself includes northern Louisiana as well as southern New Mexico). The Dallas Fed has branch offices in El Paso, Houston, and San Antonio. The Dallas bank is located at 2200 Pearl St. in the Uptown neighborhood of Oak Lawn, just north of downtown Dallas and the Dallas Arts District. Prior to 1992, the bank was located at 400 S. Akard Street, in the Government District in Downtown Dallas. The older Dallas Fed building, which opened in 1921, was built in the Beaux-arts style, with large limestone structure with massive carved eagles and additional significant detailing; it is a City of Dallas Designated Landmark structure. The current Dallas Fed building, opened in September 1992, was designed by three architectural firms: Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates, New York; Sikes Jennings Kelly & Brewer, Houston; and John S. Chase, FAIA, Dallas and Houston, Dallas-based Austin Commercial Inc. served as project manager and general contractor. The following people serve on the Board of Directors : Elected by member banks to represent member banks Elected by member banks to represent the public Appointed by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors to represent the public Dallas was selected in 1914 to be the headquarters of the Eleventh District, in a somewhat surprising move. Originally, New Orleans was considered the favorite; however, while both cities had similarly sized banking operations, Dallas' activity had increased significantly while New Orleans' remained relatively flat, and therefore Dallas was chosen. The Dallas Fed is the nation's central processor for Treasury coupons and manages the national Electronic Transfer Account program, processes checks for federal benefit recipients. The Dallas Fed also focused on research dealing with maquiladoras and other U.S.-Mexico border economics. The president is Robert Steven Kaplan, who replaced Richard W. Fisher in September 2015. </doc> <doc id="2338780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338780" title="Girl's Mind"> Girl's Mind Girl's Mind is the first greatest hits album and final major release by Swedish girl group Play, before the band confirmed that they would split up for an indefinite break five months after this release in an official statement in September 2005. "Girl's Mind" consists of ten, three single releases and seven of the group's best known album songs, previously released on their three first studio albums, excluding the content of their holiday studio album "Play Around the Christmas Tree". The first three songs are from their debut album "Us Against the World", six songs from their second studio album "Replay" and finally the song "Another Love Story" from their third studio album "Don't Stop the Music". The album features the three single releases "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me" featuring guest vocals of Chris Trousdale, the hit "Us Against the World" and "I Must Not Chase the Boys". Although being released in 2005, when replacement Janet Leon was part of the group, the album cover features a picture of the original line-up. "Girl's Mind" is the final Play major release, before the band confirmed that they would split up for an indefinite break five months after this release in an official statement in September 2005. In 2006, "Another Love Story" was featured in Dead or Alive Xtreme 2, for the Xbox 360. </doc> <doc id="2338784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338784" title="Trey Songz"> Trey Songz Tremaine Aldon Neverson (born November 28, 1984), known professionally as Trey Songz, is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and actor. His debut album, "I Gotta Make It", was released in 2005 through Atlantic Records. His follow-up album, "Trey Day", spawned his first top 20 single, "Can't Help but Wait". Songz released his third album "Ready" in 2009 and a single from the album, "Say Aah", peaked at No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 making it Songz's first top 10 hit. "Ready" was nominated for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 2008 Grammy Awards. The following year saw Songz's highest charting song to date, "Bottoms Up" featuring rapper Nicki Minaj from his fourth studio album, "Passion, Pain & Pleasure". In 2012, Songz released his first number one album, "Chapter V", which debuted atop the "Billboard" 200. The album's lead single titled "Heart Attack" was nominated for Best R&B Song at the 2013 Grammy Awards. Following that Songz released his sixth studio album, "Trigga" in 2014, promoted by the top 40 songs, "Na Na" and "Slow Motion". He has sold over 25 million records worldwide in singles and albums. Tremaine Aldon Neverson was born on November 28, 1984, in Petersburg, Virginia. He is the son of April (Gholson) Tucker, who was seventeen when he was born, and Claude Neverson Jr. Raised as a military brat by his mother and stepfather, Songz did not have aspirations for a musical career as a child due to his shyness, saying "Singing wasn't a reality for me, until other people started noticing I sounded good." He recognized his vocal abilities at the age of 14. Reluctant to sing, he began performing with encouragement by friends and family in high school. Record producer Troy Taylor was introduced to Songz through Songz's step-father with whom Taylor attended High School, ultimately leading to Songz signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 2003. After graduating from Petersburg High School in 2002, Songz moved to New Jersey to begin recording his debut album, though recording did not actually begin until 2003. While recording his debut album in 2004, Songz released multiple mixtapes under the alias "Prince of Virginia". One of the mixtapes featured an "answer track" to R. Kelly's "Trapped in the Closet", entitled "Open the Closet". The song gave Songz some notoriety. His debut album, "I Gotta Make It" was released on July 26, 2005. It debuted at #20 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 40,000 copies in its first week of sales. It has sold 300,000 records in the US. Songz's debut single, "Gotta Make It", featuring Twista, was released in March 2005 and reached #87 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #21 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. It garnered success in the R&B/urban community but failed to make a mark in mainstream music. The album's second and final single, "Gotta Go", was released in July 2005 and reached #67 on the Hot 100 and #11 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming even more successful than his debut single in the R&B/urban community and in the mainstream community. After promotion for his debut concluded, he was featured on the lead single from Twista's fifth album, "The Day After". The single, "Girl Tonite", reached #14 on the Hot 100 and #3 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming a huge hit. In mid-2006, Songz began work on a follow-up album to his debut with longtime collaborator Troy Taylor and also employed successful Bryan-Michael Cox, Danja, Stargate and R. Kelly to help create the album. Trey aimed for the album to be more mainstream-oriented than his debut album. His second studio album, "Trey Day", was released on October 2, 2007. The album reached #11 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 73,000 copies in its first week. It has since sold 400,000 records in the US, becoming his second album not to be certified by the RIAA. The album was going to be released on May 8, 2007, but was continually delayed in order for a successful single to precede the album, as the lead single failed to impact charts. His second album was preceded by the lead single, "Wonder Woman", which was released in February 2007. It reached #54 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, but failed to impact the Hot 100. Because of the single's failure, his second album was delayed from May 2007 to October 2007. The album's second single, "Can't Help but Wait", was released in August 2007 and was released to promote his second album and the film "Step Up 2 the Streets" soundtrack as a single for it. The single reached #14 on the Hot 100, and #2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It became Songz's first Top 20 hit on the Hot 100, and helped to boost his second album's sales. The single was also nominated for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 2008 50th Grammy Awards. The third single from the album, "Last Time", was released in January 2008 and reached #69 on the Hot 100, and #9 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The fourth and final single from the album, "Missin' You", was released in May 2008, but failed to chart completely. In mid-2008, Songz was nominated for a BET Award for Best Male R&B Artist but did not win the award. In 2008, Trey began work on his third studio album with Bryan-Michael Cox, Sean Garrett, Stargate and Troy Taylor and aimed for the record to be more mature than his first two. Before releasing his third album, Songz released a mixtape titled "Anticipation" in June 2009 through his blog, which featured songs from his third album. Another mixtape from Trey was released in the summer of 2009, called "Genesis". "Genesis" was a collection of Trey Songz's first recordings when he was fifteen years old and was released to show his fans the dedication that he had to making a record when he was young. Trey released his third studio album, "Ready", on August 31, 2009. The album reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 131,000 copies in its first week. These are his best first week sales to date and the album was his first to reach the Top 10 on the Billboard 200. The album has since sold over 1,000,000 records in the US, earning a Platinum certification from the RIAA in June 2014, becoming his first Platinum album. The lead single from the album, "I Need a Girl", was released in April 2009 and reached #5 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop songs chart and #59 on the Hot 100, becoming an R&B/urban hit but not a mainstream hit. A promotional single, "Successful", featuring rapper Drake, was released in June 2009 and reached #17 on the Hot 100, becoming Songz's third Top 20 hit. The single also served as the second and final single from Drake's EP, "So Far Gone". The second official single from his third album, "LOL Smiley Face", featuring Soulja Boy Tell 'Em and Gucci Mane, was released in August 2009 and reached #51 on the Hot 100 and #12 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The third single from the album, "I Invented Sex", featuring Drake, was released in October 2009 and reached #42 on the Hot 100 but #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, becoming his first single to top that chart. Like the first two singles from the album, it achieved success in the R&B/urban community but only some mainstream success. Charted within the "Billboard" Hot 100, and topped the R&B chart. The fourth single from the album, "Say Aah", featuring rapper Fabolous, was released in January 2010 and reached #9 on the Hot 100 and #3 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. The single has become Trey's highest charting single on the Hot 100 and one of his most successful singles on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. He also collaborated with R&B singer Amerie on her song "Pretty Brown", the third single from her fourth album, "In Love & War". The fifth and final single from the album, "Neighbors Know My Name", was released in February 2010 and reached #43 on the Hot 100 and #4 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. A sixth single, "Yo Side of the Bed", was going to be released in June 2010, but its release was canceled due to unknown reasons. A music video, featuring singer Keri Hilson, was filmed and released, however. Songz was also the opening act for Jay-Z on his Jay-Z Fall Tour in late 2009. The album was nominated for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010, but lost to Beyoncé's "I Am... Sasha Fierce". On April 1, 2010, he recorded an episode of MTV Unplugged, which aired on April 26, 2010. A documentary-series about Trey, "Trey Songz: My Moment", began in June 2010 to positive reviews and high ratings. The 10-part series will end in August 2010 and follows Trey during his time as opening act on Jay-Z's Jay-Z Fall Tour in late 2009. Songz's fourth studio album, "Passion, Pain & Pleasure", was released on September 14, 2010. Trey began work on the album in early 2010 with Sean Garrett, Troy Taylor and Stargate and has stated that the album will be his most personal to date and was completed in July 2010. The album's lead single, "Bottoms Up", featuring female rapper Nicki Minaj, was released on July 27, 2010 and has reached number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, becoming his biggest hit to date. The single has since been certified 3x Platinum. "Can't Be Friends" was released as the album's second single in August 2010. Songz embarked on the "Passion, Pain & Pleasure Tour" on August 6, 2010 with singer Monica. The tour is his first headlining tour to date and consists of shows in venues that seat 3,000 to 5,000 people. Songz also contributed the song "Already Taken" to the "Step Up 3D" soundtrack, which was released on July 27, 2010. He filmed a video for the song, which was released in July 2010. The leading lady in the video is former girlfriend and professional dancer Helen Gedlu. Songz appeared at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010. Songz performed at BET Awards 2011 which broadcast on June 26, 2011. On August 18, 2011, it was announced Songz will be working on his fifth studio album titled "Chapter V". In an interview Trey said the album, which will act as the follow-up to "Passion, Pain & Pleasure", is said to be nearing completion. He also carried on to say "It’s my sixth year in the game so I’ve been here for a while now. You can expect the best me you’ve ever heard. I don’t have any release dates in mind right now but I’m just making music and enjoying myself in the studio and having fun. When I get to a place where I feel comfortable saying a date or all of that, people will definitely know. I have a few dream collaborations on that album that I want, but they say if you blow out your candle and make a wish you can’t tell people what you ask for or it won’t come true". On November 28, 2011, on his birthday, Songz released his "Inevitable" EP to prepare for the release of his album. The EP opened with first week sales of 27,000 landing it at No. 23 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 4 on "Billboard"'s Top Hip-Hop R&B Albums chart. As of October 18, 2012 the EP has sold 91,000 copies in the United States. In February 2012, Songz will embark on his Anticipation 2our to promote his mixtape "Anticipation 2" and to raise awareness of his new album. In July 2011, he was cast in "Texas Chainsaw 3D" as Ryan, the male lead role. The film was released on January 4, 2013. "Chapter V" was released on August 21, 2012, by Atlantic Records, and on August 17 as a digital download. Trey Songz toured in promotion of the album on his Anticipation 2our, a tour spanning from February 9 to March 11, 2012, in North America. Rapper Big Sean was the tour's supporting act. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, with first week sales of 135,000 copies. It was Songz' first album to top the chart."Chapter V" was also Songz' first album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart. As of October 3, 2012, the album has sold 238,400 copies in the US, according to Nielsen SoundScan. The album's lead single, "Heart Attack", was released as a digital download on March 26, 2012. It charted at number 35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and number 28 on the UK Singles Chart. Its music video was released on May 4 and featured then girlfriend Kelly Rowland playing Songz' love interest. The second single "2 Reasons" was released on June 12. Its video was premiered on June 12 by BET's "106 & Park". "Simply Amazing" was released in the United Kingdom on August 12. It charted at number eight in the UK. Its music video, directed by Justin Francis, was released on July 23. "Never Again" was released as a single in the UK in November. Its music video was released on November 21. On June 20, 2013, in a radio interview with KS 107.5, Songz confirmed that he had already recorded about eight songs for his sixth studio album. On Christmas Day, Songz released the song titled "Na Na" on "The Angel Network". In February 2014, Songz released another track featuring Young Jeezy called "Ordinary" and he was also featured on the remix to Mariah Carey's single, "You're Mine (Eternal)". In March 2014, Songz released the second single of his album called "SmartPhones". On April 1, 2014, 50 Cent released a single featuring Songz, titled "Smoke", from his fifth studio album "Animal Ambition". On July 1, 2014, Trey Songz released his sixth album "Trigga" and it debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 with first-week sales of 105,000 copies. On May 18, 2015, Songz digitally released the full-length album "Intermission I & II". Half of the tracks on the album were previously available on the "Intermission" EP, which was released on April 14, 2015. "Tremaine The Album" was released on March 24, 2017, three years after his last LP. This album is based on his given name, Tremaine Aldon Neverson.The LP is made up of 15 songs and the lone feature comes from fellow Virginia artist and frequent collaborator MIKExANGEL on “Games We Play.” Songz’s music is generally R&B, and occasionally displays his ability to blend with Hip-hop while still maintaining a production of songs that evoke emotions and vary in subject matters that revolve around the appreciation of women, stimulation of club rave-ups, Fandy of lust and chronicling the highs and lows of love and relationships. Songz’s musical influences include Luther Vandross, Prince, R. Kelly and Usher. The Grammy nominated "Chapter V" most notably demonstrates his versatility, vocal range, lyricism and melodic girth as he expresses his eternal love for his woman through singles such as “Simply Amazing” with “Heart Attack” showcasing his vulnerable side that discusses trials and tribulations of love and heartache. “Ladies Go Wild” is a dance-friendly track that stems from his experiences of his international nightlife and travels. The “Hail Mary” track balances sensuality against grittiness and likens the pleasures of a woman to a ‘hail mary’ football throw, while “Without A Woman” exemplifies his appreciation for women over a classic 1970s R&B sound. Moreover, “Check Me Out” effortlessly combines Trey’s rap flow and melodic skills, in extension to “Dive In” which is considered to be his most signature-sounding record that uses suave wordplay to compare his pending conquest of a woman's body to taking a dive in the pool. Songz describes his albums as work “that will take you many places, emotionally and sensually.” In December 2016, Songz was arrested and charged with aggravated assault, and assaulting a police officer causing injury, following a performance at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit. The singer is alleged to have "began throwing objects after the venue cut his concert short due to an 11:30 pm curfew" and to have "struck an officer with his fist". On August 18, 2017, Songz pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months of probation, and will be required to complete anger management classes and pay restitution for the incident. On March 19, 2018, Songz was arrested and charged with felony domestic violence after allegedly punching a woman at a Los Angeles party and was released on a $50,000 bail. The felony domestic violence case has been rejected by the Los Angeles District Attorney because the singer’s attorney provided multiple witness statements to the Los Angeles Police Department contradicting the alleged victim's claim that Songz beat her and gave her a concussion at a Hollywood Hills party for NBA All-Star Weekend. On June 4, 2018, Songz was sued by a Detroit cop who says Songz punched him in the face with a closed fist. Trey ended up hurling heavy equipment off the stage and then jumped off the stage himself, picked up a mic stand, threw it and hit a photographer ... who also sued Songz. Sgt. Avery arrested Songz, tried to take him into custody when he says Songz fought him and struck him in the face. The officer fell to the ground and hit his head on the concrete. He allegedly suffered visible bruising and swelling to his right temple, as well as a contusion to his left forehead. !Ref. </doc> <doc id="2338787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338787" title="Comic ballet"> Comic ballet Comic ballet is a subcategory of narrative ballet, and denotes a dramatic work of a light or comic nature. Comic ballets include: </doc> <doc id="2338791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338791" title="The Prince Edward Island Regiment (RCAC)"> The Prince Edward Island Regiment (RCAC) The Prince Edward Island Regiment (RCAC) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Forces, 5th Canadian Division, 36 Canadian Brigade Group. The regiment is based in Charlottetown and Summerside, Prince Edward Island. The PEIR perpetuates the following units of the Canadian Expeditionary Force: In 1946 the amalgamation of The Prince Edward Island Light Horse and The Prince Edward Island Highlanders created The Prince Edward Island Regiment, 17th Reconnaissance Regiment. The Prince Edward Island Regiment was amalgamated with the 28th Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment in 1955. The youngest Canadian soldier to die in the Second World War, 14-year-old Boy Robert Cyril Claude Brooks was a member of the 17th (Reserve) Armoured Regiment (Prince Edward Island Light Horse). He was killed in a training accident near Coleman, Prince Edward Island, at approximately 7:30 p.m. on 23 September 1944, when a Universal Carrier was driven through a guard rail on a bridge, overturning into the water below. He was trapped beneath the overturned vehicle and drowned, along with two fellow members of the regiment, Sergeant D.C. Ramsay and Trooper W.N. Dennis. The Prince Edward Island Regiment is organized into the following components: Battle honours in small capitals are for large operations and campaigns and those in lowercase are for more specific battles. Bold type indicates honours emblazoned on the regimental guidon. The Prince Edward Island Regiment (RCAC) Museum collects, preserves, displays and studies the military history of the founding units of The Prince Edward Island Regiment, from the island's formation (founding). The main concentration is on the period 1870 until the present. The RCAC museum is located at the Queen Charlotte Armouries in Charlottetown, PEI. </doc> <doc id="2338797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338797" title="Three Men and a Cradle"> Three Men and a Cradle Three Men and a Cradle () is a 1985 French comedy film by Coline Serreau. The film was remade in Hollywood as "Three Men and a Baby" in 1987 which was subsequently remade into 4 Indian movies in four distinct languages. Three young men (Jacques, Pierre and Michel) share an apartment in Paris, and have many girlfriends and parties (During the movie, we even learn that they have signed a contract never to allow a girl to spend more than one night at their place). Once, during a party, a friend of Jacques' tells him he has a quite compromising package (which turned out to be heroin) to deliver, and asks him if he can leave it discreetly at their place. Jacques agrees and, as he works as a steward, flies away for a one-month trip in Japan, telling Pierre and Michel about the package. Then, one of Jacques' former girlfriends drops a baby before their door, making Pierre and Michel believing it is the package they are waiting for. Their lives are then completely changed. This movie follows the bachelors as they deal with angry gangsters, suspicious cops, and the overwhelming responsibility of fatherhood. A second film by Coline Serreau, with the same characters, the same actors and called "" ("18 Years After") was released in 2003. "Trois hommes et un couffin" was remade in English as "Three Men and a Baby" in 1987 which was subsequently adapted as "Thoovalsparsham" (1990) in Malayalam which was then remade in Telugu as "Chinnari Muddula Papa", into "Asathal" (2001) in Tamil and "Heyy Babyy" (2007) in Hindi. </doc> <doc id="2338804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338804" title="Seven Color Mask"> Seven Color Mask The hero of this series is a young detective named Kotarō Ran, unknown to anyone (even his friends), is a master of disguise, utilizing seven different personalities. Most of his disguises are odd characters, like a magician and a cigar-smoking Indian, but Kotarō's 7th disguise is the 2-gun-toting caped, golden-masked superhero, Seven Color Mask! In the first story arc called the ally of justice Seven Color Mask must confront the evil Cobra Mask who terrorizes Japan. In the second story arc an armored car loeaded with 80 million yen is attacked by the . The police and Seven Color Mask must hunt down King Rose. The third story arc is called . The fourth story arc is called . This series was "remade" by creator Kawauchi in 1972 as "Warrior of Love Rainbowman", and it is also considered an inspiration behind Go Nagai's "Cutey Honey". </doc> <doc id="2338805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338805" title="Illinois Route 173"> Illinois Route 173 Illinois Route 173 is an east–west state road that runs from Illinois Route 251 in the Rockford suburb of Machesney Park east to Illinois Route 137 (Sheridan Road/Buckley) in Zion near the Illinois-Wisconsin border; this is a distance of . Illinois Route 173 is also one of the northernmost east-west state highways in Illinois. On Interstate 94 (Tri-State Tollway) traveling south from Wisconsin, it is the second road seen which has an interchange at that location. Similarly, when traveling south/east from Wisconsin on Interstate 39/90 (Jane Addams Memorial Tollway), Illinois Route 173 is only the third exit into Illinois. In 2008, the entirety of Illinois 173 has been designated the 173rd Airborne Brigade Highway Illinois 173 travels across relatively hilly northern Illinois from the Rockford area to Zion. This area is more densely populated than other portions of rural Illinois. It is two lanes for over 90% of its length. In July 2007, a new interchange was constructed at Illinois 173, Interstates 39/90, and U.S. Route 51 (Jane Addams Memorial Tollway). SBI Route 173 originally ran from near downtown Rockford (along Forest Hills Road) to Zion. During the 1980s, when the village of Machesney Park was heavily developed and incorporated, Illinois Route 173 was scaled back and its western terminus moved to Illinois Route 251 (North 2nd Street). From 1972 to 1994 the highway also assumed a portion of what is now Illinois Route 137 north to the Wisconsin border. </doc> <doc id="2338823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338823" title="Lolo National Forest"> Lolo National Forest Lolo National Forest is a national forest located in western Montana, United States with the western boundary being the state of Idaho. The forest spans 2 million acres (8,000 km) and includes four wilderness areas; the Scapegoat and the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness are partially within the forest while the Welcome Creek and Rattlesnake Wildernesses are solely in Lolo National Forest. The forest was created in 1906 from 4 different previous forests which were combined for administrative purposes. Lolo National Forest is west of the Continental divide and has a biodiversity influenced by both continental and maritime weather creating a transitional forest that has a high number of different plant and tree species. Western red cedar, larch and whitebark pine share the forest with a variety of spruce and fir tree species. Western red cedars grow larger in Lolo National Forest than any other tree species does anywhere in Montana, attaining over 8 feet (250 cm) in diameter and almost 200 feet (60 m) in height. In total, 1,500 plant species exist in the forest as well as 60 species of mammals, 20 varieties of fish and 300 species of birds. Large mammals found in Lolo National Forest include the grizzly, black bear, cougar, timber wolf, mountain goat, bighorn sheep, elk, moose and mule deer. Both the bald and golden eagle reside in the forest along with trumpeter swan, herons and 30 varieties of ducks. The forest has a dozen improved campgrounds and 700 miles (1,100 km) of hiking trails. There are over 100 named lakes and five rivers including the Flathead River. The city of Missoula, Montana is the location for the forest headquarters and is centrally positioned within sight of the forestlands. There are local ranger district offices in Huson, Missoula, Plains, Seeley Lake, and Superior. The tallest point in the Lolo is Scapegoat Mountain at . In descending order of land area the forest is located in parts of Mineral, Missoula, Sanders, Granite, Powell, Lewis and Clark, Flathead, and Ravalli counties. Lolo National Forest was established on September 20, 1906 with . On December 16, 1931 part of Missoula National Forest was added, followed by portions of Selway National Forest in 1934 and part of Cabinet National Forest in 1954. </doc> <doc id="2338828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338828" title="Ælfwald of East Anglia"> Ælfwald of East Anglia Ælfwald (Old English: "Alfƿold", "elf-ruler," reigned from 713 to 749) was an 8th-century king of East Anglia, an Anglo-Saxon kingdom that today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. The last king of the Wuffingas dynasty, Ælfwald succeeded his father Ealdwulf, who had ruled for forty-nine years. Ælfwald himself ruled for thirty-six years. Their combined reigns, with barely any record of external military action or internal dynastic strife, represent a long period of peaceful stability for the East Angles. In Ælfwald's time, this was probably owing to a number of factors, including the settled nature of East Anglian ecclesiastical affairs and the prosperity brought through Rhineland commerce with the East Anglian port of Gipeswic (modern Ipswich). The coinage of Anglo-Saxon sceattas expanded in Ælfwald's time: evidence of East Anglian mints, markets, and industry are suggested where concentrations of such coins have been discovered. After returning from exile, Æthelbald of Mercia succeeded Coelred and afterwards endowed the church at Crowland. Ælfwald's friendly stance towards Æthelbald helped to maintain peaceful relations with his more powerful neighbour. The "Life of Guthlac", which includes information about Æthelbald during his period of exile at Crowland, is dedicated to Ælfwald. Later versions of the "Life" reveal the high quality of written Old English produced in East Anglia during Ælfwald's reign. He was a literate and devoutly Christian king: his letter written to Boniface in around 747 reveals his diplomatic skills and gives a rare glimpse into the life of a ruler who is otherwise shrouded in obscurity. The East Anglian pedigree in the "Anglian collection" brings the descent down to Ælfwald, indicating that it was compiled during his reign, possibly by around 726. Showing Ælfwald as son of Ealdwulf, the pedigree continues back through Ethelric, Eni, Tytla, Wuffa, Wehha, Wilhelm, Hryp, Hrothmund, Trygil, Tyttman and Caser (Caesar) to Woden. The "Historia Brittonum", which was probably compiled in the early 9th century, also has a version (the "de ortu regum Estanglorum") in descending order, showing: "Woden "genuit" ('begat') Casser, who begat Titinon, who begat Trigil, who begat Rodmunt, who begat Rippan, who begat Guillem Guechan. He first ruled in Britain over the race of East Angles. Guecha begat Guffa, who begat Tydil, who begat Ecni, who begat Edric, who begat Aldul, who begat Elric". It is not certain whether the last name, Elric, is a mistake for Ælfwald or is referring to a different individual. At Ælfwald's accession in 713, Ceolred of Mercia had dominion over both Lindsey and Essex. Ælfwald's sister Ecgburgh was, possibly, the same as abbess Egburg at Repton in Derbyshire and Ælfwald's upbringing was undoubtedly Christian in nature. The following family tree shows the descendants of Eni, who was the paternal grandfather of Ælfwald. The kings of East Anglia, Kent and Mercia are coloured green, blue and red respectively: Ceolred of Mercia's appropriation of monastic assets during his reign created disaffection amongst the Mercians. He persecuted a distant cousin, Æthelbald, the grandson of Penda's brother Eowa. Æthelbald was driven to take refuge deep in the Fens at Crowland, where Guthlac, another descendant of the Mercian royal house, was living as a hermit. When Guthlac died in 714, Ælfwald's sister Ecgburgh provided a stone coffin for his burial. Ceolred died in 716, blaspheming and insane, according to his chroniclers. Penda's line became extinct (or disempowered) and Æthelbald emerged as king of Mercia. Æthelbald lived until 757 and carried Mercian power to a new height. His debt to Crowland was not forgotten: soon after his accession he richly endowed a new church on the site where Guthlac had lived as a hermit. The first "Life of Guthlac", written by the monk Felix, appeared soon after Guthlac's death. Nothing is known about Felix, although Bertram Colgrave has observed that he was a good scholar who evidently had access to works by Bede and Aldhelm, to a "Life" of Saint Fursey and Latin works by Saint Jerome, Saint Athanasius and Gregory the Great. Felix was either an East Anglian or was living in the kingdom when he wrote the book, which was written at the request of Ælfwald. In the "Life", Felix portrays Æthelbald's exile at Crowland and asserts Ælfwald's right to rule in East Anglia. Two Old English verse versions of the "Life" drawn on the work of Felix were written, which show the vigour of vernacular heroic and elegiac modes in Ælfwald's kingdom. Sam Newton has proposed that the Old English heroic poem "Beowulf" has its origins in Ælfwald's East Anglia. Æcci held the East Anglian see of Dommoc, following its division of in about 673, and during Ealdwulf's reign Æscwulf succeeded Æcci. At the Council of Clofeshoh in 716, Heardred attended as Bishop of Dommoc, while Nothberht was present as Bishop of Elmham, having succeeded Baduwine. During the 720s, Cuthwine became bishop of Dommoc. Cuthwine was known to Bede and is known to have travelled to Rome, returning with a number of illuminated manuscripts, including "Life and Labours of Saint Paul": his library also included Prosper Tiro's "Epigrammata" and Sedulius' "Carmen Pachale". According to Bede, Ealdbeorht I was Bishop of Dommoc and Headulacus Bishop of Elmham in 731, but by 746 or 747, Heardred (II) had replaced Aldberct. Ipswich was the first East Anglian town to be created by the Anglo-Saxons, predating other new towns such as Norwich by a century. Excavation work at Ipswich has revealed that the town expanded out to become in size during Ælfwald's reign, when it was known as Gipeswic. It is generally considered that Gipeswic, as the trade capital of Ælfwald's kingdom, developed under the king's patronage. A rectangular grid of streets linked the earlier quayside town northwards to an ancient trackway that ran eastwards. The quay at Gipeswic also continued to develop in a form that was similar to the quayside at Dorestad, south of the continental town of Utrecht, which was perhaps its principal trading partner. Gipeswic's street grid, parts of which have survived, was subdivided into rectangular plots or "insulae" and new houses were built directly adjacent to metalled roads. The town's pottery industry, producing what has been known since the 1950s as 'Ipswich ware', gained its full importance at around this time. The former church dedication to Saint Mildred is one that can be dated to the 740s, when Mildred's relics were translated at Minster-in-Thanet by her successor abbess Eadburh. The coins of Ælfwald's reign are amongst the earliest that were minted in East Anglia. The coinage of silver pennies known as sceattas expanded in his time and several types are attributed to East Anglian production. Most of them fall into two main groups, known as the 'Q' and 'R' series. Neither group bears a royal name or title and the authority by which they were issued cannot not established. The 'Q' series, which has some Northumbrian affinities, is most densely distributed in western East Anglia, along the Fen edge between the Wash and Cambridge. The R series, with bust and standard, derived from earlier Kentish types, is more densely distributed in central and eastern East Anglia, including the Ipswich area. According to Michael Metcalf, the 'R' series was also East Anglian, being minted at Gipeswic. A letter from Ælfwald to Boniface, the leader of the English continental mission, has survived. It was written in at some time between 742 and 749 and is one of the few surviving documents from the period that relate the ecclesiastical history of East Anglia. The letter, which is a response to Boniface who had requested his support, reveals Ælfwald's sound understanding of Latin. Ælfwald's letter reassures Boniface that his name was being remembered by the East Angles: it contains an offer to exchange the names of their dead, so that mutual prayers could be read for them. According to Richard Hoggett, a phrase in the letter," 'in septenis monasteriorum nostorum sinaxis', "has been interpreted incorrectly by historians to imply that there were at the time seven monasteries in Ælfwald's kingdom in which prayers were being read, a theory which has proved difficult for scholars to explain. Hoggett argues that the words in the phrase refer to the number of times that the monks offered praise during the monastic day and not to the number of monasteries then in existence. He points out that this interpretation was published by Haddan and Stubbs as long ago as 1869. Ælfwald died in 749. It is not known whether he left an immediate heir. After his death, according to mediaeval sources, East Anglia was divided between three kings, under circumstances that are not clear. </doc> <doc id="2338832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338832" title="Splenic artery"> Splenic artery The splenic artery (in the past called the lienal artery) is the blood vessel that supplies oxygenated blood to the spleen. It branches from the celiac artery, and follows a course superior to the pancreas. The splenic artery gives off branches to the stomach and pancreas before reaching the spleen. Note that the branches of the splenic artery do not reach all the way to the lower part of the greater curvature of the stomach. Instead, that region is supplied by the right gastroepiploic artery, a branch of the gastroduodenal artery. The two gastroepiploic arteries anastomose with each other at that point. Along its course, it is accompanied by a similarly named vein, the splenic vein, which drains into the portal vein. Splenic artery aneurysms are rare, but still the third most common abdominal aneurysm, after aneurysms of the abdominal aorta and iliac arteries. They may occur in pregnant women in the third trimester and rupture carries a maternal mortality of greater than 50% and a fetal mortality of 70% - 90%. Risk factors include smoking and hypertension. For the treatment of patients who represent a high surgical risk, percutaneous endovascular treatment may be considered. </doc> <doc id="2338835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338835" title="Centaurea solstitialis"> Centaurea solstitialis Centaurea solstitialis, yellow star-thistle, is a member of the family Asteraceae, native to the Mediterranean Basin region. The plant is also known as golden starthistle, yellow cockspur and St. Barnaby's thistle (or Barnaby thistle) The plant is a thorny winter annual species in the knapweed genus. "Centaurea solstitialis" is an annual herb from the Asteraceae family. During the vegetative stage it forms a rosette of non-spiny leaves (5–20 cm diameter). As the summer approaches, it produces a flowering stem (1 m) which will produce numerous spinous capitula containing numerous (10-50) yellow flowers. Flowers within capitula are pollinated by insects and each capitula will produce a mix of (10-50) pappus and non-pappus seeds. It is an annual semelparous species, and will die after reproduction is completed, normally by the end of the summer. "Centaurea solstitialis" is a weed also on its native European range (e.g., Turkey, Greece, Italy, France, Spain), consequently, it inhabits highly disturbed ruderal habitats, being typically found on roadsides and cereal crop margins. After introduction in several parts of the world as an exotic species (e.g., Australia, Argentina, Chile, United States), it has developed local adaptations to the different habitats colonized, and an incipient level of reproductive isolation between native and non-native ranges has been detected—a case ecological speciation. "Centaurea solstitialis" grows as a balanced part of the ecosystems in Eurasia, where it is kept in check by an assortment of natural herbivore enemies and other plants that have co-evolved with it in its native habitat. However, it has been introduced in several parts of the world, including Australia, Argentina, Chile, and the USA. In many of these non-native regions, where the particular array of natural biological controls found in the native regions do not exist, it has become an invasive species and noxious weed. The Yellow star-thistle plant has the ability to create monotypic stands and habitats in the cultivated soil of fields, graded dirt sites, and disturbed natural ecosystem lands. Its colonization eliminates and prevents other plant species from growing, terminating the habitat's biodiversity. Extensive spreading monotypic fields of yellow starthistle are not uncommon. Its growth plasticity, competitiveness, preference for the Mediterranean climate, and a lack of natural herbivore enemies and co-evolved species, make it a very successful invader. The plant is an invasive pest in field crops, degrades native plant habitats and natural ecosystems, prevents the grazing of domestic animals in rangelands, and is a physical barrier to indigenous animal movement in wildlands. Grazing of the plant by horses can cause nigropallidal encephalomalacia or "chewing disease", a neurological condition. The disease generally follows consumption of 60-200% of the horse's body weight over an extended period of a month or more, or 2.3-2.6 kg of starthistle per 100 kg body weight per day. Though starthistle is most dangerous when it is the only plant available or is delivered as a contaminant in dried hay, horses may develop a taste for it and seek it out. Many other species of grazers, including mules and burros, are not affected. Star thistle is a valuable source of pollen, thus nectar for pollinators. Yellow star thistle, a noted pest plant, is a major nectar source for many central valley and foothill butterflies. Star Thistle populates ground that has been abused: dry, compacted, or scraped clean. A plant with a tap root system, it has a crucial role in restoring the soil by bringing up vital micronutrients. Similar to many plants classified as 'weeds', they "quickly establish in, protect, and restore soil that has been left exposed by natural and human-caused disturbances". The introduction of "Centaurea solstitialis" in North America probably occurred in California sometime after the start of the California Gold Rush, as a fodder seed contaminant in imported Chilean-harvested alfalfa seed, also known as Chilean clover ("Trifolium macraei"). Introduction in other parts of the world is poorly known. In California, Yellow star-thistle was dispersed into agricultural fields, and immediately took hold in the state's Mediterranean-type climate areas. Human factors, such as mowing, land grading for development and roads, domestic animal grazing, and disturbance of the soil surface for agricultural tillage and wildland firebreaks have and continue to contribute to the successful thriving and spread of this plant. Yellow starthistle is now a very common sight in vacant lots and fields, along roadsides and trails, in pastures and ranch lands, and in parks, open-space preserves and natural areas. In addition to the United States, starthistle has been introduced throughout Africa, Europe, and North and South America. After the turn of the 20th century, Spain, France, Italy, and perhaps Turkestan were also likely sources of the invasion's seed in California. Since its introduction to California in the mid-nineteenth century, it has become a large-scale invasive species (noxious weed or invasive exotic) throughout twenty-three states. It currently dominates over in California alone. By 1970, yellow star-thistle had reached 23 U.S. states. According to the USDA Forest Service, as of 2006 the plant has been reported present in 41 of the 48 contiguous U.S. states, with the only exceptions being Maine, Vermont, and five of the Deep South states (Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia). The plant is considered an invasive species in six of the 41 states: California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Utah, and New Jersey. Most herbicides used for controlling Yellow Star-thistle are registered for range lands, right-of-way, and other non-crop areas. Many auxin-like or growth-regulator herbicides are used for post-emergence control, including 2,4-D, aminopyralid, clopyralid, dicamba, picloram and triclopyr. Alternatively, glyphosate (e.g., Monsanto "Roundup") may be used. Pre-emergence herbicides used for yellow star-thistle control include chlorsulfuron and sulfometuron. Pre-emergence and post-emergence herbicides may be used effectively together to kill growing plants as well as any new seedlings that may emerge from the copious soil seed bank often produced by yellow starthistle. Controlled burning may also be used in conjunction with clopyralid application as an effective integrated approach to yellow star-thistle management. A yellow star-thistle biotype resistant to picloram was discovered in a pasture near Dayton, Ohio in 1988. This biotype was determined to have cross resistance to other auxin-like herbicides, especially clopyralid. Resistance was discovered to be conveyed by a single nuclear recessive gene. Yellow star-thistle is sometimes resistant to removal methods such as mowing and burning, because of its long root system and the seeds' ability to withstand fire. The plant has been the target of biological pest control programs with positive results. Seven types of seed-feeding insects have been released (one accidentally) to control the plant. A variety of the rust fungus "Puccinia jaceae var. solstitialis", first released in July 2003 on a ranch in the Napa Valley, has shown promise as an agent against yellow star-thistle. The rust causes widespread pathology in the leaves of the plant and slow its dispersal. The fungus "Synchytrium solstitiale" ("Synchytrium" of phylum Chytridiomycota) is also being considered as an agent of biological control. Grazing by goats, cattle, or sheep can be effective in controlling Yellow star-thistle. Goats will eat star-thistle even in its spiny stage. Because Yellow starthistle growth is particularly difficult to inhibit in canyon rangelands since its remoteness limits control options, goats and other herbivores have become an excellent option to curb the plant's spread. According to one study, grazing has decreased yellow starthistle presence by 58% when compared to the study's controls. Subplots also showed a 94% decrease in seed heads after only three years of experimentation. California researchers (Thomsen et al., 1996) tested mowing, controlled sheep grazing and subterranean clover plantings to control starthistle growth. According to the researchers, subclover would help fill the void left by starthistle populations. They compared subclover seeding, grazing, two mowings, grazing + mowing without subclover - and an untouched control without grazing, subclover, or mowing. Thistle seed production was 130 times higher where only one mowing was done, and 1,720 times higher where nothing was done, as compared to the area that had been grazed and mowed twice. Excellent yellow starthistle control can be achieved with the combination of competing plants, mowing, and rotational grazing. Although these biocontrol agents have proven somewhat effective at controlling "Centaurea solstitialis", there is interest in finding additional agents to further control the species. Two weevils, including "Larinus filiformis", a flowerhead feeding weevil, and "Ceratapion basicorne" (Illiger) (Coleoptera: Apionidae), which develops in the root crown of rosettes have been evaluated and proposed for introduction. Also under evaluation are a stem-feeding flea beetle "Psylliodes chalcomera" (Illiger) (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae) (Cristofaro et al. 2004a), a lacebug "Tingis grisea" Germar (Heteroptera: Tingidae), and a mite "Aceria solstitialis" de Lillo (Acari: Eriophyidae). (de Lillo et al. 2003). Species similar to "Centaurea solstitialis" are purple star-thistle ("Centaurea calcitrapa"), sulphur star-thistle ("Centaurea sulphurea"), Maltese star-thistle ("Centaurea melitensis"), and rough star-thistle ("Centaurea aspera"). </doc> <doc id="2338836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338836" title="Lake Charles Regional Airport"> Lake Charles Regional Airport Lake Charles Regional Airport is a public use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) south of the central business district of Lake Charles, a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. Owned by Calcasieu Parish, the airport serves approximately 375,000 people in the Lake Charles – Jennings combined statistical area. The airport has two runways. They are oriented 5/23 and 15/33 and do not cross. The grounds are bounded by Lake Street to the West, Gauthier Road to the North, Highway 385 to the East, and Lincoln Road to the South. The entrance is off of Highway 385. A new state-of-the-art terminal building was officially opened to the public in 2009. Built in the Louisiana plantation architectural style, it is a two-story terminal with one concourse. In 2009, American Eagle (now Envoy Air) began twice daily, nonstop regional jet service to Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport. American Eagle had previously served the airport with turboprop aircraft before discontinuing all flights at one point. Lake Charles Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 15 feet (5 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 5/23 is 5,200 by 100 feet (1,585 x 30 m) with an asphalt surface; 15/33 is 6,500 by 150 feet (1,981 x 46 m) with a concrete surface. For the 12-months ending December 31, 2015, the airport had 31,961 aircraft operations, an average of 88 per day: 55 percent general aviation, 36 percentair taxi, 9 percent military and 1 percent scheduled passenger airlines. In August 2017, there were 93 aircraft based at this airport: 39 single-engine, 10 multi-engine, 3 jet and 41 helicopter. A large number of helicopters are based at LCH and serve the petroleum industry in the Gulf and other purposes. A large marine spill operation is on the southwest corner of the grounds. The property also includes a 300-acre industrial park which provides land leases to many businesses and individuals. Historically, Lake Charles was served by Eastern Air Lines beginning in the late 1940s with Martin 4-0-4 and Convair 340 twin prop "Silver Falcon" airliner flights to Houston via Beaumont/Port Arthur and also to Baton Rouge and New Orleans via Lafayette. Some eastbound flights operated by Eastern continued on with direct, no change of plane service to Atlanta, New York/Newark Airport and Boston, although a number of intermediate stops were made en route. In 1958, Eastern was operating daily round trip Convair 340 service on a routing of Brownsville - Corpus Christi - Houston Hobby Airport - Beaumont/Port Arthur - Lake Charles - Lafayette - Baton Rouge - New Orleans - Mobile - Pensacola - Montgomery - Birmingham - Atlanta. Eastern ceased all flights to Lake Charles during the mid 1960s when it withdrew its Convair 440 propliner service. Trans-Texas Airways (TTa) began serving Lake Charles during the mid 1950s with Douglas DC-3 aircraft flying a routing of Lafayette - Lake Charles - Shreveport - Longview, TX - Tyler, TX - Dallas Love Field - Fort Worth. By 1959, TTa had expanded its DC-3 service with direct flights to Houston via Beaumont/Port Arthur and also direct to Jackson, MS via Alexandria and Natchez, MS. Trans-Texas then introduced Convair 240 service and in 1961 was flying nonstop to Houston and Monroe, LA as well as direct to Dallas, New Orleans, Little Rock, Memphis, San Antonio and other destinations. By the mid 1960s, Trans-Texas was serving the airport with Convair 600 turboprop flights primarily to Houston, New Orleans and Baton Rouge. Trans-Texas Airways subsequently changed its name to Texas International Airlines (TI) and introduced Douglas DC-9-10 jetliner service from Lake Charles to Houston and New Orleans with direct service to Dallas/Ft. Worth. Together, TTa and TI served Lake Charles for over 25 years with aircraft as diverse as DC-3s to DC-9s. Royale Airlines, which was a commuter air carrier based in Louisiana, served the airport with Beechcraft 99 and Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante turboprop flights to Houston and New Orleans. Following the merger of Texas International Airlines into Continental Airlines, Royale Airlines provided service for Continental via a code sharing agreement to and from Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) utilizing Grumman Gulfstream I propjets as well as Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante turboprops. This passenger feeder service for Continental to and from Houston was subsequently taken over by Continental Express which operated ATR-42 and Embraer EMB-120 Brasilia turboprops. In later years, Colgan Air operating as Continental Connection and later as United Express flew Saab 340 turboprop service nonstop to Houston on behalf of Continental and then United Airlines following the merger of Continental and United. By the late 1980s, American Eagle had begun service to Lake Charles and by the mid 1990s was operating Saab 340B turboprop service from the airport to two American Airlines hubs at the time: nonstop to Dallas/Ft. Worth (DFW) with direct, one stop flights to Nashville (BNA) via Gulfport, MS before ending these propjet flights. American Eagle then resumed service to Lake Charles several years later with nonstop flights to DFW. Metro Airlines, a commuter air carrier, served Lake Charles as well with Short 330 turboprop service to Houston and also operated Eastern Express service to Houston via a code sharing agreement with Eastern Air Lines during the mid 1980s. Currently, Envoy Air operating as American Eagle and ExpressJet operating as United Express both serve Lake Charles with all flights being operated by Embraer ERJ-135/ERJ-140/ERJ-145 series regional jet aircraft. Envoy Air flies to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) on behalf of American Airlines while United Express serves the United Airlines hub located at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). </doc> <doc id="2338841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338841" title="Michael Zilber"> Michael Zilber Michael Zilber is a Canadian composer and musician. Zilber was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He moved to Boston, Massachusetts in his late teens and to New York City in his early twenties. He has performed and/or recorded with Dizzy Gillespie, Sonny Stitt, Dave Liebman, Miroslav Vitous, Bob Berg, Dave Douglas, Rachel Z, and Narada Michael Walden, among many others. While in New York City, Zilber recorded two critically acclaimed OWL-EMI Records as a leader, "The Heretic" and "Stranger in Brooklyn", which was named one of the top 30 CDs of all time by Jazzfusion.com. Since his move to San Francisco, Michael has performed in numerous musical settings as a leader and sideman, including co-leading a quartet featuring the renowned drummer Steve Smith and directing CARMA, the Bay Area's "all-star Jazz Orchestra". Michael's 2000 release, the critically hailed "Two Coasts", features Steve Smith, Rachel Z, James Genus, and Rodney Holmes. This CD was a finalist for the 2001 Independent Music Awards Jazz Record of the Year. In 2003 Zilber and Smith released a top 20 jazz recording on Blue Jay records entitled "Reimagined" which Michael Brecker called truly amazing and David Liebman said was the next step forward in reworking jazz standards. That same year, Zilber and Liebman were the featured artists on Jazzschool Records inaugural release, "Live at the Jazzschool". Michael's next release, in 2005 was a reunion with his East Coast comrades Liebman, Bruce Barth, James Genus and Clarence Penn, and featured all original compositions, and was Zilber's first release to be primarily available online. In 2010, Zilber released a recording of poems set to music, poems by the world-renowned American poet Billy Collins. Released on Origin Records of Seattle, it received favorable reviews, including from Bill Milkowski of Jazz Times, who said "This is art music of the highest order performed with passion, wit and verve." Current projects include recordings and performances with guitar master John Stowell, with whom he has released 2 recordings on Origin Records, Shot Through with Beauty in 2011 and Live Beauty in 2015, both records were well-reviewed, including a 4 star review in Downbeat Magazine for Live Beauty. As well Zilber has ongoing performances and recordings with his own quartet and as a member of Trumpeter Erik jekabson's Stringtet and Big Band. The Big Band, the Electric Squeezebox Orchestra, performs weekly at Doc's Lab in San Francisco and will be releasing a CD, Cheap Rent, on Origin Records in August 2015. Zilber directs the Advanced High School Jazz Workshop at the Jazzschool in Berkeley, California, a group that won Outstanding High School Combo from Downbeat Magazine for 11 consecutive years. He also teaches at the California Jazz Conservatory, including Composition, Advanced Theory and Ensembles. Zilber is the Director of Jazz and Popular Music at Los Medanos College in Pittsburg, California. In 1987, he married singer-actress Carla Anne Smith, who later changed her name to Carla Zilbersmith (1962–2010). Their son, Maclen Jacob, was born in 1992 in New York City. They separated in early 2007 and later divorced. Zilber remarried in June 2014. </doc> <doc id="2338843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338843" title="Matthew J. Holman"> Matthew J. Holman Matthew J. Holman (born 1967) is a Smithsonian Astrophysicist and lecturer at Harvard University. Holman studied at MIT, where he received his bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1989 and his PhD in planetary science in 1994. He was awarded the Newcomb Cleveland Prize in 1998. As of 25 January 2015, he holds the position of an interim director of IAU's Minor Planet Center (MPC), after former director Timothy B. Spahr had stepped down. He was a Salina Central High School (Kansas) classmate and fellow debate team member of Joe Miller, Alaskan Senate candidate. The main-belt asteroid 3666 Holman was named in his honour in 1999 (). For the period between 1999 and 2000, Holman is credited by the MPC with the discovery and co-discovery of several trans-Neptunian objects such as and "(see table)" and has been an active observer of centaurs. He was also part of a team that discovered numerous irregular moons: </doc> <doc id="2338848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338848" title="Inside Job (novella)"> Inside Job (novella) Inside Job is a novella by Connie Willis, originally published in the January 2005 issue of "Asimov's Science Fiction" and later as a hardback by Subterranean Press. In the story, a debunker of pseudoscience encounters a fake medium who seems to be genuinely channelling the disruptive spirit of H. L. Mencken. It was the winner of the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Novella. Publishers Weekly in their review said that "while not as tightly woven as one of Willis's typical short stories nor as layered as her novels (Passage, etc.), this novella is still highly enjoyable, somewhat educational and will leave readers happy at the end." Ray Olson in his review for Booklist said that "Willis, one of sf's most spirited writers, rounds on the New Age; pays tribute to a great, skeptical journalist; and affectionately parodies pulp fiction at its best (Fredric Brown, that would be) in this irresistible entertainment." Jackie Cassady in her review for Library Journal said that "Willis grows even better in her short fiction, bringing to this novella both richness and integrity." </doc> <doc id="2338851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338851" title="Monroe Regional Airport (Louisiana)"> Monroe Regional Airport (Louisiana) Monroe Regional Airport is a public use airport in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States. The airport is owned by the City of Monroe and is located three nautical miles (6 km) east of its central business district. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "primary commercial service" airport since it has over 10,000 passenger boardings (enplanements) per year. As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 107,290 enplanements in calendar year 2011, an increase of 6.84% from 100,419 in 2010. The airport is advertised as the birthplace of Delta Air Lines; the airport's logo is a variant on the Delta logo. During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces Flying Training Command used the airport as a cadet training center beginning in August 1942. The airfield was named Selman Army Airfield, named after a Navy Pilot, Lieutenant Augustus J. Selman, USN, a native of Monroe, Louisiana, who died in the line of duty at Norfolk, Virginia, on November 28, 1921, of injuries received in an airplane crash. A monument donated by area philanthropist Kitty DeGree commemorating the role of Selman Field is located at the airport. The vast majority of aircraft flown at Selman AAF were Beech C-45s, also known as the AT-7. BT-13s were flown for basic flying training, and TC-47 and TC-46s were used beginning in late 1944. It closed on until September 1, 1945. After that Selman AAF was used as a separation center for returning overseas personnel until being inactivated on May 31, 1946. The airport was returned to civil control on July 31, 1946. Monroe was served in the past by several airlines operating mainline jet aircraft. Delta Air Lines operated Boeing 727-200, Boeing 737-200, McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 and McDonnell Douglas MD-80 jetliner flights to Atlanta, Dallas/Fort Worth, Birmingham, AL and other cities including one stop, no change of plane, direct service to New York City via Newark Airport. Delta operated mainline jet service into Monroe for many years, Southern Airways served Monroe with Douglas DC-9-10 jet flights to New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Memphis, Chicago, Orlando and other destinations. Southern then merged with North Central Airlines to form Republic Airlines which in turn continued to serve Monroe. Republic operated DC-9 jet service nonstop to Memphis and New Orleans with direct, one stop service to Chicago and also direct, no change of plane, two stop service to Atlanta. Republic was subsequently acquired by Northwest Airlines which in turn then merged with Delta. In addition, Texas International Airlines (formerly known as Trans-Texas Airways, TTa) operated Convair 600 turboprop service to Houston, Beaumont/Port Arthur, TX and other destinations. Several regional and commuter airlines served Monroe in the past as well including Royale Airlines which was based in nearby Shreveport, Louisiana and operated hubs at Houston Intercontinental Airport (IAH) and New Orleans International Airport (MSY). Royale operated Grumman Gulfstream I, Beechcraft C99 and Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante turboprop aircraft from the airport with nonstop service to Alexandria, LA; Baton Rouge, LA; Memphis, TN; New Orleans, LA and Shreveport, LA as well as one stop, direct service to Houston, TX. L'Express Airlines, another Louisiana-based air carrier, operated Beechcraft turboprop aircraft with nonstop flights to its hub in New Orleans, LA. Northwest Airlink, which was operated by Express Airlines I on behalf of Northwest Airlines, flew Saab 340 and British Aerospace BAe Jetstream 31 turboprops to Memphis. Currently, all American Eagle, Delta Connection and United Express passenger flights to and from Monroe are operated either with Canadair CRJ or with Embraer ERJ regional jet aircraft. Monroe Regional Airport covers an area of 2,660 acres (1,076 ha) at an elevation of 79 feet (24 m) above mean sea level. It has three runways with asphalt surfaces: 4/22 is 7,505 by 150 feet (2,288 x 46 m); 14/32 is 4,999 by 150 feet (1,524 x 46 m); 18/36 is 5,001 by 150 feet (1,524 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2015, the airport had 38,828 aircraft operations, an average of 106 per day: 57% general aviation, 22% military, 20% air taxi, and 1% scheduled commercial. At that time there were 38 aircraft based at this airport: 74% single-engine and 26% multi-engine. In 2009 Lincoln Builders of Ruston started construction on a new nearly terminal, which was completed in mid-2011. In October 2011, part one of a two phase passenger terminal project was completed. The original terminal was demolished and a new passenger terminal was constructed to include a new baggage claim and car rental facility. The new terminal is located adjacent to the site of the original facility and features new ticket counters, a cocktail lounge and a "Not Just Bar-B-Q Express" restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The new terminal has six gates with four of these gates being equipped with Jet Bridges. The following airlines offer scheduled passenger service: Baron Aviation Services operates on behalf of Fedex Feeder with cargo services from Monroe Regional to Memphis with Cessna 208 Caravan aircraft. </doc> <doc id="2338852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338852" title="Genie in a Bottle"> Genie in a Bottle "Genie in a Bottle" is a song recorded by American singer Christina Aguilera from her self-titled debut album released in 1999. It was written by Pam Sheyne, Steve Kipner and David Frank, and produced by Kipner and Frank. The song was released on June 22, 1999, by RCA Records as the album's lead single. "Genie in a Bottle" uses sexual references to talk about the theme of self-respect. "Genie in a Bottle" received generally favorable reviews from contemporary music critics, most of whom praised the song's lyrics and Aguilera's vocals on the track. The single achieved commercial success, peaking atop the record charts of 21 countries. In the United States, the song peaked atop the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), having sold more than 1.4 million copies in the country. Globally the single sold over 10 million copies and is listed as one of the best-selling singles of all time. A music video for "Genie in a Bottle" was directed by Diane Martel and shot in Malibu, California. The video was well received by media outlets and gained a lot of play on music channels including VH1, BET and was featured heavily on the MTV program "Total Request Live". "Genie in a Bottle" has been widely recognized as one of Aguilera's signature songs, and was credited with establishing her name in the music industry. Aguilera recorded two remakes of "Genie in a Bottle" and included them on her albums: a Spanish version entitled "Genio Atrapado" was included on "Mi Reflejo" (2000), and an electropop-oriented version entitled "Genie 2.0" was included on "" (2008). After receiving notification that the final season of "The New Mickey Mouse Club" (1993–94) would air, Aguilera became determined to release her debut studio album by the time she completed high school during 1994–95. She began recording sessions with producers Roberts Alleca and Michael Brown, but was displeased with the current pace of her career. Despite being offered free studio time with Alleca and Brown, Aguilera ventured to Japan in an effort to boost her career. While there, the pair offered her the opportunity to collaborate with Japanese pop star Keizo Nakanishi on the track "All I Wanna Do" (1994), though the experience failed to achieve commercial success. As her international successes broadened, Aguilera caught the attention of future manager Steve Kurtz; she had previously had a spoken agreement with Ruth Inniss, which subsequently never came to be. Kurtz spent much of his time devoted to finding Aguilera a record deal, sending demos to multiple companies. Just as communications with RCA Records began, she was offered the chance to record "Reflection", the theme song for the 1998 Disney film "Mulan". Its success landed her a multi-album recording contract. RCA's financial state prevented them from contending with major labels at the time. In an attempt to encourage Aguilera to sign with them and maintain the hype surrounding "Reflection", they offered to record and release her debut studio album by January 1999, though such an arrangement ultimately failed to happen. Originally, Aguilera "wasn't too crazy" about the demo recording for "Genie in a Bottle", though she eventually became "proud" of the end result. RCA executive Ron Fair sympathized with her reaction to the release and inclusion of the track, finding that the marketing decision would be to release a "sugar candy" number one single, something that wasn't necessarily a "great song" so that her career could strengthen. EMI executive Carla Ondrasik introduced two of her most prominent songwriters, David Frank and Steve Kipner. They began working together, and later collaborated with writer Pamelia Sheyne. The evening before their songwriting appointment, Frank awoke with an idea for a song which consisted of an eight bar loop with "a lot of different changes". When presenting the track to Sheyne, she performed the lyrics "If you want to be with me", which Frank liked. The three writers continued adding lyrics to a "really fast" writing session; they agreed that intellect was an afterthought, with the main intention to create a "hit song". They agreed a female should serve as the lead singer, at which point Frank recommended that Aguilera record the track. Aguilera contributed a spoken hook for the song, commenting that there "wasn't enough time" between the "Mulan" soundtrack and "Christina Aguilera" recording sessions for her to provide lyrical offerings. She later claimed that she had a substantial role in the track's production, stating that she adjusted instruments and lyrics after being displeased with its "rough beginnings". Originally presented as "If You Want to Be With Me", Aguilera's management suggested the final name "Genie in a Bottle". The title was conceived to present an Arabian theme, which the label felt they could market with beaded jewelry and clothing to develop the record's theme. Prior to being recorded by Aguilera, the track received much interest from the writers of the up-and-coming girl group Innosense, who felt that the band was more likely to make the song a hit. However, after RCA Records executive Ron Fair pushed for the track, the writers allowed Aguilera to record the track, and had "no doubt" she was the right performer after she completed the recording. The demo track that the record company had heard originally was used as a basis for Aguilera's actual recording as she simply replaced the vocals on the demo with her own before the writers and producers edited it for improvement, however after the first recording was completed they felt her vocals were too "hard" sounding and a second proved to be "softer" which they had wished for. Kipner, co-writer of the track, was impressed by Aguilera's performance of complex R&B lines during the recording of the track, something he only saw in older artists comparing her vocals to that of; Chaka Khan, Etta James and Mariah Carey. The recording of "Genie in a Bottle" was detailed in an article by "Sound on Sound" in which David Frank described the development of the track. Before Frank had met Aguilera most of "Genie in a Bottle" had already been completed, he had heard a tape delivered by RCA featuring Aguilera's performance of "Reflection" but Frank feared she could not perform in a "hip-hop orientated style". The instrumental for "Genie in a Bottle" was almost complete before the entire composition had been finished, it was only when he was contacted by songwriter Pam Sheyne that they progressed in writing the track and later Frank contacted Steve Kipner "a good friend" of his, and after agreeing to collaborate the three continued writing "Genie in a Bottle". Reviewers of "Genie in a Bottle" noted the youthful message with "The New York Times" saying "One of the summer's catchiest singles captures the moment's anxieties about teen-age sex". The track has been described as "blue-eyed-soul" and has been labelled "a skittish dance hit, propelled by indecision "My body's saying let's go [...] but my heart is saying no". The chorus then plays with "bubbly dance beats" as Aguilera metaphorically describes herself as a Genie trapped, and can only be released when rubbed "the right way". She explained "If you listen to the words "My body's saying let's go but my heart is saying no". My heart is saying no. So it's really a song about self-respect and treating me the way I want to be treated before I just give my love away to anybody". Celebrities such as Debbie Gibson spoke out against the song saying she was "horrified" with the lyricism being performed by an 18-year-old; the comment went on to upset Aguilera who found her being a female was restricting what she could perform. Lyricism in the track had sexual references which saw controversy arise, Larry Flick from "Billboard" commented, "Fueled by a chugging groove and richly layered vocals, the tune is punctuated by a breathy command to 'rub me the right way.'" Aguilera said that "the song is not about sex, It's about self-respect. It's about not giving in to temptation until you're respected." In Malaysia the controversial lyrics gained it a ban which led Aguilera to re-record some of the lyrics such as; "hormones racing" to "heart-beats racing" and "rub the right way" to "treat me the right way". "Genie in a Bottle" is written in the key of F minor with a tempo of 88 beats per minute. The song follows a chord progression of Fm – E – D, and Aguilera's vocals span from F to B. Tom Lanham of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the song a B+ rating referencing the predictability after other performers from the "Mickey Mouse Club" writing "Yet another ex-Mouseketeer scampers down the Britney-pop path with a suggestive synth ditty and a husky voice well beyond her 18 years." Lanham wrote her vocal performance is "uncomfortably adult" and called the track "a sinfully sweet confection". A writer for the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" gave the song a positive review calling it a "smoldering soul-pop" track and described Aguilera's vocals as being "provocative" whilst calling the song a "pleasure" to listen to. In a review for the album "Christina Aguilera" critic Robert Christgau called the song a "dazzling clever piece of teen self-exploration cum sexploitation". Nana-Adwoa Ofori of the AOL Radio blog listed the song as her top Christina Aguilera song declaring it as her "signature" track. A writer from "Daily News" found Aguilera to be more capable vocally than the tracks limits but found the track to be "a slice of thumping sensuality". Nicole Hogsett of Yahoo! found the song's appeal was due to the catchy chorus but found the song separated her from other pop stars at the time of the single's release. Hogsett found the song quickly "established she was different than your typical pop star". "People" called the song "sexy" and "pulsating". A writer for "The New York Times" "got" the song's youthful message and said "One of the summer's catchiest singles captures the moment's anxieties about teenage sex. 'Genie in a Bottle', sung by the blue-eyed former Mouseketeer Christina Aguilera, is a skittish dance hit propelled by indecision". Pier Dominquez, writer of "A Star is Made" found the song could be deemed suggestive but stated the track does not promote sex or promiscuity. He found the sensuality of the song came from Aguilera's vocal delivery and found her ad-libbing something that would set her apart from other artists. The Spanish version from album Mi Reflejo received some opinions too. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic highlighted Spanish version on Mi Reflejo. Eliseo Cardona, CDNOW senior editor was not satisfied with translation: "...when Aguilera sings her breakout hit "Genie in the Bottle" in a direct Spanish translation, "Genio atrapado," she sounds funny, if not ill at ease. Indeed, the overly literal Spanish lyrics make for both a good laugh and a better yawn." Parry Gettelman of Orlando Sentinel praised her vocals: "Aguilera's powerhouse style works best on the urban-flavored up-tempo numbers. She uses the more attractive lower end of her range on expanses of "Genio Atrapado." SEAN PICCOLI Music Writer of SunSentinel wrote a positive review: "Genio Atrapado, the opener, is as cheesy-sexy-cool as the original, Genie in a Bottle, her first hit. The translation fits the tune, not vice versa, so Aguilera can still revel in her teenage awakening even without a Spanish equivalent of, "Ya gotta rub me the right way." The song was voted as the 18th best song of 1999 by Pazz & Jop. Based on strong airplay and CD sales, "Genie in a Bottle" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, stayed there for five consecutive weeks and became the biggest summer song of 1999. At that point, it had the longest stay at number for the entire year, tying Ricky Martin's "Livin' la Vida Loca" and Jennifer Lopez's "If You Had My Love", although Carlos Santana would later in the year take the single, "Smooth", to number one on the chart with a ten-week run. The success of "Genie in a Bottle" marked the third time that year that a new female artist reached number one on the Hot 100 with her debut single, the first being Britney Spears with "...Baby One More Time" and the second being Lopez with "If You Had My Love". On January 22, 2000, "Billboard" reported that "Genie in a Bottle" was the second best-selling single of 1999, with 1,360,000 units sold, only behind Cher's "Believe" with 1,700,000 copies sold. It also became Aguilera's best-selling physical single to date. The success and achievement for Spears' and Aguilera's debut singles caused a lot of rivalry and comparisons between the two in the media. The song also crossed over successfully to other "Billboard" charts, topping the Top 40 Mainstream, Top 40 Tracks and Rhythmic Top 40 charts. The song even managed to reach the Adult Top 40, and the Spanish version of the song, "Genio Atrapado" (English: "Trapped Genie"), was a modest hit on the Latin chart. Strong sales assured the single a platinum certification. "Genie in a Bottle" stayed on "Billboard" Hot 100 for 25 weeks, and 24 weeks in the United Kingdom. Internationally, a similar chart dominance was seen, as the track went to number one in both the United Kingdom and Canada for multiple weeks. It charted within the top five in every country it charted. Overall, the song is Aguilera's second-highest charting single, behind "Lady Marmalade", a collaboration with Lil' Kim, Mýa and Pink. "Genie in a Bottle" was certified platinum in Germany for selling over 500,000 units. The single was also certified platinum in Australia for selling over 70,000 units. "Genie in a Bottle" was certified platinum in almost every country it was released in, later ending at No. 7 on the Year-End charts in the United States, and No. 7 on the European Year-End charts. The music video accompanying the track was directed by Diane Martel in April 1999, who had previously worked on Mariah Carey's "Dreamlover", and was shot in Malibu with surroundings of a beach and a wooden beach house. "I was out on the sand, greased up in, like, baby oil in shorts and a little cut-off top" she recalled, during the video, scenes saw her and others surrounding a campfire and despite this Aguilera recalled the video shoot was "freezing" with crew members all wearing large coats to keep them warm from the cold which Aguilera was struggling with. In most scenes of the video, Aguilera sings and performs a "genie" inspired choreography with her male dancers in front of the beach. As the video advances, the guys (with Christina's love interest in there) join the beach party. Near the end of the video, all the teens go outside and hang out around a bonfire. Analyzing the video, "A Star is Made" author Pier Dominquez said: Two days after this Aguilera performed the track again on the MTV show "TRL" among other tracks from the self-titled album. The particular day in which she performed the track host Carson Daly was not present and Aguilera publicly declared she had "missed" him which led to a media frenzy surrounding a rumored romance between Daly and herself. The following month Aguilera performed on the British television show "Top of the Pops" and during the same episode that her performance was aired on, Mariah Carey's performance of her track "Heartbreaker" which led Aguilera to announce to the media her appreciation and her willingness to meet the performer. Once again her performance on "Top of the Pops" had gathered more controversy than she had wished and soon a feud erupted from Carey's team which critics noted was due to the lack of success stemming from her album "Rainbow" and the consistent comparisons between the pair. Aguilera also performed at the National Building Museum for the Children's National Medical Center in the company of president Bill Clinton, later she performed for WFLZ's Y-2 concert in Florida with 15,000 fans viewing, wearing a silver top and gem studded jeans with a blue-sequined bandana performing the track on both occasions. It was announced by MTV in 1999 that Aguilera would perform live on their New Year's Eve Special, wearing "tight" leather trousers Aguilera performed the track live as the first song in her set which was then followed by "What a Girl Wants". "Genie in a Bottle" was also performed during her 2002-03 Justified & Stripped Tour, a concert tour which was held in order to support Aguilera's album "Stripped" (2002) and Justin Timberlake's "Justified" (2002). The "Egyptian-turned-metal version" performance featured Aguilera in her pink straps attached to her outfit rolling on a giant "X", which portrayed her contemporary alter ego "Xtina". It included Middle Eastern keyboards and 80's hair-metal guitar, where she slowly released herself as a "genie" as male dancers danced around her. On November 23, 2008, she performed the song while promoting her compilation album "", at the 36th Annual American Music Awards. She opened the show with a seven-minute medley of her greatest hits, which also included "Beautiful", "Keeps Gettin' Better", "Dirrty", "Ain't No Other Man" and "Fighter". In an effort to maintain the "buzz" surrounding both the record and Aguilera, RCA set up a guest spot for her to perform the track on the teen-marketed television shows "Beverly Hills 90210". The performance saw Aguilera in a bar performing at a birthday party for a character named David. During the 2014 US Open, the song was used whenever Eugenie Bouchard played on the court, "Genie" being her nickname. In 2000, Aguilera recorded a Spanish version of "Genie in a Bottle" entitled "Genio Atrapado" for her second studio album, "Mi Reflejo". The song's lyrics were translated from English to Spanish by Cuban-American producer Rudy Pérez. "Genio Atrapado" peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart. The song received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2000, which was awarded to Shakira for "Ojos Así". A music video for the song was directed by Diane Martel, who also directed the visual for "Genie in a Bottle". In 2008, Aguilera recorded a remake of "Genie in a Bottle" entitled "Genie 2.0" for her first greatest hits album, "". "Genie 2.0" is an electropop-oriented song; a reviewer from "Rolling Stone" compared the song to works by Lady Gaga. The song was released via the iTunes Store in the United States to promote the album. Nick Butler of Sputnikmusic likened the song's style to that of The Eurythmics's "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" and called it "awesome". To promote "Keeps Gettin' Better", Aguilera performed "Genie 2.0" at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. The remake debuted at number 161 on the UK Singles Chart. In the fall of 2001, an unauthorized mashup remix by The Freelance Hellraiser which combined Aguilera's a cappella vocals with The Strokes' 2001 song "Hard to Explain" was released under the title "A Stroke of Genius", receiving considerable attention and some airplay; "The Guardian" described the remix as having "defined the decade" as an early example of remix culture. Seizing on this, the band Speedway covered the Aguilera song in 2003 to sound as close to the mashup as possible, and as a result it became their first single as a double A-side, with another song, "Save Yourself", reaching #10 in the UK Singles Chart. In 2016, Dove Cameron covered "Genie in a Bottle" with cleaner lyrics for the Disney Channel short series "". It has over 143 million plays on VEVO. In 2017, after her departure from Fifth Harmony, Camila Cabello released her debut single "Crying in the Club", which samples "Genie in a Bottle". "Genie in a Bottle" has been widely regarded as one of Aguilera's signature songs. This song gained her mainstream success and credibility among music critics. It is also credited for redefining the sound of late 1990s music. "Rolling Stone" says about Aguilera, "Even in her teen-pop "Genie in a Bottle" days, she was modeling her dramatic, melismatic technique on old-school soul heroines like Etta James". It was ranked fifth on "Rolling Stone"s list of the biggest 1990s summer songs. It was also ranked #38th on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the '90s. Credits adapted from CD liner notes </doc> <doc id="2338857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338857" title="Don Stroud"> Don Stroud Donald Lee Stroud (born September 1, 1943) is an American actor, drummer, and surfer. Stroud has appeared in many films in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, and has starred in over 100 films and 175 television shows to date. Stroud was born and grew up in Honolulu, Hawaii, the son of comedian and vaudevillian Clarence Stroud (of the Stroud Twins), and singer Ann Livermore (née McCormack), who toured the world with Frank Sinatra. Stroud's mother and stepfather owned and operated the popular Embers Steak House and nightclub where Ann performed nightly. In 1960, at the age of 17, he placed fourth in the Duke Kahanamoku World Surfing Championship at Makaha, Hawaii. He also earned a black belt in the Hawaiian martial art of Kajukenbo Self Defense. Stroud was surfing at Waikiki when he was discovered by actor Troy Donahue who was filming ABC's "Hawaiian Eye" and needed a stunt double for his surfing scenes. He then decided to go to Hollywood for a career in acting. Stroud co-starred with Clint Eastwood in two films, "Coogan's Bluff" (1968) and "Joe Kidd" (1972). He also appeared in several episodes of CBS's "Hawaii Five-O": season 3, ep. 9 "The Late John Louisiana" and in the Barry Sullivan NBC western series "The Road West". Stroud co-starred in Roger Corman’s film "Von Richthofen and Brown" (1971). Stroud played Roy Brown opposite John Phillip Law's Baron von Richthofen. Corman used Lynn Garrison's Irish aviation facility. Garrison taught Stroud the rudiments of flying so that he could manage to take off and land the aircraft, making some of the footage more realistic. On September 16, 1970, during a low-level sequence flying a two-seat SV4C Stampe biplane across Lake Weston, a large bird flew through the propeller’s arc, striking Garrison in the face, knocking him unconscious. The aircraft flew into five powerlines, snap rolled and plunged into the lake inverted. Garrison and Stroud were rescued some time later. Stroud was unhurt. Garrison required 60 stitches to close a head wound. Don Stroud starred as real-life jewel thief Jack Murphy in the movie "Murph the Surf" (1975). He also starred in the horror/thriller "Death Weekend" (1976) and had a supporting role in the cult horror film "The Amityville Horror" (1979), as well as the miniseries "Mrs. Columbo" from that same year which starred Kate Mulgrew (Stroud played Lt. Varrick). Stroud co-starred in "The Buddy Holly Story" (1978) as the late musician's drummer (in which he actually played the drums), and played a James Bond villain in the film "Licence to Kill" (1989). He played Captain Pat Chambers in the television series "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer" and "The New Mike Hammer", with Stacy Keach, with whom he co-starred in the film "The Killer Inside Me" (1976). He starred in four television series, notably "The New Gidget" (1986) where he was a natural to play the "Kahuna", "Nash Bridges" (1996–2001), and "" (1996–2000). His elder brother Duke, is also an actor, notably as the furious air-traffic controller in 1986's "Top Gun". He made a brief appearance in the new "Hawaii Five-0" on October 10, 2011. In the second season's fourth episode, entitled "Mea Makamae", which means 'Treasure' in Hawaiian, Stroud played a bartender. </doc> <doc id="2338868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338868" title="1996 NFL season"> 1996 NFL season The 1996 NFL season was the 77th regular season of the National Football League and the season was marked by notable controversies from beginning to end. The season ended with Super Bowl XXXI when the Green Bay Packers defeated the New England Patriots 35–21 at the Louisiana Superdome. When Art Modell, owner of the Cleveland Browns, wanted to relocate his team to Baltimore in a surprise move first reported on by the Boston Globe on November 4, 1995, the ensuing press furor and public relations mess forced the league to intercede and make an agreement with him and the Cities of Cleveland and Baltimore before the new season had barely begun. In the belated agreement, the name, colors and history of the Browns were to remain in Cleveland, while the relocated club would technically be a new league franchise; the city of Cleveland would be given another new franchise in the next few years, or a relocated existing franchise. Either way, the beloved Cleveland Browns would continue, while the Baltimore Ravens began their new history when the 1996 season started. The season was also the final season for the Houston Oilers before leaving Texas for Memphis for the following season, and then to Nashville in 1998. This move left Houston with no professional football team until the 2002 debut of the Texans. One of the most memorable aspects of the 1996 season was that the Carolina Panthers and Jacksonville Jaguars, each in just their second year of existence, both advanced to their respective conference championship games. 1996 marked the third year the NFL salary cap was in force and also marked the end of multiple “dynasties” in the NFL as it was the first season since 1991 (and only the second since 1987) in which neither the Dallas Cowboys nor the San Francisco 49ers played in the NFC Championship Game. It was also the first NFC Championship Game ever that did not feature either the Cowboys, 49ers, Washington Redskins, or Los Angeles Rams. The season ended with Super Bowl XXXI when the Green Bay Packers defeated the New England Patriots in a game ultimately decided when a third-quarter kick-off was returned 99 yards for a touchdown by Packers’ kick returner, Desmond Howard. For that, and his excellent performance on kick-off and punt returns throughout the game, Howard was named Super Bowl MVP, the first and only time that a special teams player has earned that award. All that was nearly overshadowed by the press feeding frenzy reporting and commenting on the rumor, between the AFC championship game up to and into the broadcast coverage of Super Bowl XXXI itself, that iconic coach Bill Parcells was planning on breaking his contract with the New England Patriots because he did not get along well with owner Robert Kraft, who had helped turn around New England's image after years of ownership that was either dismal or absent. In the event, Parcells did not even return with the players, and telephone records showed he was talking to the Jets in the days before and the day of the Super Bowl itself. This documentary evidence led to the league awarding the Patriots multiple draft picks in compensation for the "tampering" by the Jets, which is but a continuation of one-upmanship that has gone on for years between the heated rivals. The 1996 NFL Draft was held from April 20 to 21, 1996 at New York City's Theater at Madison Square Garden. With the first pick, the New York Jets selected wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson from the University of Southern California. </doc> <doc id="2338876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338876" title="Impossible Things"> Impossible Things Impossible Things is a collection of short stories by Connie Willis, first published in 1993, that includes tales of ecological disaster, humorous satire, tragedy, and satirical alternate realities. Its genres range from comedy to tragedy to horror. Three of the stories are Nebula Award winners, and two of these also won Hugo Awards. Like her novel "Bellwether", the stories "In the Late Cretaceous" and "At the Rialto" explore aspects of scientific research. Like "All Seated on the Ground", the story "Spice Pogrom" involves first contact with an intelligent alien species. Like the two-part novel "Blackout/All Clear", the story "Jack" involves life during The Blitz. The stories "Ado" and "Winter's Tale" both refer to William Shakespeare, while "Time Out", like her time travel novels, explores the nature of time. </doc> <doc id="2338880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338880" title="Shreveport Regional Airport"> Shreveport Regional Airport Shreveport Regional Airport is a public use airport in Shreveport, Louisiana, United States. It is owned by the City of Shreveport and located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of its central business district. The airport's runways and terminal are visible to traffic along Interstate 20, a main east–west corridor of the Southern United States. Shreveport Regional was designed to replace the Shreveport Downtown Airport, which limited growth due to close proximity of the Red River. The airport had 306,761 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2015. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2007-2011, it is a "primary commercial service" airport. The FAA classifies Shreveport Regional Airport as a "Small Hub" airport. For the 2011-2012 calendar years, Shreveport Regional Airport ranked just under Mobile Regional Airport (Mobile, Alabama) and Fort Wayne International Airport (Fort Wayne, Indiana) and just above Jackson Hole Airport (Jackson Hole, Wyoming) and Yeager Airport (Charleston, West Virginia) in total enplanements. Historically, Shreveport was served by a number of airlines operating mainline jet service. Delta Air Lines was a major player at the airport for many years as Shreveport was a "focus city" and mini-hub for this air carrier. According to the February 1, 1976, edition of the Official Airline Guide (OAG), Delta was operating thirty-three (33) flights a day with Boeing 727-200 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners from Shreveport. The December 15, 1979, Delta timetable lists ten (10) daily direct, no change of plane and nonstop jet services to Atlanta as well as daily nonstop jet flights to Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, Little Rock, Birmingham, AL, Jackson, MS, Memphis, New Orleans, and Baton Rouge. This Delta timetable also lists one-stop, no change of plane direct jet service from Shreveport to New York–La Guardia Airport, Los Angeles, San Francisco, national (now known as Reagan National) Airport in Washington, D.C., Phoenix, Denver, Chicago, and St. Louis. Delta later operated Boeing 737 and McDonnell Douglas MD-80 jetliners from the airport as well. Northwest Airlines flew Douglas DC-9 jets nonstop to Memphis. Trans World Airlines (TWA) served the airport as well with Douglas DC-9 jet service to St. Louis. Other airlines that previously served Shreveport included the original Braniff International flying British Aircraft Corporation BAC One-Eleven jets followed by Boeing 727-200 jetliners nonstop to New Orleans and Fort Smith, AR, and also direct to Kansas City, Tulsa, Chicago and Minneapolis/St Paul. The original Frontier Airlines (1950-1986) also served Shreveport and operated Boeing 737-200 jetliners nonstop to Dallas/Fort Worth with direct, one-stop service to Denver. In the late 1970s Texas International Airlines serviced Shreveport with daily flights between Dallas and Texarkana using Convair 600 aircraft. In later years, American Airlines flew Boeing 727-200 and McDonnell Douglas MD-80 jet service nonstop to Dallas/Fort Worth while Continental Airlines operated Douglas DC-9 jets on nonstop flights to Houston. Now defunct Royale Airlines, a commuter airline, was based at the Shreveport Regional Airport from 1962 until 1989. It served 23 cities in Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi and Florida using Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirante, Beechcraft Model 99, Short 330, Grumman Gulfstream I and de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter turboprops as well as Douglas DC-9-10 jetliners. Shreveport Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 258 feet (79 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 14/32 is 8,351 by 200 feet (2,545 x 61 m) and 6/24 is 6,202 by 150 feet (1,890×46 m). The airport is located off Hollywood Avenue with easy access to Interstate 20. Much of the work on the location of the facility was conducted by then Shreveport Public Works Commissioner H. Lane Mitchell, an engineer under whose jurisdiction the airport fell prior to implementation in 1978 of the mayor-council city charter. In 2009, the airport opened a $30 million cargo terminal, which serves as an anchor for the Aero Park Industrial Park. Cargo tenants include United Parcel Service, FedEx, Integrated Airline Solutions, USA Jet, and Empire Airlines. The recently renovated terminal now features wireless access and a restaurant between the two security checkpoints. The airport is also an alternate destination for American Airlines flights that cannot land at Dallas-Fort Worth Int'l and United Airlines that cannot land at Houston Intercontinental Airport due to bad weather. In June 2017, regional feeder ExpressJet Airlines closed their Shreveport based Embraer regional jet aircraft maintenance hangar. In 2018, Western Global Airlines created a consolidated maintenance center at Shreveport Regional to serve its growing fleet of 16 Boeing 747 and McDonnell-Douglas MD-11 aircraft. The airline moved into the former Expressjet facilities. The airline cited Shreveport's central location as the reason for the airport being selected. The facility took in its first Boeing 747 on August 17, 2018. Shreveport Regional Airport was awarded the "2009 Louisiana Airport of the Year." It is Shreveport's third time winning the award. Currently, most airline services from Shreveport are flown with regional jet aircraft with the exception of flights operated by Allegiant Air which are operated with McDonnell Douglas MD-80 jetliners and Delta Air Lines with Boeing 717-200 jets. This Delta mainline nonstop jet service to Atlanta (ATL) became effective on July 2, 2014 and marked the return of such mainline flights from the Shreveport Regional Airport (SHV) operated by the airline. Delta Connection flies nonstop to Atlanta as well with Canadair CRJ-200 and CRJ-900 regional jets on behalf of Delta. On Tuesday, Aug. 19, 2014, American Eagle operating on behalf of American Airlines began flying two daily nonstop flights with Canadair CRJ 700 regional jet aircraft featuring first class and coach cabin service to Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW). American Eagle also operates Canadair CRJ-200 as well as Embraer ERJ-140 and ERJ-145 regional jets nonstop to DFW. ExpressJet operating as United Express currently flies nonstop service to Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) and Denver (DEN) with Canadair CRJ 700, Embraer ERJ-135 and ERJ-145 regional jets on behalf of United Airlines. Annual passenger travel (enplanements + deplanements) at SHV, 2009 through 2015. For the 12-month period ending February 28, 2009, the airport had 56,713 aircraft operations, an average of 155 per day: 54% air taxi, 38% general aviation; and 9% military. At that time there were 64 aircraft based at this airport: 41% single-engine, 28% multi-engine, 28% jet and 3% helicopter. The Shreveport Regional Airport has many options for transportation to and from the airport. Rental Car Companies: Taxi and Limo Services: Public transportation is also available through SPORTRAN, Shreveport-Bossier's extensive public bus system. In 1990, the Airport Beautification Committee began a campaign to bring art and media to the Shreveport Regional Airport. Paintings, photographs, and projects by local school children decorate the lobby, hallways, and terminals of the airport. Officially known as Artport, the campaign declares itself "the only revolving public art display located in an airport setting in America, Artport features artwork from over 100 local and regional artists". The Airport Beautification Committee hosts an annual gala-style event at the Shreveport Regional Airport showcasing local artists and raising funds for the program. After Hurricane Katrina devastated much of New Orleans and south Louisiana in 2005, Shreveport has been home to the booming film industry in Louisiana. With production companies shooting films all over north Louisiana, the Shreveport Regional has seen growth in flights, passengers, air cargo operations, and even filming at the airport itself. Requests can be made to film at the Shreveport Regional Airport. The airport boasts that it is "a proud supporter of the Shreveport-Bossier Film Industry" and that it has "a reputation for making production easy, with full support and streamlined paperwork." The following is a list of productions shot at either Shreveport Regional or Shreveport Downtown airports: </doc> <doc id="2338892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338892" title="Minority rights"> Minority rights Minority rights are the normal individual rights as applied to members of racial, ethnic, class, religious, linguistic or gender and sexual minorities; and also the collective rights accorded to minority groups. Minority rights may also apply simply to individual rights of anyone who is not part of a majority decision. Civil rights movements often seek to ensure that individual rights are not denied on the basis of membership in a minority group, such as global women's rights and global LGBT rights movements, or the various racial minority rights movements around the world (such as the Civil Rights Movement in the United States). The issue of minority rights was first raised in 1814, at the Congress of Vienna, which discussed the fate of German Jews and especially of the Poles who were once again partitioned up. The Congress expressed hope that Prussia, Russia, and Austria would grant tolerance and protection to their minorities, which ultimately they disregarded, engaging in organized discrimination. The 1856 Congress of Paris paid special attention to the status of Jews and Christians in the Ottoman Empire. In Britain, William Gladstone made the massacres of Bulgarians by the Ottoman Empire a major campaign issue and demanded international attention. The Congress of Berlin in 1878 dealt with the status of Jews in Romania, especially, and also Serbia, and Bulgaria. On the whole, the 19th century congresses failed to impose significant reforms. Russia was especially active in protecting Orthodox Christians and Slavic peoples under the control of the Ottoman Empire. Persecution or discrimination against specific minorities was increasingly the subject of media attention, and the Jews began to organize to protest the pogroms in Russia. However, there was little international outrage regarding treatment of other minorities, such as black people in the southern United States. The first minority rights were proclaimed and enacted by the revolutionary Parliament of Hungary in July 1849. Minority rights were codified in Austrian law in 1867. At the Versailles Peace Conference the Supreme Council established 'The Committee on New States and for The Protection of Minorities'. All the new successor states were compelled to sign minority rights treaties as a precondition of diplomatic recognition. It was agreed that although the new states had been recognized, they had not been 'created' before the signatures of the final peace treaties. The issue of German and Polish rights was a point of dispute as Polish rights in Germany remained unprotected, unlike the German minority in Poland. Like other principles adopted by the League, the Minorities Treaties were a part of the Wilsonian idealist approach to international relations; like the League itself, the Minority Treaties were increasingly ignored by the respective governments, with the entire system mostly collapsing in the late 1930s. Despite the political failure, they remained the basis of international law. After World War II, the legal principles were incorporated in the UN Charter and a host of international human rights treaties. Minority rights, as applying to ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples, are an integral part of international human rights law. Like children's rights, women's rights and refugee rights, minority rights are a legal framework designed to ensure that a specific group which is in a vulnerable, disadvantaged or marginalized position in society, is able to achieve equality and is protected from persecution. The first postwar international treaty to protect minorities, designed to protect them from the greatest threat to their existence, was the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. Subsequent human rights standards that codify minority rights include the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (Article 27), the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities, two Council of Europe treaties (the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities and the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages), and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Copenhagen Document of 1990. Minority rights cover protection of existence, protection from discrimination and persecution, protection and promotion of identity, and participation in political life. For the rights of LGBT people, the Yogyakarta Principles have been approved by the United Nations Human Rights Council. For the rights of persons with disabilities, the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities has been adopted by United Nations General Assembly. To protect minority rights, many countries have specific laws and/or commissions or ombudsman institutions (for example the Hungarian Parliamentary Commissioner for National and Ethnic Minorities Rights). While initially, the United Nations treated indigenous peoples as a sub-category of minorities, there is an expanding body of international law specifically devoted to them, in particular Convention 169 of the International Labour Organization and the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (adopted 14 September 2007). In 2008, a declaration on LGBT rights was presented in the UN General Assembly, and in 2011, a LGBT rights resolution was passed in the United Nations Human Rights Council ("See LGBT rights at the United Nations"). There are many political bodies which also feature minority group rights, which might be seen in affirmative action quotas or in guaranteed minority representation in a consociational state. The direct role of the European Union (and also the law of the EU/EC) in the area of protection of national minorities is still very limited (likewise the general protection of human rights). The EU has relied on general international law and a European regional system of international law (based on the Council of Europe, Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, etc.) and in a case of necessity accepted their norms. But the “de-economisation of European integration”, which started in the 1990s, is changing this situation. The political relevance of national minorities' protection is very high. Now (2009), although protection of the national minorities has not become a generally accepted legally binding principle of the EU, in several legal acts issues of national minorities are mentioned. In external relations protection of national minorities became one of the main criteria for cooperation with the EU or accession. </doc> <doc id="2338895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338895" title="South Stormont"> South Stormont South Stormont is a township in eastern Ontario, Canada, in the United Counties of Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry. It is located southeast of Ottawa. South Stormont borders on, but does not include, the city of Cornwall. The township was established on January 1, 1998, with the amalgamation of the former Townships of Cornwall and Osnabruck. The township of South Stormont comprises a number of villages and hamlets, including the following communities: In addition, the township would have been home to the nine Lost Villages which were flooded to create the St. Lawrence Seaway: The township administrative offices are located in Long Sault. The township of South Stormont is governed by three councillors, a deputy mayor and a mayor (reeve). The term length is four years. South Stormont also conducts elections on the internet, using a secure, and cost-efficient website and automated telephone voting system. Cornwall and Osnabruck were two of the original eight "Royal Townships" established along the Saint Lawrence River in Upper Canada. Osnabruck was named after a title formerly held by Prince Frederick, son of George III, who at one time was Prince-Bishop of Osnabrück in Lower Saxony, and Cornwall was named for Prince Frederick's title as Duke of Cornwall. This area was first settled by members of Sir John Johnson's King's Royal Regiment of New York, and became Stormont County in 1792. The Lost Villages, ten ghost towns which were flooded by the construction of the Saint Lawrence Seaway in 1958, were located in the former Cornwall and Osnabruck Townships. The communities of Long Sault and Ingleside were newly built to accommodate displaced residents of the flooded villages. Due to this relocation, the towns were entirely planned from their inception - a rarity in Ontario. Several streets in the two communities are named for the flooded settlements. </doc> <doc id="2338900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338900" title="Grand Forks Park District"> Grand Forks Park District The Grand Forks Park District is a government agency of Grand Forks, North Dakota. The Park District was founded in 1905 and levies its own taxes separately from local government. The Park District was founded in 1905. The parks in the district include: Upcoming park include: The mission statement of the Grand Forks Park District: </doc> <doc id="2338901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338901" title="Robert D. McTeer"> Robert D. McTeer Robert D. McTeer is an American economist, and has been a fellow at the US National Center for Policy Analysis since January 2007. McTeer is a former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, and a former chancellor of the Texas A&M University System. Born in the U.S. state of Georgia, he earned his B.B.A. and Ph.D. in economics from the University of Georgia where he is a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity and was also a member of the Phi Kappa Literary Society. He taught there for two years before joining the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. He worked for the Federal Reserve for 36 years, including as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas from 1991–2005, where he was known for his plain, jargon-free public speaking and telling stories about growing up in rural Georgia. He has stated that one of his goals was "to translate economic sense into common sense". As a member of the Federal Open Market Committee on the Federal Reserve, he was considered "dovish" on inflation and was one of the most consistent opponents of raising the federal funds rate in the late 1990s. He has stated that he does not believe in the NAIRU and Phillips curve. He was succeeded as Federal Reserve Bank President by Richard W. Fisher. On November 4, 2004, he succeeded A. Benton Cocanougher as the chancellor of the Texas A&M University System, until November 22, 2006, when he was succeeded by Michael D. McKinney. He is a frequent economics commentator on CNBC's "Kudlow & Company". </doc> <doc id="2338902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338902" title="Rutgers School of Environmental and Biological Sciences"> Rutgers School of Environmental and Biological Sciences The School of Environmental and Biological Sciences (SEBS) is a constituent school within Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey's flagship New Brunswick-Piscataway campus. Formerly known as Cook College—which was named for George Hammell Cook, a professor at Rutgers in the 19th Century—it was founded as the Rutgers Scientific School and later College of Agriculture after Rutgers was named New Jersey's land-grant college under the Morrill Act of 1862. Today, unlike the other arts and sciences schools at Rutgers, the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences specializes in environmental science, animal science and other life sciences. Although physically attached to the New Brunswick-Piscataway campus, most of the SEBS campus lies in North Brunswick, New Jersey. The School of Environmental and Biological Sciences is also home to the "New Jersey Agriculture Experiment Station" and the Rutgers Gardens, a botanical garden. Cook campus is crossed by the Westons Mill Pond section of the scenic Lawrence Brook, which flows along Rutgers vegetable research farm, Rutgers equine research farm, Rutgers Gardens and Rutgers Helyar's woods. A continuing professional education unit that provides professional education and training for environmental related program areas offers sits on the edge of Cook Campus and is part of the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station. New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station Office of Continuing Professional Education. Originally called College of Agriculture, the name was changed in 1965 to the College of Agriculture and Environmental Sciences and was again changed in 1975 to Cook College. It was also at this time that Cook College became residential with the building of the Newell Apartments. In 2007 it was again renamed as the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences as part of a larger reorganization of the university. Martin Hall on Cook Campus was the location of Nobel Prize winner Selman Waksman's research in soil microbes. It was here that Waksman and his colleagues are credited with isolating several antibiotics most notably streptomycin which was used successfully against diseases such as tuberculosis. The SEBS Governing Council (SGC) currently serves as the student government for the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences. The council is composed of student representatives from every major, a number proportionate to the number of students in that major, as well as Class Representatives, University Senators and RUSA Representatives. The council was established as the Cook College Council (CCC) in 1974, and was later renamed the SEBS-Cook Council (SCC) in 2006 with the renaming of the school. Beginning with 2010-2011 academic year, Rutgers University merged all the student councils into an elected Rutgers University Student Assembly (RUSA), but the professional schools remained separate councils. The SEBS Governing Council fulfills this role. The Recreation Activities Crew (formerly known as Recreation Advisory Council and known as RAC on the Cook Campus) is an organization that is composed of student volunteers and meets weekly. The mission of this group is to get students involved with community events both within Rutgers University and with the city of New Brunswick. They have put together events like Special Friends Day, Price is right, Deal or No Deal, Trivia Bowl and other small events. Special Friends Day is one of the biggest community events that the Recreation Advisory Council hosts. Volunteers set up the Cook/Douglass Recreation Center into a themed place. Their parents get a day off from taking care of them and allows them to spend some alone time. Also the students that volunteer get a unique and special experience that will last a lifetime. Each year, the theme is different. The most recent theme (March, 2009) was Board Games. Each year, hundreds of hours of student time are poured into creating this one special day. The Special Friends Day past themes include—2008: Disney: 2007; Heroes. </doc> <doc id="2338903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338903" title="Scanian War"> Scanian War The Scanian War (, , ) was a part of the Northern Wars involving the union of Denmark–Norway, Brandenburg and Sweden. It was fought from 1675 to 1679 mainly on Scanian soil, in the former Danish provinces along the border with Sweden and in Northern Germany. While the latter battles are regarded as a theater of the Scanian war in English, Danish and Swedish historiography, they are seen as a separate war in German historiography, called the Swedish-Brandenburgian War (). The war was prompted by Swedish involvement in the Franco-Dutch War. Sweden had allied with France against several European countries. The United Provinces, under attack by France, sought support from Denmark–Norway. After some hesitation, King Christian V started the invasion of Skåneland (Scania) in 1675, while the Swedish were occupied with a war against Brandenburg. The invasion of Scania was combined with a simultaneous Norwegian front called the Gyldenløve War, forcing the defending Swedes to fight a two-front war in addition to their entanglements in the Holy Roman Empire. The Danish objective was to retrieve the Scanian lands that had been ceded to Sweden in the Treaty of Roskilde, after the Northern Wars. Although the Danish offensive was initially a great success, Swedish counter-offensives led by the 19-year-old Charles XI of Sweden nullified much of the gain. At the end of the war, the Swedish navy had lost at sea, the Danish army had been defeated in Scania by the Swedes, who in turn had been beaten in Northern Germany by the Brandenburgers. The war and the hostilities ended when Denmark's ally the United Provinces settled with Sweden's ally France and the Swedish king Charles XI married Danish princess Ulrike Eleonora, sister of Christian V. Peace was made on behalf of France with the treaties of Fontainebleau and Lund (Sweden and Denmark) and Saint-Germain-en-Laye (Sweden and Brandenburg), restoring most of the lost territories to Sweden. In the 1660s and early 1670s, the Swedish Empire experienced a financial crisis. In hope of subsidies, Charles XI of Sweden had entered the anti-French Triple Alliance with the Dutch Republic and the Kingdom of England, which broke apart when Charles II of England rapproached France in 1670, after the War of Devolution. In April 1672, Sweden and France concluded an alliance, with France promising 400,000 riksdalers of subsidies in peace time, to be raised to 600,000 in war time, for Sweden maintaining a 16,000 men strong army in her German dominions. Also, Sweden maintained good relations to the Dukes of Holstein-Gottorp south of Denmark. By September 1674, Sweden had enlarged her army to 22,000 men after France had increased the subsidies to 900,000 riksdalers, which she threatened to withdraw if Sweden was not using this army, stationed in Swedish Pomerania, for an attack on her adversaries. By December, the Swedish army had grown to 25,000 to 26,000 men, 4,000 to 5,000 of whom stationed in Bremen, 2,000 to 3,000 in Wismar, 6,000 to 7,000 in Pomeranian garrisons, and 13,000 free to operate under Lord High Constable and field marshal Carl Gustaf Wrangel. Another defensive alliance formed in September 1672 between Denmark, Emperor Leopold I, the Electorate of Brandenburg, and the duchies of Brunswick-Celle, Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and Hesse-Cassel. This alliance maintained an army of 21,000 foot and 10,500 horse, and since May 1673, an additional 12,000 men and twenty vessels maintained with Dutch subsidies. At that time in history, Brandenburg was the second most powerful German state (the most powerful being Austria), and maintained its own standing army of 23,000 men. The Netherlands had been attacked by the French army in 1672, known as the rampjaar, and the ensuing Franco-Dutch War would only be concluded by the Treaties of Nijmegen in 1678. "Roi soleil" Louis XIV intended to weaken the anti-French alliance by engaging them on their eastern frontiers: he supported John Sobieski, candidate for the Polish throne, he also supported a contemporary revolt of nobles in Hungary, and aimed at binding the Brandenburgian army in a war with Sweden. In December 1674, Louis XIV of France called upon Sweden to invade Brandenburg. Wrangel advanced into the Uckermark, a region on the Brandenburg-Pomeranian frontier, securing quarters for his forces until the weather would permit him to turn westwards to Hanover. Frederick William I, Elector of Brandenburg received the news in the Rhine valley, and turned northeast to confront Wrangel. On 18 June (OS) or 28 June (NS) the armies met in the Battle of Fehrbellin The Fehrbellin affair was a mere skirmish, with actual casualties amounting to fewer than 600 men—but it was a defeat by a numerically inferior force from a territory Sweden had little regard for. As a result of this defeat, Sweden appeared vulnerable, encouraging neighbouring countries that had suffered invasion by Sweden in the prior Swedish campaigns to join in the Scanian War. Wrangel retreated to Swedish Demmin. When the United Provinces initially asked for Danish support against the French and their allies in the Franco-Dutch War, Danish-Norwegian King Christian V wanted to join them, and go to war with Sweden immediately to recapture the historically Danish provinces of Scania and Halland. Count Peder Griffenfeld, an influential royal adviser, advised against it, and instead advocated a more pro-France policy. But when the numerically superior Swedes lost the Battle of Fehrbellin on June 28, 1675, it was the first such defeat of Swedish forces since the Thirty Years' War. Christian V saw his chance, and overcoming Griffenfeld's opposition, attacked. The second largest Swedish garrison in North Germany, after Swedish Pomerania, was the twin Duchy of Bremen-Verden. For political reasons, and to prevent the Swedes from advertising and recruiting mercenaries, the Allies decided to conquer these two duchies. Denmark and Brandenburg-Prussia were joined by allies from the neighboring imperial principalities of Münster and the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg. The campaign began on 15 September 1675 with an Allied advance into the two Swedish duchies. They rapidly captured one Swedish fortress after another. The Swedes were hampered by the high number of mainly German deserters because, after the imposition of the Imperial Ban it was forbidden to take up arms against member states of the Holy Roman Empire. By the end of the year only the Swedish headquarters town of Stade and Carlsburg were still in Swedish hands. In November the Allies sent their troops into winter quarters with the result that the conquest of the last remaining Swedish strongholds had to wait until the following year. Stade did not surrender until 13 August 1676. This theatre of war was nevertheless only of secondary importance for the Allies and for Sweden. At this point, the Swedish empire in Germany began to crumble. In 1675, most of Swedish Pomerania and the Duchy of Bremen were taken by the Brandenburgers, Austrians, and Danes. In December 1677, the elector of Brandenburg captured Stettin. Stralsund fell on October 11, 1678. Greifswald, Sweden's last possession on the continent, was lost on November 5. A defensive alliance with John III of Poland, concluded on August 4, 1677, was rendered inoperative by the annihilation of Sweden's sea-power, the Battle of Öland, June 17, 1676; Battle of Fehmarn, June 1677, and the difficulties of the Polish king. The Danish recapture of Scania (which had been in captured by Sweden in 1658) started with the seizure of Helsingborg on June 29, 1676. Danish king Christian V brought 15,000 troops against a defending Swedish army of 5,000 men, who spread out over the province. Initially the operation was a great success. Large parts of the local peasantry sided with Denmark and the outnumbered Swedish troops were in bad shape. Town after town fell into the hands of the Danes and the Swedes had to retreat north to Sweden proper. In a month's time only the fortified town of Malmö remained under Swedish control. Norwegian history records the campaigns in Norway (or in formerly Norwegian provinces) as the Gyldenløve War; it was named after Governor-General Ulrik Frederick Gyldenløve, who as commander-in-chief directed the Norwegian offensive. The Norwegian offensives were generally successful, but served only to offset the Danish setbacks elsewhere. Simultaneously with the Danish invasion, Norway's forces were marshaled along the border to force the Swedes to deal with the prospect of fighting a two-front war. A force of 4,000 Norwegians was concentrated at Fredrikshald under the command of General Russenstein, both protecting against any Swedish attempts to invade and threatening to retake the formerly Norwegian province of Bohuslän. The Swedish General Ascheberg took position at Svarteborg with 2,000 men. Operations along the Norwegian-Swedish border during 1675 were largely skirmishes to test strength, as mountain passes were well guarded. Gyldenløve then directed 1000 men in galleys to proceed down the coast and cut off Ascheberg's supply route; as Ascheberg had intelligence of the effort, it was unsuccessful. Both armies went into winter quarters in the border districts. In 1676 Gyldenløve personally led Norwegian forces in the field. His Norwegian army took and fortified the pass at Kvistrum and proceeded south, seizing Uddevalla with minimal opposition. Swedish forces provided significantly more resistance to the attack on Vänersborg, but Gyldenløve's forces captured it. From there his forces moved to Bohus where they were supplemented by General Tønne Huitfeldt's army of 5000 men. In early August a Danish expedition was sent north to take the town of Halmstad and then advance along the Swedish west coast to seek contact with General Gyldenløve's forces. This led to the Battle of Fyllebro where Charles XI of Sweden won a decisive victory over the Danish mercenary force led by a Scotsman, General Duncan, effectively preventing the linking of forces. The Swedes then retreated north to gather more troops. Christian V brought his army to Halmstad and besieged the town for a couple of weeks but gave up and returned to winter quarters in Scania. Despite the Danish forces defeat at Fyllebro, the successful recapture of Scania allowed Norwegian troops to regain formerly Norwegian Bohuslän. During the winter of 1677, the Norwegian army was increased to 17,000 men, allowing operations to increase further. Gyldenløve captured the fortress at Marstrand in July and joined forces with General Løvenhjelm. The Swedes mounted a counteroffensive under the command of Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie, sending an army of 8,000 to expel the Norwegian forces. They were defeated by the Norwegians, and forced to retreat, holding only Bohus Fortress in Bohuslän. In August 1677, Norwegian forces of 2,000 men, led by General Reinhold von Hoven and General Christian Shultz also retook formerly Norwegian Jämtland. Although Bohuslän and Jämtland were former Norwegian provinces and the forces in both locations were well received by the native populations there, things went badly for Denmark-Norway in the Scanian campaigns, and the Norwegian forces withdrew when ordered to do so by King Christian V. On October 24, 1676, the Swedish king Charles XI marched back into Scania with an army of 12,000, forcing the Danes in the defensive. After a number of skirmishes the Danish army was badly beaten in the Battle of Lund on December 4. Despite gains by Gyldenløve in the north, the Swedish offensive of Charles XI tipped the scale. After failing to take Malmö and the defeat at the Battle of Landskrona the Danish Army in Scania was still not beaten, but the morale was definitely broken. However the Danes held the fortified town of Landskrona and was able to ship in more Dutch and German mercenaries and in July 1678 Christian V marched east to rescue the diminishing Danish garrison in the town of Kristianstad besieged by the Swedes. After facing the whole Swedish army on the plain west of Kristianstad Christian V opted not to give battle but to retreat back to Landskrona and evacuate all his troops from Scania. The war was also fought at sea. In the Battle of Öland, June 1, 1676, the Danish and Dutch fleet won a great victory over the Swedes, sinking one of the largest naval vessels at that time, "Kronan". With the victory they got control of the Baltic sea. The Danes won another significant victory in the Battle of Fehmarn on 31 May 1677. The battle was located between Fehmarn and Warnemünde, north of modern-day Germany. The Danes had been blockading a Swedish squadron in Göteborg (Gothenburg), and each side had been sending fleets out regularly in the hope of a decisive victory at sea. The Swedish ships, under Erik Carlsson Sjöblad, left to return to the Baltic Sea and there met a larger Danish squadron under Admiral Niels Juel. The action started in the evening of the 31st and continued until the next morning. It was an almost complete Danish victory. Several Swedish ships were captured, most as they tried to flee, and one was run aground and burned. The control at sea was secured a year later, when the Danish fleet, led by Niels Juel, again defeated the Swedish fleet at the Battle of Køge Bay, near Copenhagen. The Swedes lost over 3,000 men in this engagement, while the Danish only suffered some 375 casualties. The Danish success at sea hindered the Swedish ability to move troops between northern Germany and Sweden. Peace was negotiated between France (on behalf of Sweden) and Denmark at the Treaty of Fontainebleau on August 23, 1679. The peace, which was largely dictated by France, stipulated that all territory lost by Sweden during the war should be returned. Thus the terms formulated at the Treaty of Copenhagen remained in force. It was reaffirmed by the Treaty of Lund, signed by Denmark-Norway and Sweden themselves. Denmark received minor war reparations from Sweden and returned Swedish Rügen. Likewise, the Electorate of Brandenburg had to return most of her gains, Bremen-Verden and Swedish Pomerania, with the exception of most of Swedish Pomeranian territory east of the Oder, to Sweden on behalf of France in the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye. On the ground in Scania itself, however, the war had a devastating effect in raising the hopes of the pro-Danish guerilla known as Snapphane, who thereupon suffered savage repression from the reinstated Swedish authorities. </doc> <doc id="2338910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338910" title="Fire Watch (book)"> Fire Watch (book) Fire Watch is a book of short stories by Connie Willis, first published in 1984, that touches on time travel, nuclear war, the end of the world, and cornball humour. The title story, "Fire Watch", is about a time-travelling historian who goes back to the Blitz in London. He's miffed because he spent years preparing to travel with St. Paul and gets sent to St. Paul's Cathedral in London, instead. This model of time travel also features in Willis's subsequent novels "Doomsday Book", "To Say Nothing of the Dog" and "Blackout/All Clear", set in the same continuity. The stories are: This was Connie Willis's first collection. David Pringle rated "Fire Watch" three stars out of four, and described Willis as a "talented new writer". Several of the stories won or were nominated for awards: </doc> <doc id="2338915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338915" title="Douglass Residential College"> Douglass Residential College Douglass Residential College, a school part of Rutgers University, is an innovative undergraduate higher education institution specifically for women, which succeeded the liberal arts Douglass College after it was merged with the other undergraduate liberal arts colleges at Rutgers to form the School of Arts and Sciences in 2007. (The school, which is still generally known as "Douglass," was originally named New Jersey College for Women when it was founded in 1918 and then renamed Douglass College in 1955 in honor of its first dean.) Female students enrolled at any of the academic undergraduate schools at Rutgers–New Brunswick, including, e.g., the School of Arts and Sciences, School of Engineering, School of Environmental and Biological Sciences, School of Pharmacy, Mason Gross School of the Arts, may now also enroll in Douglass Residential College, at which they must satisfy additional requirements specific to the college. Douglass seeks to provide the benefits of a close-knit small community of women students and offers programs specially designed to help women students to identify their unique abilities and develop confidence. These programs include, for example, a strong emphasis on global education, including opportunities to participate in service/learning trips in foreign countries, and a wide range of training and enrichment activities offered by a career and leadership development center. </doc> <doc id="2338923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338923" title="Secret Cities"> Secret Cities Secret Cities is an independent rock band from North Dakota. Its founding members, Charles Gokey and Marie J. Parker, met at a band camp in July 2001, while in high school. Although the two lived 500 km apart, in Fargo, North Dakota and Williston, North Dakota, respectively, the two started making music by exchanging tapes in the mail and composing using four-track recorders. They continued in this fashion until February 2004, when the pair changed their name to The Foliage and put out their first release on Fall Records, a split with In Ink Please entitled "How to Make Better Love." In July 2005 the band released a mini-LP, "Zurich" on Fall Records under the moniker The White Foliage. The group also added a third member, Alex Abnos, during a tour of the Midwest in that year. In 2008, after an extended hiatus, the band released the Bright Teeth EP, marking a shift toward a poppy-er, more electronic sound. The band changed its name to Secret Cities after signing to Western Vinyl Records in 2010 where they have since released three full-length albums. As The White Foliage: As Secret Cities: </doc> <doc id="2338934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338934" title="Remake (novel)"> Remake (novel) Remake is a 1995 science fiction novel by Connie Willis. It was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 1996. The book displays a dystopic near future, when computer animation and sampling have reduced the movie industry to software manipulation. </doc> <doc id="2338935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338935" title="Kenneth Stowe"> Kenneth Stowe Sir Kenneth Ronald Stowe (17 July 1927 – 29 August 2015) was a senior British civil servant. He was Principal Private Secretary to the Prime Minister 1975 to 1979, and the Permanent Under-Secretary of State of the Northern Ireland Office 1979 to 1981. From 1981 to 1987 he was Permanent Secretary of the Department of Health and Social Security. He was made a CB in 1977, CVO in 1979, and KCB in 1980 and a GCB in 1986. He died on 29 August 2015. </doc> <doc id="2338947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338947" title="Abrin"> Abrin Abrin is an extremely toxic toxalbumin found in the seeds of the rosary pea (or jequirity pea), "Abrus precatorius". It has a median toxic dose of 0.7 micrograms per kilogram of body mass when given to mice intravenously (approximately 31.4 times more toxic than ricin, being 22 micrograms per kilogram). The median toxic dose for humans ranges from 10 to 1000 micrograms per kilogram when ingested and is 3.3 micrograms per kilogram when inhaled. Abrin is a ribosome inhibiting protein like ricin, a toxin which can be found in the seeds of the castor oil plant and pulchellin, a toxin which can be found in the seeds of the Abrus pulchellus tenuiflorus. It is classed as a "Select Agent" under U.S. law. Abrin is a water-soluble lectin. Abrin in powdered form is yellowish-white. It is a stable substance and can withstand extreme environmental conditions. Though it is combustible, it does not polymerize easily and is not particularly volatile. Abrin is not known to have been weaponised. Abrin naturally occurs in the seeds of the rosary pea, a plant common to tropical regions that is occasionally employed as an herbal remedy for certain conditions. While the outer shell of the seed protects its contents from the stomachs of most mammals, the seed coats are occasionally punctured to make beaded jewelry. This can lead to poisoning if a seed is swallowed, or if such jewelry is worn against damaged skin. Abrin has been shown to act as an immunoadjuvant in the treatment of cancer in mice. Abrin works by penetrating the cells of the body and inhibiting cell protein synthesis. By attaching to a carbohydrate chain on the cell surface, the abrin molecule anchors itself to the cell, is subsequently engulfed and enters the inner parts of the cell where it reacts with a ribosomal subunit and interferes with the normal protein synthesis process of the cell. Without these proteins, cells cannot survive. This is harmful to the human body and can be fatal even in small exposures. The severity of the effects of abrin poisoning vary on the means of exposure to the substance (whether inhaled, ingested, or injected). Exposure to abrin on the skin can cause an allergic reaction, indicated by blisters, redness, irritation, and pain. The major symptoms of abrin poisoning depend on the route of exposure and the dose received, though many organs may be affected in severe cases. In general, symptoms can appear anywhere between several hours to several days after exposure. Initial symptoms of abrin poisoning by inhalation may occur within 8 hours of exposure but a more typical time course is 18–24 hours; they can prove fatal within 36–72 hours. Following ingestion of abrin, initial symptoms usually occur rapidly, but can take up to 5 days to appear. The later signs and symptoms of exposure are caused by abrin's cytotoxic effects, killing cells in the kidney, liver, adrenal glands, and central nervous system. Within a few hours of inhaling abrin, common symptoms include fever, cough, airway irritation, chest tightness, pulmonary edema (excess fluid accumulated in the lungs), and nausea. This makes breathing difficult (called dyspnea), and the skin might turn blue in a condition called cyanosis, putting the person in respiratory distress. Excess fluid in the lungs can be diagnosed by x-ray or by listening to the chest with a stethoscope. As the effects of abrin progress, a person can become diaphoretic (sweating heavily) and fluid can build up further. Their blood pressure may drop dramatically, keeping oxygen from reaching the brain and other vital organs in a condition called shock, and respiratory failure may occur, which can be fatal within 36 to 72 hours. If an exposure to abrin by inhalation is not fatal, the airway can become sensitized or irritated. Swallowing any amount of abrin can lead to severe symptoms. Early symptoms include nausea, vomiting, pain in the mouth, throat, and esophagus, diarrhea, dysphagia (trouble swallowing), and abdominal cramps and pain. As the symptoms progress, bleeding and inflammation begins in the gastrointestinal tract. The affected person can vomit up blood (hematemesis), have blood in their feces, which creates a black, tarry stool called melena, and more internal bleeding. Loss of blood volume and water from nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and bleeding causes blood pressure to drop and organ damage to begin, which can be seen as the person begins to have somnolence/drowsiness, hematuria (blood in the urine), stupor, convulsions, polydipsia (excessive thirst), and oliguria (low urine production). This ultimately results in multi-system organ failure, hypovolemic shock, vascular collapse, and death. Abrin can be absorbed through broken skin or absorbed through the skin if dissolved in certain solvents. It can also be injected in small pellets and absorbed through contact with the eyes. Abrin in the powder or mist form can cause redness and pain in the eyes (i.e. conjunctivitis) in small doses. Small doses absorbed through the eyes can also cause tearing (lacrimation). Higher doses can cause tissue damage, severe bleeding at the back of the eye (retinal hemorrhage), and vision impairment or blindness. A large enough dose can be absorbed into the bloodstream and lead to systemic toxicity. Because no antidote exists for abrin, the most important factor is avoiding abrin exposure in the first place. If exposure cannot be avoided, the most important factor is then getting the abrin off or out of the body as quickly as possible. Abrin exposure can be prevented when it is present in large quantities by wearing appropriate personal protective equipment. Abrin poisoning is treated with supportive care to minimize the effects of the poisoning. This care varies based on the route of exposure and the time since exposure. For recent ingestion, administration of activated charcoal and gastric lavage are both options. Using an emetic (vomiting agent) is not a useful treatment. In cases of eye exposure, flushing the eye with saline helps to remove abrin. Oxygen therapy, airway management, assisted ventilation, monitoring, IV fluid administration, and electrolyte replacement are also important components of treatment. </doc> <doc id="2338951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338951" title="Charles William Kerr"> Charles William Kerr Charles William Kerr (2 April 1875 – 18 July 1951) was an American Presbyterian clergyman who served as pastor of First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma from 1900 to 1941. Kerr was the first permanent Protestant Christian pastor in Tulsa, arriving in 1900. Kerr was born April 2, 1875, to Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Kerr in Slippery Rock, Pennsylvania. The Kerrs were an old Scots Presbyterian Lowland family who had immigrated to western Pennsylvania in the 19th century. Kerr graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Slippery Rock Normal Teachers College (now Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania) in Slippery Rock, Pennsylvania. He studied for the Presbyterian ministry at Western Theological Seminary in Allegheny, Pennsylvania (a forerunner of the present Pittsburgh Theological Seminary), then transferred to McCormick Theological Seminary in Chicago, Illinois, graduated in 1898 and was ordained. On 6 September 1898, Kerr married Anna Elizabeth Coe, born on 6 April 1876. The Coes were Pennsylvania abolitionists who participated in the pre-Civil War underground railway to assist escaping slaves. On their wedding day Charles and Mrs. Kerr left Pennsylvania for Edmond, Oklahoma Territory as Presbyterian missionaries to the Indians and freedmen (Blacks freed from slavery) living in what is now Oklahoma. They had two children, Hawley and Margaret. On Saturday, February 10, 1900, Kerr said that he was "called" to be pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Tulsa, then a sleepy Creek Indian village in Indian Territory at the crossing of the Frisco and Midland Valley Railroad tracks. His first church was a gothic-styled clapboard wooden church. Kerr was the first permanent Protestant Christian pastor in Tulsa, and the only one until the Baptists obtained a resident minister in 1906. As an early day missionary, Kerr frequently went to Tulsa's "skid row" on First Street to pray, kneeling in the gutter with drunk cowboys on Friday and Saturday nights to lead them to Christ. The 1901 discovery of crude oil transformed Tulsa into a boomtown — the "Oil Capital of the World" — as well as transforming the Kerrs' original missionary vocation to Indians and Freedmen into the pastorate of an all-white church. Tulsa rapidly grew from a population of 600 to 72,000 by 1921: 60,000 whites and 12,000 Blacks. Tulsa's Black district was named "Greenwood". Early on, Kerr made friends with the Black pastors in Greenwood, who were publicly disdained by Tulsa's other prominent white clergy. On the afternoon and evening of May 30, 1921, a large crowd of white people began assembling outside of the Tulsa County Courthouse at 6th Street and Boulder Avenue. The size of the crowd was estimated at two thousand people. Many of these demanded that the sheriff turn over Dick Rowland to them, clearly indicating that they intended to lynch the young man. The sheriff was determined to prevent a lynching and refused their demands. Instead, he and several armed deputies barricaded the building. In the early evening, the sheriff addressed the crowd and told them to go home. Meanwhile, some of the black clergymen called Reverend Kerr on the telephone and asked for his assistance. After discussing the situation with his family, Kerr responded by going to the courthouse and pleading with the would-be lynch mob to go home. The mob ignored his plea and continued threatening to storm the building. The next day, after armed whites invaded the Greenwood district, black clergymen again called Kerr for assistance. On his own, not waiting to meet with the church session (the governing body of any Presbyterian church), Kerr opened the church basement to temporarily house refugees from the violence. An opera commemorating Reverend Kerr and his intervention against the Tulsa Race Riot was composed by Lindsay Davidson in 2004 to a libretto by Dr Tom Hubbard. According to a family website called "The Grandfather Kerr Clan Webpage": His favourite story as a guest preacher in Greenwood churches was that of the African, Simon of Cyrene, a Black man who was a gardener with two sons named Alexander and Rufus (common names in Greenwood): Kerr often brought food and clothes to, prayed with, and found jobs for the many homeless people (Black, white, and Indian), living under Tulsa's 11th Street Bridge, forgotten by oil-rich Tulsans. After the Dawes Act of 1877 led to the Land Run of 1889, Indians lost most of their territory to usurping Southern poor whites and the petroleum industry. Having personally witnessed Indians being swindled out of their lands and rights with whiskey, Kerr became the foremost temperance crusader in Oklahoma. Kerr's sense of social justice motivated him to sponsor an annual Labour Day service for all trade union members at Tulsa's First Presbyterian Church to encourage democratic unionism as a vehicle for needed social, economic, and political change. He opposed from his pulpit attempts by the local oilmen to bust unions. Kerr held annual summer tent revivals in the vacant lot next to the Tulsa County Courthouse. He brought guests speakers such as Billy Sunday, William Jennings Bryan, and Carrie Nation to Tulsa. As a fellow temperance crusader, Nation frequently stayed with the Kerrs in their home, where she organised raids against the illegal sale of liquor in Tulsa. In 1932, Kerr was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America. Kerr was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame in 1934. Kerr retired as Senior Minister at First Presbyterian in April, 1941 and became Pastor Emeritus. He then became Chaplain of Hillcrest Memorial Hospital in Tulsa. He died on July 18, 1951. He was buried in Rose Hill Cemetery on July 20, 1951. His wife was buried beside him on March 24, 1969. </doc> <doc id="2338953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338953" title="Uncharted Territory (novella)"> Uncharted Territory (novella) Uncharted Territory is a science fiction novella by Connie Willis. Published in 1994, it follows three humans sent to explore an alien world, accompanied by a native guide, in an "archly written satire... of political correctness" </doc> <doc id="2338957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338957" title="Rutland–Southern Vermont Regional Airport"> Rutland–Southern Vermont Regional Airport Rutland – Southern Vermont Regional Airport , is a state-owned, public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) south of the central business district of Rutland, a city in Rutland County, Vermont, United States. Situated in North Clarendon, it was formerly known as Rutland State Airport. Scheduled commercial service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service and provided by Cape Air, with three flights daily on nine-passenger Cessna 402 aircraft to Boston with typical flight times of 40 minutes. Rutland – Southern Vermont Regional Airport is the closest commercial service airport to the mountain resorts of Killington, Pico, Okemo, Stratton, Bromley, Magic Mountain, and Mount Snow. In addition, Suicide Six and Ascutney Mountain resorts are included in RSVRA's airport service area. Rutland – Southern Vermont is an FAA Part 139 certificated airport. As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had the following passenger boardings ("enplanements") in recent calendar years: It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2013–2017, which categorized it as a "non-primary commercial service" airport (between 2,500 and 10,000 enplanements per year). Total air cargo carried in 2006 was approximately 520,000 pounds with 1,560 cargo operations via FedEx and UPS. Legislation was introduced into the Vermont Senate in January 2007 to change the official name of the airport to Rutland–Southern Vermont Regional Airport. The state agency of transportation, meanwhile, had plans to change the name to Rutland/Southwest Vermont Regional Airport. This provoked some opposition from the town of Bennington on the grounds that the William H. Morse State Airport (located in the town), is currently known as "Southwest Vermont's Airport". The agency indicated that it intended to go ahead with the name change anyway, claiming that Bennington's opposition came too late in the process. However, the agency changed the name to Rutland Southern Vermont Regional Airport on August 15, 2007. Rutland – Southern Vermont Regional Airport covers an area of 345 acres (140 ha) at an elevation of 787 feet (240 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 01/19 is 5,303 by 100 feet (1,525 x 30 m) and 13/31 is 3,170 by 75 feet (966 x 23 m). Runway 19 has a 300-foot EMAS arresting system on the end. For the 12-month period ending July 30, 2011, the airport had 31,770 aircraft operations, an average of 87 per day: 75% general aviation, 22% air taxi, and 3% military. At that time there were 45 aircraft based at this airport: 80% single-engine, 9% multi-engine, 4% jet, 4% helicopter, and 2% ultralight. Currently, the Rutland – Southern Vermont Regional Airport Technical Advisory Committee is proposing a runway extension to alleviate the constraints posed by the current main runway length. In its current configuration, runway 01/19 is not long enough or wide enough to accommodate aircraft larger than a BAC 111 or a DC-9. Part 91 Subpart K, imposed by the FAA on fractional jet operators in 2005 has reduced runway planning performance by 40 percent. The following airline offers scheduled passenger service: </doc> <doc id="2338963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338963" title="Champion v. Ames"> Champion v. Ames Champion v. Ames, 188 U.S. 321 (1903), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court which held that trafficking lottery tickets constituted interstate commerce that could be regulated by the U.S. Congress under the Commerce Clause. Congress enacted the Federal Lottery Act in 1895, which prohibited the sending of lottery tickets across state lines. The appellant, Charles Champion, was indicted for shipping Paraguayan lottery tickets from Texas to California. The indictment was challenged on the grounds that the power to regulate commerce does not include the power to prohibit commerce of any item. Most important in this case was that the Supreme Court recognized that Congress' power to regulate interstate traffic is plenary. That is, the power is complete in and of itself. This wide discretion allowed Congress to regulate traffic as it sees fit, within Constitutional limits, even to the extent of prohibiting goods, as here. This plenary power is distinct from the aggregate-impact theories later espoused in the Shreveport line of cases. The 5–4 decision upholding the statute was authored by Justice John Marshall Harlan. The dissent by Chief Justice Fuller was joined by Justice Brewer, Justice Shiras, and Justice Peckham. </doc> <doc id="2338965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338965" title="Illinois Route 336"> Illinois Route 336 Illinois Route 336 (IL 336, also known as the Thomas A. Oakley Memorial Highway) is a four-lane freeway/expressway combination that serves western Illinois. It is also used by the Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT) as a part of Federal-Aid Primary Highway 315 (FAP315) to refer to a future project connecting the cities of Quincy and Peoria via underserved Macomb. As of early 2018, the highway extends north from its starting point in Fowler (near Quincy) where U.S. Route 24 (US 24) and Interstate 172 (I-172) intersect, to US 67 just north of Macomb. IL 336 is long. For its entire length, IL 336 is a four-lane divided expressway without property access, but has many at-grade intersections with sideroads. The only interchanges currently built on IL 336 are with US 136/IL 94/Hancock County Road 1500 in Carthage and IL 61 at Mendon. IL 336 overlaps IL 61 from south of Mendon to south of Loraine. These two roads serve the Adams County Fairgrounds. Further north, IL 336 overlaps IL 94 about past Loraine, and continues until IL 336 intersects with US 136 in Carthage. (IL 94 continues north to near the Quad Cities.) IL 336 bypasses Carthage to the south and east, with a full interchange (US 136) east of Carthage. The highway turns east and overlaps US 136 east of Carthage toward Macomb. Highway bridges over two branches of the LaMoine River as well as an overpass for the BNSF Railway and IL 61 carry the highway east with new alignments south of both Tennessee and Colchester. IL 61 has an at-grade T-intersection with the highway at the same location as the alignment of US 136. The two highways are concurrent to the point west of BNSF Railway overpass, where US 136 splits off to its former alignment through Tennessee and Colchester. IL 336 continues east and turns north to Macomb. There is an underpass under BNSF Railway and then two ramps which end in T-intersections with US 136. The route ends west of Macomb, awaiting state and federal funding for an eventual bypass northwest of Macomb [WIU side of city]. At this point, IL 336 ends temporarily until further construction is completed. North of Macomb along US 67, there will be a full interchange that will connect with the northern portion of the recently completed IL 336 west of Macomb. This segment was scheduled to be completed in 2008 or 2009, but delayed because of Illinois and federal funding issues. Road grading and bridge work started in middle of 2013. The projection is still $20 million underfunded. Construction on the Macomb bypass started in 2016, with the first phase of project expected to be completed by October 2017. The Peoria-to-Macomb corridor being studied closely parallels US 136 to Marietta, and then IL 95 to Cuba, along Hickory Road (old strip mining area) to Canton, north on IL 78 to Farmington, then turning east along IL 116 to the Peoria area. The existing interchange (exit 3 on I-474) at West Farmington Road would serve as the logical eastern terminus. There are four proposed routes within the corridor between these two points that are being considered. This Fulton County corridor is not currently funded. The Quincy inspired highway was vigorously opposed by State Representative Bill Edley, (D-Macomb). Edley considered the four-lane project a waste of taxpayer money compared to other west-central Illinois highway priorities, such as constructing a four-lane US67 highway from the Quad-Cities through Macomb to Alton and St. Louis; connecting the Macomb region to Peoria, and maintaining the region’s farm-to-market highways. Edley successfully placed an amendment on 1993 IDOT transportation funding legislation (HB1246) reducing to $1.00 Quincy project’s state funding, but funding was later restored. “There is little benefit to Illinois taxpayers in spending $300 million for a four-lane highway connecting Macomb, a community of 20,000 , to Quincy, a community of 40,000,” Edley said at the time. “Our region has been called “Forgottonia” because we don’t have modern highway connections to major markets, such as St. Louis, Peoria, and Quad-Cities. Connecting two small communities within our region only maintains our isolation.” Earlier, Edley had been successful in funding the $100M Quad-City US67 four-lane link from Monmouth to Macomb. Illinois Democrats lost their House majority in the 1994 GOP landslide election, and Edley was defeated as well. Twenty-two years later neither the Corridor US 67 to St. Louis, or access to the Peoria and Chicago markets have been built or funded. In the mid-1990s, the road west from Springfield to south of Quincy, US 36, was cosigned I-72. As a result of this change, IL 336 from Fall Creek at the current junction with I-72, north to Fowler, was renamed from I-72/IL 336 to simply I-172. The upgrade of US 36 to Interstate standards provided Quincy with a much needed regional freeway. I-172 is a non-chargeable Interstate Highway, inasmuch it was built entirely with state funds designated as the original IL 336, until it received its I-172 designation. The completion of I-72 left only one other area in the state without regional freeway access—the area between Galesburg and Quincy. Specifically, Macomb and Western Illinois University are currently an hour and a half from the nearest Interstate Highways between the Illinois and Mississippi rivers in Illinois, I-74 to the north and I-72 to the south. IDOT launched a series of studies to help facilitate access to west central Illinois, colloquially named Forgottonia for the lack of highways through the region. Currently in progress are upgrades (to a four-lane expressway) of US 67 from US 34 in Monmouth (near Galesburg) south to Macomb, and US 67 from Macomb south to Alton, near St. Louis, Missouri. Also under way is a similar upgrade of IL 336 from Quincy to Macomb. The Peoria-to-Macomb study involves an eastern link from Macomb to Peoria alongside existing US 136. The corridor being studied runs from US 67 east to I-474, and has been studied since the 1950s by Illinois and federal agencies as a potential link between Chicago and Kansas City, Missouri, the Chicago-Kansas City Expressway. As of May 2006, the corridor study had identified two alternatives for IL 336. The route would be a limited-access freeway for a few miles outside of Macomb to Bardolph, and again for a few miles outside of Peoria, east of Hanna City. For either alternative, IL 336 would be constructed as an expressway between Hanna City and Bardolph. In Illinois, an expressway allows partial access to the highway, with direct access to the expressway from private residences and fields, while retaining interchanges and frontage roads for businesses and arterial state routes. The completion of IL 336 would also relieve congestion on US 24, currently the only direct route between Peoria and Quincy. It would also allow Peoria-to-Quincy traffic to avoid the alternate route—I-155 south to I-55 through Springfield, to I-72 west. This combination of highways is currently the fastest route between Peoria and Quincy. IL 336 would shave at least and up to an hour off the trip. Currently, both US 24 and the I-155/I-55/I-72 routes require upwards of 3.25 hours of travel. This route would also provide a faster route from Peoria to reach cities such as Kansas City and Denver. The bypass around Macomb will be up to Interstate standards. </doc> <doc id="2338970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338970" title="French adverbs"> French adverbs French adverbs, like their English counterparts, are used to modify adjectives, other adverbs, and verbs or clauses. They do not display any inflection; that is, their form does not change to reflect their precise role, nor any characteristics of what they modify In French, as in English, most adverbs are derived from adjectives. In most cases, this is done by adding the suffix "-ment" ("-ly") to the adjective's feminine singular form. For example, the feminine singular form of "lent" ("slow") is "lente", so the corresponding adverb is "lentement" ("slowly"); similarly, "heureux" → "heureusement" ("happy" → "happily"). As in English, however, the adjective stem is sometimes modified to accommodate the suffix: Some adverbs are derived from adjectives in completely irregular fashions, not even using the suffix "-ment": And, as in English, many common adverbs are not derived from adjectives at all: The placement of French adverbs is almost the same as the placement of English adverbs. An adverb that modifies an adjective or adverb comes before that adjective or adverb: An adverb that modifies an infinitive (verbal noun) generally comes after the infinitive: But negative adverbs, such as "pas" ("not"), "plus" ("not any more"), and "jamais", come before the infinitive: An adverb that modifies a main verb or clause comes either after the verb, or before the clause: Note that, unlike in English, this is true even of negative adverbs: peu=a little rarement=rarely beaucoup=a lot </doc> <doc id="2338979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338979" title="Bellwether (novel)"> Bellwether (novel) Bellwether, is a 1996 science fiction novel by Connie Willis. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1997. The main character, Dr. Sandra Foster, studies fads in Boulder, Colorado. Her employer, Hi-Tek, wants to know how to predict fads, in order to take advantage of this knowledge and thus to possibly create one. While Dr. Foster is extensively researching and analysing fads, Hi-Tek itself is swept by management fads. In addition, the Management wants one of its employees to win the mysterious Niebnitz Research Grant (the fictitious award is very similar to the MacArthur Fellowship's Genius Grant). Meanwhile, the employees struggle with chaos created by a self-centered administrative assistant. Willis uses humor to come to an unsettling conclusion. The scientists experiment with sheep, finding that their flocks are led by bellwethers, certain sheep which are "indistinguishable from the rest of the flock, only a little greedier, a little faster, a little hungrier." Analogously, fads are started by some persons among the crowd, who, even without realizing it, are a little ahead of the rest. Willis also creates a subtle reworking of Robert Browning's "Pippa Passes". Browning's work, which is explicitly mentioned in Willis's, tells the story of a cheerful girl named Pippa who in passing by folks in a village influences everyone to the good. In Willis's novel, the administrative assistant Flip likewise influences everyone, though not in a charming manner. Flip and Pippa are both diminutive names for Phillipa. </doc> <doc id="2338988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338988" title="XLM"> XLM XLM may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338990" title="Heidi Collins"> Heidi Collins Heidi Collins (born Heidi Elmquist; June 1, 1967) is an American correspondent and anchor for KMSP-TV Fox 9 News in Minneapolis – Saint Paul prior to her departure on July 29, 2013. She formerly worked for CNN. Collins was born in Minnesota. She graduated from Mounds View High School in Arden Hills and went on to earn a B.S. in Journalism at the University of Maryland. Collins began her career at KFDX-TV in Wichita Falls, Texas. She was later an anchor for KKTV in Colorado Springs and KUSA in Denver, Colorado. She joined CNN in 2002, originally anchoring on CNN Headline News. Eventually, she moved up to "American Morning", the network's morning news program, where she served as news reader and substitute co-anchor. She was replaced on "American Morning" by Carol Costello and became a correspondent/fill-in anchor for "Anderson Cooper 360°" until September 2006. On Veteran's Day in 2008, Collins interviewed President George W. Bush live on the deck of the decommissioned USS Intrepid, an event she calls the highlight of her career. In early 2010, CNN decided not to renew Collins contract. On January 15, 2010, while reporting on the earthquake in Haiti, Sanjay Gupta (CNN's chief medical correspondent) wished Heidi farewell, mentioning that it was her last day. She acknowledged that she was leaving CNN. On September 28, 2010, it was announced that Collins would be joining the Minneapolis-Saint Paul station KMSP-TV Channel 9 News at 5 and 9 PM as an anchor, replacing the retiring Robyne Robinson. Her first broadcast was on Wednesday, October 13, 2010. Collins interviewed newly re-elected Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie on November 3, 2010, interrupting him several times, one time saying "I ask, you answer - Yes?" The combative tone of the interview generated widespread criticism of Collins, with Kevin Hoffman of "City Pages" calling it "insanely hostile, " leaving "some viewers questioning her judgment and fairness." Collins last day on KMSP-TV was on July 29, 2013. Her prepared statement in confirming the departure only indicated that she was going to pursue future opportunities in both television and global business. A local newspaper columnist attempted to contact Collins a number of times to discuss Collins departure from KMSP, however, those attempts were unsuccessful. Collins has received three Edward R. Murrow awards as well as an Associated Press Award in the best documentary category. She was deemed the Most Distinguished Graduate by Mounds View High School. In 1992, she married Matt Collins, a former Air Force fighter pilot. They live in Minnesota with their two sons. Collins enjoys reality television and naps. Collins and one of her sons are among the 1% of the American population diagnosed with Celiac Disease. She reported on the disease on CNN in November 2006 and was the official spokesperson for the National Foundation for Celiac Awareness. Collins has sought to raise public awareness of Celiac (Coeliac) disease. Having recovered from this disease after suffering a miscarriage, Collins has sought to increase public understanding. This disease manifests itself in a severe reaction to gluten, a substance found in most grain-based products and bread. In 2006, Collins became an "official spokesperson" for the National Foundation for Celiac Awareness (NFCA), now called Beyond Celiac. Due to her increased risk of miscarriage caused by the disease, Collins and her husband elected to use a surrogate mother to carry and deliver their second son. </doc> <doc id="2338992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338992" title="1995 NFL season"> 1995 NFL season The 1995 NFL season was the 76th regular season of the National Football League. The league expanded to 30 teams with the addition of the Carolina Panthers and the Jacksonville Jaguars. The two expansion teams were slotted into the two remaining divisions that previously had only four teams (while the other four had five teams): the AFC Central (Jaguars) and the NFC West (Panthers). Meanwhile, the two teams in Los Angeles relocated to other cities: the Rams transferred to St. Louis (but would return to Los Angeles in 2016) and the Raiders moved back to Oakland. During the course of the season it emerged that the Cleveland Browns would relocate to Baltimore for the 1996 season. The Raiders’ move was not announced until after the schedule had been announced, which resulted in a problem in the third week of the season when both the Raiders and the San Francisco 49ers had games scheduled to air on NBC which ended up overlapping each other. The Raiders game was rescheduled for 10:00 AM PDT in case they were to relocate and NBC was given the doubleheader so that both Bay Area teams had their games televised locally. The season ended with Super Bowl XXX, when the Dallas Cowboys defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers 27–17 at the Sun Devil Stadium. They became the first team in NFL history to win three Super Bowls in four years. This season was legendary Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula’s last season as coach. The 1995 season produced four of the top eleven highest single-season totals for receiving yards. The top two receiving yard totals of all time – Jerry Rice's 1,848 & Isaac Bruce's 1,781 – were recorded in 1995. Detroit Lions receiver Herman Moore gained 1,686 yards (6th highest all time) and Dallas Cowboys receiver Michael Irvin gained 1,603 yards (11th most in NFL history). The following players set all-time records during the season: The 1995 NFL Draft was held from April 22 to 23, 1995 at New York City's Theater at Madison Square Garden. With the first pick, the Cincinnati Bengals selected running back Ki-Jana Carter from Penn State University. </doc> <doc id="2338993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338993" title="Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo"> Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo is a 2005 American sex comedy film and a sequel to the 1999 film "", from Happy Madison Productions. Rob Schneider returns in the role of male prostitute Deuce Bigalow who visits his former pimp T.J. (Eddie Griffin) in Amsterdam, and then finds himself looking for a murderer who is killing the greatest "man-whores" of Europe. Unlike "Male Gigolo", distributed by Disney's Touchstone Pictures brand, "European Gigolo" was released by Sony's Columbia Pictures. The film was panned by critics but grossed $45 million on a $22 million budget. Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow's wife Kate has died from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam. Deuce goes to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or "float crib," the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.'s float crib; when T.J. gets back, he immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer's reputation of being well-endowed, unzips his pants and examines his genitalia and is caught by a tour boat. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the killer walking away from Hummer's body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to find the killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and "rooting" out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order of European Man Whores, but fail to procure a list of the clients. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman, T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, mentioning that the lipstick found on the victims "is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66". As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times when Gaspar sneezes. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine's book. Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and tells him that he was once a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified the demonstration was his fiancée. Gaspar was so angry and shocked that he continued to pump until his penis exploded, causing the other men to laugh at him. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to kill them all at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a sword fight with Gaspar, during which he mentions the other romantic ways of pleasing a woman; his words move the ladies in the crowd and the male gigolos. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, a woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy distract Gaspar. Deuce knocks out Gaspar with a trophy taking the bomb detonator. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue's penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. In an epilogue: T.J. stops gay man-whoring and becomes a rapper. Deuce and Eva got married with Eva being pregnant. Gaspar is gang raped in prison, and Kate's prosthetic leg is turned into a bong by a woman without a leg. The film also includes cameos by comedic actor Adam Sandler and actress Elisabetta Canalis. Wes Takahashi, former animator and visual effects supervisor for Industrial Light & Magic, makes a cameo appearance as a news reporter. Eddie Griffin verified in an interview that "a really old stuffed cat" was used during the cat scene. Movie review website Rotten Tomatoes reports 9% of 99 film critics gave the film a positive review. Roger Ebert gave the film a rare "zero star" rating, calling it "aggressively bad, as if it wants to cause suffering to the audience", and describing it as "completely beneath contempt" on his show "Ebert & Roeper". He ranked it as the worst film of 2005, and ultimately included the movie in his most hated films list. Also on "Ebert & Roeper", Richard Roeper called the film "the cinematic equivalent of a bunch of 13-year-old boys in a locker room repeating dirty phrases they've just learned" and "dead on arrival." Ebert also chastized Rob Schneider for his overly zealous defense of the series, referring to an incident in which "Los Angeles Times" critic Patrick Goldstein called Schneider a "third-rate comic." Schneider responded by calling Goldstein a "third-rate, unfunny pompous reporter" in a full-page open letter published in "Daily Variety" and "The Hollywood Reporter". Schneider further claimed that Goldstein was unqualified to review the film since he was not a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist. Ebert, himself having won the Pulitzer Prize, took it upon himself to criticize Schneider in his own review. He ended the review with the quote "Your movie sucks", which would later become the title of a book published by Ebert compiling reviews of films he had awarded below 2/4 stars. Ebert and Schneider ultimately settled their differences, and Schneider sent his well wishes to Ebert during his recovery from thyroid cancer. Ebert responded, "Rob Schneider might (in my opinion) have made a bad movie. He is not a bad man." After Ebert's death, in a letter to his widow Chaz, Schneider would admit that the situation caused him to "reassess what pictures I really wanted to make." The movie was nominated for five Golden Raspberry Awards, including Worst Picture, Worst Screenplay, Worst Remake or Sequel and Worst Screen Couple (Rob Schneider and his diapers) with Schneider winning Worst Actor. The film grossed $9,626,287 on its opening weekend, ranking at #5 behind "Four Brothers", "The Skeleton Key", "The Dukes of Hazzard", and "Wedding Crashers". The film's opening weekend was lower than the first film's $12 million on its opening weekend. The movie closed its run with a gross of $22,400,154 in North America and $22,709,407 internationally for a total of $45,109,561. This was lower than the first film's final gross of $65,538,755 in North America and a worldwide total of $92,938,755. </doc> <doc id="2338997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338997" title="Miracle and Other Christmas Stories"> Miracle and Other Christmas Stories Miracle and Other Christmas Stories, a short story collection by Connie Willis, is about the spirit and theme of Christmas. The stories in the collection are: "F&SF" reviewer Charles de Lint praised the collection, noting "[its] believable characters, moving and/or amusing stories, and that wonderfully patented clean prose that is always the mark of Willis's writing." </doc> <doc id="2338998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338998" title="Gish (disambiguation)"> Gish (disambiguation) Gish is an album by the Smashing Pumpkins. Gish may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339002" title="Goffs, California"> Goffs, California Goffs, an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, is a nearly empty one-time railroad town at the route's high point in the Mojave Desert. Goffs was a stop on famous U.S. Route 66 until 1931 when a more direct road opened between Needles and Essex. Goffs was also home to workers of the nearby Santa Fe Railroad, with Homer east, Fenner south, and Blackburn and Purdy north. Goffs was known as Blake between 1893 and 1902. It was named for Isaac Blake, the builder of the Nevada Southern Railway (later the California Eastern Railway 1895–1923) that commenced here. An early 20th Century general store is the town's largest building (now abandoned). A historic schoolhouse, built in 1914 and almost totally deteriorated by the early 1980s, has since been renovated to its original plans by the Mojave Desert Heritage and Cultural Association (MDHCA). The schoolhouse and grounds now house a museum primarily specializing in the area's mining history. Remnants of Goffs's mining days still dot the town. Goffs is accessible off Interstate 40 at U.S. Highway 95 north. A left turn onto Goffs Road, the pre-1931 alignment of US 66, becomes a desolate forty-mile (64 km) stretch that served as home to several towns that have mostly vanished, including Bannock, Ibis, and the aforementioned Homer. Continuing west on Goffs Road brings motorists back to I-40 northeast of the town of Essex. Goffs Road is featured in the opening scene of the 1984 cult classic Repo Man. Goffs is located at the foothills of the northern terminus of the Piute Mountains; the location is also the southern terminus of the Lanfair Valley which drains south from the east region of the Mojave National Preserve. The drainage is the Sacramento Wash which turns due east to meet the Piute Wash, just west of the Colorado River. Goffs is on the foothill bajadas that drain northward into Sacramento Wash. </doc> <doc id="2339015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339015" title="Lincoln's Dreams"> Lincoln's Dreams Lincoln's Dreams is a 1987 novel by American author Connie Willis about a historical researcher studying the U.S. Civil War who meets a young woman who seems to be dreaming General Lee's dreams. Willis brings to her writing a sense of realism and apparently detailed research into historical aspects of her fiction. This book is about parapsychology, metaphysical speculations, death, and love. "Lincoln's Dreams" won the John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1988, and was nominated for the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel that same year. </doc> <doc id="2339016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339016" title="Rebecca Rotzler"> Rebecca Rotzler Rebecca Rotzler was elected deputy mayor and a trustee of New Paltz, New York, on May 6, 2003; one of the first Green Party candidates elected in New York. In that position she assisted mayor Jason West in performing numerous same-sex marriages in New York, and worked to increase the use of solar and wind power in that community Rotzler did not seek reelection in 2007, the year Jason West was defeated by Democrat Terry Dungan. She was a co-chairs of the Green Party of the United States from July 2005 till July 2007. Rotzler served as co-chair of the Green Party Peace Action Committee, and was a New York State delegate to the Green National Committee. Rotzler is also a member of Alternatives to Military, an organization promoting counter-military recruitment, and 9-11 People Against Racism. She attended the State University of New York at New Paltz, majoring in communication studies. There, she served as president of the university's local Students for a Free Tibet. Rotzler participated as a panelist at the Cornell ILR Global Labor Institute Conference: A North American Labor Assembly on Climate Crisis: Building a Global Movement for Clean Energy, and was a featured speaker at The World Can't Wait "Impeach Bush" Summit. Rotzler expressed interest in the Green Party's Presidential nomination for 2008. </doc> <doc id="2339023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339023" title="Constitutional right"> Constitutional right A constitutional right can be a prerogative or a duty, a power or a restraint of power, recognized and established by a sovereign state or union of states. All constitutional rights are expressly stipulated and written in a consolidated national constitution, which is the supreme law of the land, meaning that any other laws which are in contradiction with it are considered unconstitutional and thus regarded as invalid. Usually any constitution defines the structure, functions, powers, and limits of the national government and the individual freedoms, rights, and obligations which will be protected and enforced when needed by the national authorities. Nowadays, most countries have a written constitution comprising similar or distinct constitutional rights. Since 1789, along with the Constitution of the United States of America (hereinafter U.S. Constitution), which is the oldest and shortest written constitution still in force, around 220 other similar constitutions were adopted around the world by independent states. In the late 18th century, Thomas Jefferson predicted that a period of 20 years will be the optimal time for any Constitution to still be in force since "the earth belongs to the living, and not to the dead." Coincidence or not, according to recent studies the average life expectancy of any new written constitution is around 19 years. However, a great number of constitutions do not exceed more than 10 years and around 10% do not last more than 1 year, as it was the case of the French Constitution from 1971 and not only. The most common reasons for these continuous changes are the political desire of an immediate outcome and the scarcity of time devoted to the constitutional drafting process. A study from 2009 showed that the average time allocated for the drafting part of the process is around 16 months however there were also some extreme cases registered. For example, the Myanmar 2008 Constitution was secretly drafted for more than 17 years, whereas on the other extreme, like the case of the Japan's 1946 Constitution, the bureaucrats drafted everything in no more than a week.Nevertheless, the record for the shortest overall process of drafting, adoption and ratification of a national Constitution belongs to the Romania's 1938 Constitution which installed a royal dictatorship in less than a month. Studies on the matter showed as a general conclusion that usually non-democracies where the registered extreme cases where the constitution-making process either takes too long or is incredibly short. Important not to forget or make any confusions about it is that constitutional rights are not a specific characteristic of democratic countries, but also non-democratic countries have Constitutions, such as North Korea for example, which officially grants every citizen, among other rights, the freedom of expression. Other coded set of laws have existed before the first Constitutions were developed having some similar purpose and functions, like the United Kingdom's 1215 Magna Carta or the Virginia Bill of Rights of 1776. On September 17, 1787 the United States Constitution was signed during the Constitutional Convention (United States) which took place at the Pennsylvania State House in Philadelphia, now the Independence Hall. The oldest person signing the Constitution was Benjamin Franklin, one of the founding fathers, being 81 years old at the time and requesting assistance during the process, whereas the youngest one was Jonathan Dayton from New Jersey, being only 26 years old. James Madison and George Washington were the only two signers that later became Presidents of the United States. Perhaps the first fascinating fact about the U.S. Constitution is its length, containing only 4.400 words and thus being the shortest and oldest written Constitution in the world. Only on December 15, 1791 the Bill of Rights comprising the first 10 Amendments became part of the U.S. Constitution. Later on, other 17 Amendments were added. Thus, the U.S Constitution is summing a total of 27 Amendments and 7 Articles. During all this time, only one amendment overturned a previous one, more precisely the twenty-first Amendment ratified on December 5, 1933 repealed the prohibition of alcohol established by the eighteenth Amendment on January 16, 1919. The provisions providing for rights under the Bill of Rights were originally binding upon only the federal government. In time, most of these provisions became binding upon the states through selective incorporation into the due process clause of the 14th Amendment. When a provision is made binding on a state, a state can no longer restrict the rights guaranteed in that provision. Examples of provisions made binding upon the states are the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution which was made "fully applicable" by being Incorporated with the 14th Amendment in 2010, see, McDonald vs. City of Chicago; the 6th Amendment's guarantee of a right to confrontation of witnesses, known as the Confrontation Clause, and the various provisions of the 1st Amendment, guaranteeing the freedoms of speech, the press, government and assembly. For example, the Fifth Amendment protects the right to grand jury proceedings in federal criminal cases. However, because this right was not selectively incorporated into the due process clause of the 14th amendment, it is not binding upon the states. Therefore, persons involved in state criminal proceedings as a defendant have no federal constitutional right to grand jury proceedings. Whether an individual has a right to a grand jury becomes a question of state law. The content of each Article and Amendment of the U.S. Constitution is easy to predict since they start with a suggestive title. For example, the First Amendment guarantees the freedom of religion, speech, and the press along with the rights of assembly and petition, the Second Amendment the right to bear arms and so on. However, in order to be easier to distinguish, the legal professionals have divided the constitutional rights into two categories: process rights and substantive rights. Whereas, the process rights refer to the powers and obligations of the government with respect to individuals, the substantive rights, more diverse than the process ones, incorporate the individual freedoms granted and protected by the national government. Each of the United States has its own governing Constitution. The States Constitutions are usually longer and written in much more detail than the U.S. Constitution. For example, the Alabama Constitution has more than 600 pages and the New Jersey Constitution of 1947 is three times longer than the U.S. Constitution. The reason for this difference between the federal Constitution and the states Constitutions is what Justice Brennan called 'the new judicial federalism'. meaning that rights granted by the States Constitutions can be broader than those comprised by the federal Constitution but not narrowed. State constitutions cannot reduce legal protections afforded by the federal charter, but they can provide additional protections. "California v. Ramos", 463 U.S. 992, 1014, 103 S.Ct. 3446, 77 l.Ed.2d 1171 (1983). Even where the text of a state constitution matches verbatim that of the federal constitution, the state document may be held to provide more to the citizen. State constitutional rights can also include those entirely unaddressed in the federal constitution, such as the right to adequate education or the right to affordable housing. Many other democratic nations have followed the US model in enshrining certain rights in their constitutions. Countries whose written constitutions include a bill of rights include Germany, India and Japan. The United Kingdom, as it has an uncodified constitution, does not have a constitutional bill of rights, although the Human Rights Act 1998 fulfills a similar role. The European Convention of Human Rights applies in those nations which are members of the Council of Europe. Persons who have experienced Convention-infringing human rights violations on the territory of ECHR-signatory nations can appeal to the European Court of Human Rights. In authoritarian regimes there are generally few or no guaranteed inalienable rights; alternatively, such rights may exist but be unobserved in practice (as was generally the case in the former Francoist Spain). </doc> <doc id="2339027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339027" title="Gastroduodenal artery"> Gastroduodenal artery In anatomy, the gastroduodenal artery is a small blood vessel in the abdomen. It supplies blood directly to the pylorus (distal part of the stomach) and proximal part of the duodenum, and indirectly to the pancreatic head (via the anterior and posterior superior pancreaticoduodenal arteries). The gastroduodenal artery most commonly arises from the common hepatic artery of the celiac trunk, but there are numerous variations of the origin. It first gives rise to the supraduodenal artery, followed by the posterior superior pancreaticoduodenal artery. It terminates in a bifurcation when it splits into the right gastroepiploic artery and the anterior superior pancreaticoduodenal artery (superior pancreaticoduodenal artery). These branches form functional anastomoses with the anterior and posterior inferior pancreaticoduodenal arteries from the superior mesenteric artery. Note that the exact branching of vessels from the gastroduoenal artery is variable. Typically, the posterior and anterior superior pancreaticoduodenal arteries branch independently in that order, but can rarely come off a common trunk. The gastroduodenal artery can be the source of a significant gastrointestinal bleed, which may arise as a complication of peptic ulcer disease. Because of its close relationship to the posteromedial wall of the second part of the duodenum, deeply penetrating ulcers or tumours of the duodenum may cause torrential bleeding from the gastroduodenal ‘artery of haemorrhage', not least because of the profuse arterial network in the region ensures a high flow rate in the vessel. </doc> <doc id="2339047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339047" title="Chudnovsky"> Chudnovsky Chudnovsky is an Ashkenazi Jewish surname of Ukrainian origin (meaning "from/born in Chudnov"). It may refer to </doc> <doc id="2339053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339053" title="XLA"> XLA XLA may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339076" title="Edmund Weiner"> Edmund Weiner Edmund Weiner (born 27 August 1950 in Oxford, England) was co-editor (with John A. Simpson) of the Second Edition of the "Oxford English Dictionary" (1985–1989) and Deputy Chief Editor of the "Oxford English Dictionary" (1993–present). He originally joined the OED staff in 1977, becoming the dictionary's chief philologist. Previously, he taught Old English, Middle English and English linguistic history at Christ Church, Oxford, where he also undertook research on Middle English literature. He is now a Fellow of Kellogg College, Oxford. As well as writing or compiling a number of books on English grammar and usage, he co-authored a book on Tolkien: "The Ring of Words: Tolkien and the Oxford English Dictionary" (by Peter Gilliver, Jeremy Marshall and Edmund Weiner, Oxford University Press, 2006, ), analysing the relationship between J.R.R. Tolkien and the OED. He and Marshall also contributed a chapter on Tolkien's invented languages to "From Elvish to Klingon" (edited by Michael Adams, Oxford University Press, 2011, ). </doc> <doc id="2339090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339090" title="James Beaton (disambiguation)"> James Beaton (disambiguation) James Beaton (1473–1539) was a Scottish church leader, Archbishop of Glasgow and Archbishop of St Andrews James Beaton is also the name of: </doc> <doc id="2339091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339091" title="Wild Arms: Twilight Venom"> Wild Arms: Twilight Venom Dr. Kiel Aronnax, Mirabelle and Loretta encounter a ten-year-old boy during their escape from prison. He turns out to be the former famous gunslinger Sheyenne Rainstorm and is equipped with a famous and mysterious "ARMS" weapon. The series follows Sheyenne and Kiel as they search for the mystery of Sheyenne's missing body. "Twilight Venom" has various crossovers with the second installment of the "Wild Arms" series. Models of Liz and Ard are visible inside a monster museum in episode 11, "No Home, No Body". Judecca makes an appearance in episode 15 (a character with the likeness of Zed from the first "Wild Arms" also appears); Kanon from "Wild Arms 2" in episode 17. Irving Vold Valeria ("Wild Arms 2") and the Guardian Lucied (multiple games) appear in episode 16, but unlike all other cameos, appear in future episodes and have a connection to the storyline. </doc> <doc id="2339110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339110" title="1994 NFL season"> 1994 NFL season The 1994 NFL season was the 75th regular season of the National Football League. To honor the NFL's 75th season, a special anniversary logo was designed and each player wore a patch on their jerseys with this logo throughout the season. Also, a selection committee of media and league personnel named a special NFL 75th Anniversary All-Time Team, honoring the best NFL players from the first 75 seasons. The Phoenix Cardinals changed their name to “Arizona Cardinals” in an attempt to widen their appeal to the entire state of Arizona instead of just the Phoenix area. The name was initially resisted by Bill Bidwill. The Seattle Seahawks played their first three regular season home games at Husky Stadium because the Kingdome, the Seahawks' regular home field, was undergoing repairs for damaged tiles on its roof. The Seahawks returned for the 2000 and 2001 seasons while their new stadium was under construction. This marked the last season until 2016 that the city of Los Angeles had an NFL team and the last one until 2017 that the city had two. Both the Rams and the Raiders left the city following the season. The Rams moved east to St. Louis, Missouri after being in Los Angeles for 49 years, while the Raiders left after twelve seasons to return to their previous home in Oakland, California. The Rams eventually returned in 2016 after failing to reach an agreement with St. Louis on a new stadium. This was also the first season that the then eight-year old Fox network televised NFL games. Fox took over the National Football Conference package from CBS, who would return to televising the NFL in 1998. The league also signed an exclusivity agreement with the new direct broadcast satellite (DBS) service DirecTV to launch NFL Sunday Ticket, a satellite television subscription service that offers every regular season NFL game. The package remains exclusive to DirecTV to this day. The season ended with Super Bowl XXIX when the San Francisco 49ers defeated the San Diego Chargers 49–26 at Joe Robbie Stadium. Both teams had met that regular season, the second straight season that had happened, and ninth time overall. Even though the 1994 World Series was canceled, the NFL ultimately decided not to reschedule its Thursday night contests in October for Sunday, even though they wouldn't have competed with baseball those nights. This was also the first year of the current practice of whenever Christmas Day falls on a Sunday that most of that weekend's games were played on the Saturday afternoon of Christmas Eve. Every NFL season afterwards with Christmas Day on a Sunday has followed this same scheduling format. (Prior to the 1990 introduction of the bye week, Christmas had fallen within the postseason. In years in which Christmas was on a Sunday, that weekend's games would be split between Saturday December 24 and Monday December 26.) 1994 would also be the first season in which the NFL instituted a salary cap. A package of changes were adopted to increase offensive production and scoring: The league also honored its 75th season by having each team wear throwback uniforms during selected games. The designs varied widely in their accuracy; many of them were not completely accurate for a number of reasons: Some teams occasionally wore their throwbacks in additional games during the season, and the San Francisco 49ers wore them through the Super Bowl. They proved to be so popular that the New York Giants followed the lead of the Jets and eventually returned to wearing them full-time, with very slight modifications, in 2000. After the NFL modified its rules to allow teams to wear alternate jerseys in 2002, the San Diego Chargers selected their throwbacks as their third uniforms. The 1994 NFL Draft was held from April 24 to 25, 1994 at New York City's Marriott Marquis. With the first pick, the Cincinnati Bengals selected defensive tackle Dan Wilkinson from Ohio State University. </doc> <doc id="2339112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339112" title="Mystery Hole"> Mystery Hole Mystery Hole is located in Ansted, West Virginia, near Hawks Nest State Park and Cathedral Falls in West Virginia. Mystery Hole, immediately adjacent to the Midland Trail (U.S. Route 60) in Fayette County advertises itself as a gravity-defying wonder. It is reminiscent of tourist traps of days gone by. It includes side show-esque attractions such as balls that roll up hill. There is also a Volkswagen Beetle, chopped in half, seemingly crashed into the side of the building. The Mystery Hole is an underground series of rooms where the walls and floors are built at angles to give the impression that there is something wrong with the gravity in the area. There is one section where water seemingly flows upwards and the tour guide sits on the chair with two legs floating in the air and other two legs supported by the wall. </doc> <doc id="2339113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339113" title="Fort Robinson"> Fort Robinson Fort Robinson is a former U.S. Army fort and a major feature of Fort Robinson State Park, a public recreation and historic preservation area located west of Crawford on U.S. Route 20 in the Pine Ridge region of northwest Nebraska. The fort was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1960 and is part of the Fort Robinson and Red Cloud Agency historic district, which includes Fort Robinson and the site of the second Red Cloud Agency (about to the east). The district also includes the Camp Camby site and the 1886 Percy Homestead. The fort is managed by the Nebraska Game and Parks Commission, with some individual buildings operated by the Nebraska State Historical Society and the University of Nebraska. In August 1873, the Red Cloud Agency was moved from the North Platte River to the White River, near what is now Crawford, Nebraska, in the northwest corner of the state. The following March, the U. S. Government authorized the establishment of a military camp at the agency site. Some 13,000 Lakota had been resettled at the Agency, some of them hostile. There were continuing tensions on the Great Plains between whites and Lakota who had been forced off much of their territory. The camp was named Camp Robinson in honor of Lt. Levi H. Robinson, who had been killed by Indians while on a wood detail in February. In May, the military camp was moved west of the agency to its present location; the camp was renamed Fort Robinson in January 1878. Fort Robinson played a major role in the Sioux Wars from 1876 to 1890. The Battle of Warbonnet Creek took place nearby in July 1876. Crazy Horse surrendered here with his band on May 6, 1877. On September 5 that year, he was fatally wounded while resisting imprisonment. A historic plaque marks the site of his death. In January 1879, Chief Morning Star (also known as Dull Knife) led the Northern Cheyenne in an outbreak from the Agency. Because the Cheyenne had refused to return to Indian Territory, where they believed conditions were too adverse for them to survive, the army had been holding them without adequate food, water or heat during the severe winter to try to force them into submission. Soldiers hunted down the escapees, killing men, women, and children in the Fort Robinson massacre. The U.S. Supreme Court called the "shocking story" "one of the most melancholy of Indian tragedies". The event marked the end of the Sioux and Cheyenne Wars in Nebraska. In 1885, the 9th Cavalry Regiment, nicknamed the Buffalo Soldiers by Native Americans, was stationed at Fort Robinson. This was an all-black unit. During the next several years, the fort was enlarged, and military training was a major activity. From 1889-1890, Second Lieutenant Charles Young served here and later was reassigned to the regiment. A black pioneer officer who had graduated from West Point, he was the highest-ranking black in the US Army throughout his career and achieved the rank of colonel. From 1887-1898, the fort served as regimental headquarters. The post gymnasium and theatre, built in 1904, provided entertainment for the soldiers. In 1919 at the end of World War I, Fort Robinson became the world's largest quartermaster remount depot. It was used as a breeding and training center for horses and mules for the military. In addition, stallions owned by the military were used to breed with local stock to improve it. During the Great Depression, a hobo was murdered on a Chicago & Northwestern freight train within the fort. In World War II, the fort was the site of a K-9 corps training center. Later it was used to hold a German prisoner-of-war camp. The U.S. Army decided to abandon Fort Robinson in 1947; in the following year, it transferred the property to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), for its Beef Cattle Research Station. In the mid-1950s, efforts were made to preserve the fort as a historic site, prompted by the demolition of buildings. In 1955, the Nebraska State Historical Society began to acquire property on the fort; in 1956, they opened a museum on the site. The USDA closed its operation in 1971, transferring the property to the state of Nebraska. The Fort Robinson State Park was established in 1956 following the purchase of a parcel of land by the Nebraska Game, Forestation and Parks Commission in 1955. The park grew when much of the site was deeded over from the Federal government in 1964. It reached its full size with the purchase of the adjoining James Arthur Ranch in 1972. The fort's historic buildings and sites include the 1904 blacksmith shop, the 1908 veterinary hospital, the 1887 officers' quarters, the 1875 guardhouse and adjutant's office, and the post cemetery. There is also a library with materials about Fort Robinson and military and western history available for research. A quartermaster's stores building is now used as a playhouse. The Fort Robinson Museum is located in the 1905 post headquarters building. Exhibits focus on the fort's history, including its role guarding the Red Cloud Agency from 1874 to 1877, up through the housing of World War II German POWs from 1943 to 1946. The Trailside Museum of Natural History, operated by the University of Nebraska State Museum, is located in the historic Army Theatre building. </doc> <doc id="2339116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339116" title="Minot Public Schools"> Minot Public Schools Minot Public Schools (MPS) is a system of publicly funded K-12 schools in Minot, North Dakota. There are twelve elementary schools, three middle schools, and a high school on three campuses (one campus being an alternative high school). Three schools (two elementary & one middle school) are located on Minot AFB, fifteen miles north. Minot City Transit provides busing service. </doc> <doc id="2339129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339129" title="Weird Fantasy"> Weird Fantasy Weird Fantasy is a science fiction anthology comic that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. The companion comic for "Weird Fantasy" was "Weird Science". Over a four-year span, "Weird Fantasy" ran for 22 issues, ending with the November–December 1953 issue. The bi-monthly science-fiction comic, published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein, replaced romance comic "A Moon, A Girl... Romance" with the May/June 1950 issue. Although the title and format change took effect with issue 13, Gaines and Feldstein decided not to restart the numbering in order to save money on second class postage. The Post Office took note, and starting with issue #6, all the issues were numbered correctly. Because of this, ""Weird Fantasy" #13" could refer to either the May/June 1950 issue or the actual 13th issue of the title, published in 1952. The same confusion exists for issues #14–17, #17 being the last issue published before EC reset the numbering. Artist/writer Harry Harrison claims credit for originally turning Gaines on to the idea of publishing science fiction. Harrison has stated that he and fellow artist Wally Wood were interested in science fiction and supplied Gaines with a lot of science fiction material to read. Harrison had no editorial control over the contents of the comic aside from his own stories, and he left EC by the end of 1950. Cover illustrations were by Feldstein with the exception of two by Joe Orlando, one collaboration by Feldstein and Al Williamson, plus another collaboration by Williamson with Frank Frazetta. Artists who drew stories for this EC title were Feldstein, Frazetta, Williamson, Orlando, Wally Wood, Harvey Kurtzman, George Roussos, Harrison, Reed Crandall, Will Elder, Bernard Krigstein, Jack Kamen, John Severin and Mac Elkin. Writers in the early issues included Feldstein, Gaines, Kurtzman, Harrison and Gardner Fox. Gaines and Feldstein wrote nearly all stories from 1951–53. Creators Gaines and Feldstein made cameos in the stories "Cosmic Ray Bomb Explosion" (14, July–August 1950), "7 Year Old Genius" (7) and "The Expert" (14) and "The Ad" (14). Issues 14 and 15 in 1952 ran "EC Quickies", a format featuring two similarly themed stories, each three or four pages, in the space usually devoted to a seven or eight-page story. In "Weird Fantasy" 17 (1953), Al Williamson illustrated "The Aliens". Three aliens head for Earth to prevent a nuclear war, but they arrive too late. Amid the devastation they find a copy of "Weird Fantasy" 17. When they read "The Aliens", they see that it had predicted their arrival. On the last page they see a picture of themselves looking at a comic book with a picture of themselves looking at... "ad infinitum". Quite possibly the comic's most controversial story was published in issue 18 in 1953. "Judgment Day" featured an astronaut who comes to a planet populated by orange and blue robots who hope to join the Galactic Republic. As he tours the planet, the astronaut, named Tarlton, realizes that blue robots are treated horribly and given fewer rights than the orange robots, despite the fact that they are identical except for the color of their exterior. Tarlton decides that because of this, the planet will not be allowed in the Galactic Republic. In the final panel Tarlton removes his helmet, revealing that he is black. This story was chosen for reprinting approximately three years later in "Incredible Science Fiction", which resulted in an argument that caused Gaines to quit comics altogether. As with the other EC comics edited by Feldstein, the stories in this comic were primarily based on Gaines reading a large number of science fiction stories and using them to develop "springboards" from which he and Feldstein could launch new stories. Specific story influences that have been identified include the following: After their publication of "Home to Stay", Ray Bradbury contacted EC about their plagiarism of his work. They reached an agreement for EC to do authorized versions of Bradbury's short fiction. These official adaptations include: EC's science fiction comics were never able to match the popularity of their horror comics like "Tales from the Crypt", but Gaines and Feldstein kept them alive using the profits from their more popular titles. In the EC Library reprints, comics historian Mark Evanier theorizes that the short story format, where no story was longer than eight pages helped contribute to poor sales because the horror comics were much better suited for very short stories with shock endings than the science fiction comics. Evanier also ponders whether the very similar logo style of "Weird Science" and its companion comic "Weird Fantasy", as well as similar cover subjects contributed to lower sales due to customers thinking they already owned the issues on sale. Historian Digby Diehl wondered whether having host characters like EC's horror comics would have helped the comics be more commercially successful. When the poor sales became too much to handle, "Weird Fantasy" combined with companion comic "Weird Science" in 1954 to become "Weird Science-Fantasy". As discussed in an "In Memoriam" feature in the final issue, every issue for the previous year and a half had lost money, and EC had no choice but to combine the two comics into one. "Weird Science-Fantasy" ran for seven issues before a title change to "Incredible Science Fiction" for four issues. As with many other EC titles, "Weird Fantasy" has been reprinted numerous times over the years. Ballantine Books reprinted selected stories in a series of paperback EC anthologies in 1964–66. All 22 issues were published in black and white in four hardbound volumes in 1980 as part of publisher Russ Cochran's "The Complete EC Library". In addition, all 22 issues were reprinted in comic form in the mid-1990s by Cochran and Gemstone Publishing. This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a series of five softcover "EC Annuals". Cochran and Gemstone planned to publish hardcover, re-colored volumes of "Weird Fantasy" as part of the "EC Archives" series, but Gemstone's financial troubles left this project in limbo. But the project may soon be revived under a new publisher. GC Press LLC, a boutique imprint established by Russ Cochran and Grant Geissman, announced in a press release dated September 1, 2011 that it is continuing the EC Archives series, with the first new releases scheduled for November 2011. </doc> <doc id="2339144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339144" title="Jim Beaton"> Jim Beaton Chief Superintendent James Wallace Beaton, GC, CVO (born 17 February 1943) is a retired British police officer who was awarded the George Cross, Britain's highest gallantry award for civilians. He was Queen's Police Officer from 1983 to 1992. Beaton received the George Cross in 1974 for protecting The Princess Anne from the would-be kidnapper Ian Ball during an attack in The Mall, London. He received the Director's Honor Award of the United States Secret Service in the same year. He was made an LVO in 1987 and promoted to CVO in 1992. In March 1973, Beaton was transferred to the Royalty Protection Squad, A Division, and from 14 November served as a Personal Protection Officer to Princess Anne. He was given the number 11 in the small team responsible for protecting members of the Royal Family. On 20 March 1974 the princess and her husband Captain Mark Phillips were returning to Buckingham Palace from a royal engagement. Their car was stopped in the Mall by another vehicle driven into its path. The car was driven by Ian Ball, who was later declared to be mentally ill; Ball jumped out of his vehicle and tried to force the Princess from her car. He shot the royal chauffeur, Alex Callender, and a passing journalist, Brian McConnell, who tried to assist. Inspector Beaton was shot three times, including serious wounds in the chest and abdomen, and a gunshot wound to his hand, sustained when he tried to block Ball's weapon with his own body, after his own gun had jammed. Beaton also sustained injuries to his pelvis while trying to disarm Ball. For his bravery Beaton was awarded the George Cross; Callender and McConnell were each awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal. Beaton remained with the Princess until February 1979. Beaton served in the Metropolitan Police from 1962 to 1992. He spent the first years of his career as a Constable on the beat at Notting Hill from 1962 to 1966. In 1966 he was promoted to Sergeant at Harrow Road, and then in 1971 to Station Sergeant at Wembley. He became an Inspector in 1974, whilst serving in Royal Protection, and was subsequently promoted to Chief Inspector in August 1979, Superintendent in 1983, and Chief Superintendent in 1985. In 1982 he became the Queen's Police Officer. He retired in 1992. </doc> <doc id="2339145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339145" title="Hong Junyang"> Hong Junyang Ang Junyang () (born 17 August 1981) is a Singaporean singer and host. He was a contestant on "Project SuperStar 2005", organized by MediaCorp, and was runner-up to the eventual winner Kelvin Tan Wei Lian in the final of the male category. After the competition, he signed a recording contract with Universal Music. He has also hosted television programmes such as "SuperFunkies" and "Campus SuperStar" together with the rest of the superstars. His first album "《独角兽》" was officially released on 26 May 2006. </doc> <doc id="2339155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339155" title="Ernoul"> Ernoul Ernoul is the name generally given to the author of a chronicle of the late 12th century dealing with the fall of the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem. Ernoul himself is mentioned only once in history, and only in his own chronicle. He was a squire of Balian of Ibelin, an important crusader noble in Jerusalem, and accompanied his lord on an embassy from King Guy of Jerusalem to Count Raymond III of Tripoli in 1187. Balian and his retinue remained behind for a day at Nablus during the voyage to Tripoli; the rest were ambushed at the Battle of Cresson on May 1. It was Ernoul who investigated the almost-empty Templar castle of La Fève before news of the battle reached Balian. No other mention is made of Ernoul. However, it is clear that he was at the Battle of Hattin on July 4, as his chronicle gives an account from the rearguard, which was commanded by his master Balian. According to M. R. Morgan, the squire Ernoul was the same man as Arnaix or Arneis of Gibelet, who was an important noble in the crusader Kingdom of Cyprus in the first half of the 13th century, and must have been connected to the Ibelins, who were also important there; the Gibelets had strong ties to the Ibelins throughout the 12th and 13th centuries in both Jerusalem and Cyprus. This identification is rejected by Peter Edbury, who suggests that Arneis lived too late to be Ernoul, and also that their names are too dissimilar. The so-called Chronicle of Ernoul is actually a number of separate but similar manuscripts, stemming from an original source that does not survive but assumed to have been written by Ernoul himself. The basis of these is a 13th-century Old French translation of the Latin chronicle of William of Tyre, who wrote in the Kingdom of Jerusalem in the mid- to late-12th century. This French translation came to be known as the "History of Heraclius" or the "Estoire de Eracles", because William of Tyre began his chronicle with the reign of Byzantine emperor Heraclius. One of the more important manuscripts is known as the "Lyon Eracles", which is the basis of modern editions. It was edited by Morgan as "La Continuation de Guillaume de Tyr (1183–1197)". This manuscript continues until 1248, and the section containing the years 1184–1197 is not found in any other manuscript. The 19th century "Recueil des historiens des croisades", a collection of crusade texts compiled by the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres, used a different version of the "Eracles" known as the "Colbert-Fontainebleau Eracles". There is also a shorter manuscript known as the "abrégé", and a "Florentine Eracles" from the Laurentian Library in Florence which has a unique section from 1191 to 1197 and continues until 1277. The text known as "The Chronicle of Ernoul and Bernard the Treasurer", edited by L. de Mas Latrie in the 19th century, has a separate manuscript tradition. It is essentially the same as the "abrégé", and appears to have been produced from the French translation of William of Tyre, which was then mostly removed except for a few sections. It carries on until 1227 or 1231, depending on the manuscript. The surviving texts were written in their final form from the 1230s to the 1250s. Ernoul himself may have written only a small part, covering the years 1186 and 1187, in which Balian and the Ibelin family feature prominently. </doc> <doc id="2339165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339165" title="Project SuperStar"> Project SuperStar Project SuperStar () is a singing talent search competition organised by MediaCorp and broadcast every Wednesday and Thursday at 8:00 pm on Channel U in Singapore. Project SuperStar was organised to uncover and develop young talent in Mandarin pop in Singapore. Closely modelled after the Pop Idol, 24 contestants were selected to enter the Quarter Finals of the competition. For both seasons, it was hosted by Quan Yi Fong and Jeff Wang. Episodes were pre-recorded, and broadcast on Wednesday for male contestants, while episodes on Thursday feature female contestants. Result shows were shown on the same Thursday of the week at 11:30 pm. Season 3's Live-telecast will begin on 18 August 2014 and the finale is set to be on 26 October 2014. It is announced that Dasmond Koh, Jeremy Chan and Shane Pow will be the hosts for the third season. Male and female contestants will perform on two separate days, Wednesday and Thursday respectively, with the results of both female and male category announced on Thursday at 11.30 pm. Contestants would sing and their performance would be assessed by judges present at the show itself, and also by the public. Judges would give a score each upon ten (intervals of 0.5), which weigh 30% of the final score for the contestant for that particular episode. The remaining 70% is obtained from telepolling and SMS voting from the public. The judging team is made up of Ye Peifen, Li Feihui, Xu Huanliang, Fang Zhonghua and Lee Wei Song, some of which are Singapore’s acclaimed singers and producers. There are five weeks in the Quarter Final, with the fifth week being Revival Round. Three of all five weeks' requires each contestant to perform both a solo and a duet. Half of the eligible contestants were contested each week, with two singers per gender receiving the lowest combined score after each week are eliminated. The first eight singers eliminated in the first Quarter Finals were ineligible to compete for the Revival Round, The eight singers who were safe after the second round would directly advance to the semi-finals, while the other eight had to contest again in the Revival Round to compete for the remaining places in the Semi Finals, bringing the total number of semi-finalists to ten (five per gender). There are four weeks of the Semi Finals, with one contestant per gender eliminated from the competition each week, until the competition comes down to the last male and female winner, who would be crowned as Male and Female category winners, respectively. Each week consist of a theme, performing between one to three songs, with each song accompanied by a live band that will replace the original music, as shown below: Themes (Season 1) Themes (Season 2) Prior to the Grand Final, the Male/Female category winners would be required to record and release limited editions of a Single, of which the sales record will be tracked. The singles would only be available for a few days, and the sales accounts for 30% of their score in the final. Only the public's vote (which carries 70% of the score) determined which category winner would win the competition. On the day of the actual performance, each of them would have to perform five songs in the Singapore Indoor Stadium. The series returned to Channel U after a eight-year hiatus. Unlike the first two seasons where it involve 24 contestants (12 per gender), the series saw its reduction of acts to 12 (six per gender), similar to the number of contestants seen in the third and fourth season of Campus SuperStar. For the first time, the finals were held on the MediaCorp Studios instead of Singapore Indoor Stadium. The season also saw a change of format of voting, which are now limited to Toggle Now app and carries a 25% weightage, instead of 30%, while also the first time, the judges scores, in replacement of CD sales, contributed towards the scores in the finale. Another changes made is that the contestants were now mentored by the judges (a format similar to "The X Factor"), and the Revival rounds were removed. To date, three seasons have been broadcast, as summarised below. As of , one country produced their own version of Project SuperStar Malaysia, which was broadcast on 8TV (Malaysia). Its first season premiered on 2006, while its third and recent season premiered on 9 February 2008, and ended on 3 May 2008. </doc> <doc id="2339174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339174" title="Holly Black"> Holly Black Holly Black "née" Riggenbach (born November 10, 1971) is an American writer and editor best known for "The Spiderwick Chronicles", a series of children's fantasy books she created with writer and illustrator Tony DiTerlizzi, and a trilogy of Young Adult novels officially called the "Modern Faerie Tales" trilogy. Her 2013 novel "Doll Bones" was named a Newbery Medal honor book. Black was born in West Long Branch, New Jersey in 1971, and during her early years her family lived in a "decrepit Victorian house." Black graduated with a B.A. in English from The College of New Jersey in 1994. She worked as a production editor on medical journals including "The Journal of Pain" while studying at Rutgers University. She considered becoming a librarian as a backup career, but writing drew her away. She edited and contributed to the role-playing culture magazine "d8" in 1996. In 1999 she married her high school sweetheart, Theo Black, an illustrator and web designer. In 2008 she was described as residing in Amherst, Massachusetts. Black's first novel, "", was published by Simon & Schuster in 2002. There have been two sequels set in the same universe. The first, "" (2005), won the inaugural Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy—as the year's best according to American speculative fiction writers—and it was a finalist, like "Tithe", for the annual Mythopoeic Fantasy Award. By vote of "Locus" readers for the Locus Awards, "Valiant" and "Ironside" (2007) ranked fourth and sixth among the year's young-adult books. In 2003, Black published the first two books of The Spiderwick Chronicles, a collaboration with artist Tony DiTerlizzi. The fifth and last book in the series reached the top of the "New York Times" Bestseller list in 2004. A film adaptation of the series was released in 2008. "White Cat", the first in her Curse Workers Series, was published in 2010. "White Cat" was followed by "Red Glove" (2011) and the trilogy concluded with "Black Heart" in 2012. A standalone novel, "The Coldest Girl in Coldtown", was released by Little, Brown in September 2013. Black published a short story of the same name in the vampire anthology . "Doll Bones" was published in May 2013, and was awarded a Newbery Honor and a Mythopoeic Fantasy Award. In 2012, Scholastic acquired a five-book series co-written by Black and Cassandra Clare to be called "Magisterium". Its first volume, "The Iron Trial", was published in September 2014. The series has already been optioned for the screen by Constantin Films. Black has also written dozens of short works and co-edited at least three anthologies of speculative fiction. Black is co-executive producer of the film adaptation of "The Spiderwick Chronicles", released in February 2008. The film covers the entirety of the novel series. "The Spiderwick Chronicles" has also been released as a video game from Stormfront Studios. In 2011, Black stated that the Curse Workers books had been optioned by Vertigo Pictures and producer Mark Morgan. </doc> <doc id="2339175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339175" title="C melody saxophone"> C melody saxophone The C melody saxophone is a saxophone pitched in the key of C, one whole step above the B-flat tenor saxophone. In the UK it is sometimes referred to as a "C tenor", and in France as a "tenor en ut". The C melody was part of the series of saxophones pitched in C and F intended by the instrument's inventor, Adolphe Sax, for orchestral use. The instrument enjoyed popularity in the early 1900s, perhaps most prominently used by Rudy Weidoeft and Frankie Trumbauer, but is now uncommon. A C melody saxophone is larger than an alto and smaller than a tenor. The bore on most models has a diameter and taper more like a 'stretched' alto than a tenor. When seen in profile, its shape bears some resemblance to a tenor saxophone, though it is smaller and the bell appears longer. Most C melody saxophones have curved necks (with a similar shape to that of the tenor saxophone) though C.G.Conn did make straight-necked C melody instruments. C melody saxophones are usually marked with a letter "C" above or below the serial number. Since 1930, only saxophones in the key of B and E (originally intended by Sax for use in military bands and wind ensembles) have been produced on a large scale. However, in the early years of the 21st century, small-scale production of new C melody saxophones had commenced in China for a company called Aquilasax, which has since ceased in recent years. A major selling point for the C melody saxophone was the fact that in contrast to other saxophones, it was not a transposing instrument. As a result, the player could read regular printed music (e.g. for flute, oboe, violin, piano, guitar or voice) without having to transpose or read music parts that have been transposed into B or E, which most other saxophones would require. This enabled amateur musicians to play along with a friend or family member by reading from the same sheet of music—so long as the music fell within the pitch range of the C melody saxophone itself, that is, was not too high or low. Another selling point was that the C melody produces a more muted tone than the E alto or B tenor, which was useful when playing at home. Many novelty tunes, most influenced by 1920s dance music, were written specifically for the instrument. They were sometimes also used in churches to accompany hymns. Dedicated mouthpieces were produced for the C melody saxophone, though these may be hard to find in the 21st century. The C melody has a muted sound when compared to other saxophone types, particularly if an original vintage mouthpiece is used. This made it particularly useful for its originally intended environment of playing in drawing rooms. C melody mouthpieces often give a C melody saxophone a slightly muffled sound, which may or may not be what the player desires. Some players successfully use a tenor saxophone mouthpiece (e.g. Rico Graftonite or Metalite on a Conn straight-necked C-melody, modified by cutting off one centimeter of the mouthpiece shank, so it is not obstructed by the microtuner) with their C melody saxophone, though depending on which mouthpiece type is chosen (e.g. long shank or short shank) there may be problems regarding the accuracy of intonation, particularly at the upper end of the range. As a result, some experimentation may be required in order to find a tenor mouthpiece which provides accurate intonation across the entire scale. Other players have successfully fitted alto saxophone mouthpieces to their C melody saxophones. As before, some experimentation may be required. With a more modern mouthpiece fitted, a C melody saxophone can lose some of its muted qualities and sound brighter, with more of the sonic power that an alto or tenor saxophone gives. Currently, there are a number of manufacturers producing C melody mouthpieces e.g. Beechler, Ralph Morgan, Runyon, Aquilasax and others. A number of high-quality manufacturers produced C melody saxophones (including Buescher, C.G.Conn, Martin, King and Selmer) from 1914 through 1930. Most of these companies also manufactured "stencil" saxophones for other vendors under different names e.g. the "Wurlitzer American", "Harwood Jenkins" or "Lyon & Healy" - which were actually made by Buescher. Production of C melody saxophones appears to have reached a peak around 1923, with a gradual reduction thereafter. Comparatively few C melody saxophones were made in the late 1920s. The Conn straight-neck Tenor in C is the most common of the actual orchestral saxophones and has a more classical sound and plays in tune throughout the instrument's range. This is one of the few models actually made for professional use. However, the long straight neck means that the saxophone must be held away from the player's body, a posture which some people may find uncomfortable. Cheaper, novelty C melody saxophones were marketed from the late 1910s through the early 1930s as a version of the saxophone intended for amateur use, in homes, schools, and town bands. It was made with a bore considerably narrower than that of the B tenor saxophone, being more or less a "stretched" version of the alto saxophone bore. By the late 1920s the popularity of C melody saxophones had faded. Sales of all saxophones fell dramatically after the Wall Street Crash of 1929, and the C melody was one of several models (including the mezzo-soprano saxophone) which were dropped from production soon after. However, it is important to note that production ended for purely financial reasons, and not because of any inherent flaw in the design or poor manufacturing standards. C melody saxophones were as good as the reputation of whichever company manufactured them. The basic problem was that the Great Depression which followed immediately after the stock market crash of 1929 caused extremely harsh economic conditions throughout the world, which affected the production of all leisure-related consumer products. This unusually profound recession hit saxophone manufacturers hard, forcing them to reduce the range of musical instruments they produced down to the most popular models, simply in order for those companies to survive. As a result, production of C melody saxophones ended abruptly. By the time the world economy had recovered sufficiently for C melody saxophones to be economically viable again (around 1935) people's leisure time interests had changed and there was no longer a market for them. Additionally, the "Big Band" era had started in the early 1930s and anyone who wanted to learn the saxophone was interested primarily in soprano, alto, tenor or baritone because this would, potentially at least, allow them to play in a Big Band, and Big Bands did "not" feature C melody saxophones in their instrument line-up. As a result, there was no consumer demand for C melody instruments, so would-be manufacturers had no incentive to resume production. Not surprisingly, instrument manufacturers concentrated instead on making other types which had strong customer demand and were easy to sell e.g. alto and tenor saxophones. C.G.Conn made a small number of C melody saxophones during the 1930s which were stamped with the model number "8M". These were almost certainly completed saxophone bodies that had been kept in storage since the 1920s and which were furnished with updated keywork after the Great Depression ended. At least one Conn C melody dating from 1938 has "Transitional" keywork (similar to that found on a Conn 6M alto or Conn 10M tenor) plus a "Lady Face" engraving on the bell front. However, late model Conn C melody saxophones like these are extremely unusual because they are rare exceptions to the general rule that production of C melody saxophones ended in 1930. During the 1960s, the French woodwind manufacturer Leblanc produced a few C melody saxophones (brand stamped on bell was Vito), though it is thought that they manufactured fewer than 20 examples. Some early jazz players got their start on the C melody, including Benny Carter and Coleman Hawkins, though Carter eventually moved to the alto, and Hawkins to the B tenor. Among the most famous musicians to perform mainly on C melody sax was Rudy Weidoeft. Although he played alto and soprano saxophones as well (the latter in ensembles with Arnold Brilhart, Alford Evans, and others), he made his most famous recordings on the C melody, and was a significant factor in popularizing the instrument among the general public. Another famous C melody player was Frankie Trumbauer, a jazz player who was known for his superb technical ability on the instrument and influence on later generations. Jack Pettis, a member of the Ben Bernie orchestra and a recording artist under his own name, was another skilled player of the instrument. A few modern-day saxophonists occasionally perform on C melody instruments, though rarely if ever as a primary instrument. Examples include Anthony Braxton, Kyle Vincent, Scott Robinson, Rick Arbuckle, Rosy McHargue, Dan Levinson, Hayes Greenfield and Joe Lovano. Carla Bley, though mainly a keyboardist, has played the C Melody sax occasionally on recordings led by her daughter Karen Mantler. Despite the fact that they have not been manufactured in over 75 years, C melody saxophones are readily available today, due to their limited use and the sheer number that were produced in the early 20th century. They can often be found at stores that carry used instruments, tag sales, rummage sales and pawn shops across the United States. </doc> <doc id="2339177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339177" title="Danaher Corporation"> Danaher Corporation Danaher Corporation is a globally diversified conglomerate with its headquarters in Washington, D.C., United States. Danaher is #144 on the 2017 Fortune 500 list. Its products are concentrated in the fields of design, manufacturing, and marketing of industrial, healthcare and consumer products. It operates in four segments: environmental & applied solutions, life sciences, diagnostics, and dental. The company was organized in 1969 as a Massachusetts real estate investment trust under its former name DMG, Inc. In 1978, DMG, Inc. was reorganized as a Florida corporation and changed its name to Diversified Mortgage Investors, Inc. Eventually, the company adopted the name Danaher in 1984 and was reincorporated as a Delaware corporation. In June 1986, Danaher purchased Chicago Pneumatic ("CP"), which had just recently merged in July 1984 with a sister company, The Jacobs Manufacturing Co. ("Jacobs"), and which had purchased Matco Tools Corp. ("MTC") in April 1981. Danaher in June 1987 sold CP while retaining Jacobs, including its Matco Tools Division. Jacobs' name was changed to Matco Tools Corp. in November 1991, and the other divisions within Jacobs were established as separate operating companies. In January 1993, Danaher formed NMTC, Inc., which acquired a substantial portion of the assets of MTC, including the existing distributorship agreements of MTC. The company is named after Danaher Creek in Montana where the Rales brothers, Steven and Mitchell, went fishing. Within two years of Danaher Corp.'s founding in 1984, Danaher Corp. acquired 12 companies as part of a strategy to enter the manufacturing business. Therefore, in 1986 Danaher added Qualitrol to its instrumentation unit. The unit also included Gilbarco Veeder-Root's underground fuel storage sensors, Dynapar's motion sensors and Qualitrol's pressure and temperature measurement instruments, used on the electrical transformer industry. The Danaher Motion group acquired Kollmorgen, of Radford, Virginia. UK-based West Instruments provides control and measurement instrumentation solutions and services for the global industrial and process markets. German instrumentation manufacturer PMA was added to the Industrial Controls Group in 2005 and enhances the range of control and measurement instrumentation solutions. In July 2005, Danaher Announces Definitive Agreement To Acquire Leica Microsystems. The company manufactures a broad range of products for numerous applications requiring microscopic imaging, measurement and analysis. It also offers system solutions in the areas of Life Science including biotechnology and medicine, as well as the science of raw materials and industrial quality assurance. In early 2007 Danaher acquired Australian Pathology Instrument and Engineering company Vision Systems Limited. Also in 2007, Danaher made its largest acquisition to date, the purchase of Tektronix, Inc. for 2.85 billion USD. In 2009 Danaher purchased the Analytical Technologies business unit of Canadian Life Sciences company MDS, Inc. for $650 million USD. In a separate, but related transaction, Danaher agreed with Life Technologies Corporation (Nasdaq: LIFE) to acquire the remaining 50% ownership position in AB SCIEX for $450 million USD, leaving Danaher as outright owner of AB SCIEX and Molecular Devices. The aggregate purchase price for the combined transactions is $1.1 billion. In 2011 Danaher entered into a definitive merger agreement with Beckman Coulter<ref name="Danaher-Corp-Aug-2011-8-K/A"></ref> and sold Accu-sort to Datalogic. In October 2012, Danaher Corporation and Cooper Industries agreed to sell their joint venture, Apex Tool Group, to Bain Capital for a fee of around $1.6 billion. In December 2012 Danaher Corporation acquired Navman Wireless, a provider of on-demand fleet and asset management technology. In September 2014, Danaher Corp announced its intention to buy Nobel Biocare for $2.2 billion. In October 2014, Danaher Corp announced it would be combining its communications unit with NetScout Systems. The action was completed in July 2015 In May 2015, Danaher Corp announced the acquisition of Pall for $13.8 billion, which was completed in August 2015. In June 2016, Danaher spun off several subsidiaries, including Matco and AMMCO-COATS, to create Fortive. In September of the same year, the company announced it would acquire Cepheid for $4 billion (including debt). in 2016 October, Danaher Corporation acquired Phenomenex for $700 million to expand its life sciences space. In October 2017, Danaher Corp announced the acquisition of IDBS. It was announced that IDBS would become part of Danaher's life sciences platform. In March 2018, the business announced it would acquire Integrated DNA Technologies for an undisclosed price. Other Brands (Note: As of July 2016, some of these are now part of Fortive) </doc> <doc id="2339186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339186" title="A Tale of Two Sisters"> A Tale of Two Sisters A Tale of Two Sisters (; lit. "Rose Flower, Red Lotus") is a 2003 South Korean psychological horror drama film written and directed by Kim Jee-woon. The film is inspired by a Joseon Dynasty era folktale entitled Janghwa Hongryeon jeon, which has been adapted to film several times. The plot focuses on a recently released patient from a mental institution who returns home with her sister, only to face disturbing events between her stepmother and the ghosts haunting their house- all of which are connected to a dark past in the family's history. The film opened to very positive reviews from critics and won Best Picture at the 2004 Fantasporto Film Festival. It is both the highest-grossing Korean horror film and the first to be screened in American theatres. An American remake titled "The Uninvited" was released in 2009 to largely negative reviews. A teenage girl, Su-mi (Im Soo-jung), is being treated for shock and psychosis in a mental institution. She is released and returns home to her family's secluded estate in the countryside with her father (Kim Kap-soo) and younger sister Su-yeon (Moon Geun-young), whom she is protective over. The sisters have a cold reunion with their stepmother, Eun-joo (Yum Jung-ah). Eun-joo sleeps beside the sisters' father but he becomes uncomfortable and goes to sleep in the living room. Su-mi experiences a terrifying nightmare where the ghost of her late biological mother climbs on her bed with a broken neck. The next day, Su-mi finds family photos which reveal that Eun-joo was formerly an in-home nurse for her then-terminally ill biological mother. She discovers bruises on her sister's arms and angrily confronts Eun-joo about the abuse. That night, their uncle and his wife arrive for dinner and Eun-joo tells bizarre stories that bewilder them. The uncle's wife suffers a violent seizure and tells her husband that she witnessed the ghost of a young girl beneath the kitchen sink. When Eun-joo is in the kitchen alone, a ghost girl is seen watching her in the background. After finding her pet bird dead and seeing defaced family photos of herself, Eun-joo locks Su-yeon in the closet. Su-mi releases her hysterical sister and is confronted by their father, who repeatedly begs her to stop acting out. She retorts that he is blind to Eun-joo's abuse against Su-yeon. Her father tells her that Su-yeon is dead but Su-mi refuses to believe it. The next morning, Eun-joo drags a bloodied sack through the house, whipping it. Su-mi believes that Su-yeon is inside the sack and attempts to open it. Eun-joo and Su-mi get into a violent physical altercation. Su-mi's father arrives to find an injured Su-mi lying unconscious. It is ultimately revealed that Su-mi and her father were alone in the house the entire time. The characters of Su-yeon and Eun-joo were manifestations of Su-mi's dissociative identity disorder. Throughout the film, Su-mi simultaneously switched personalities, acting as herself and Eun-joo. She hallucinated Su-yeon as a result of not being able to accept her death. In her "Eun-joo" mode, Su-mi imagined scenarios where she impersonates Eun-joo "abusing Su-yeon" but in reality injures herself to act out these situations. The bloodied sack simply contains a porcelain doll. The father and the real Eun-joo, a much different woman from the imaginary version, send Su-mi back to the mental institution. That night, Eun-joo hears footsteps in Su-yeon's old bedroom. Simultaneously, Su-mi hears a mysterious whistling and recognizes it as Su-yeon, which is in stark contrast to her delusion of Su-yeon, who was unable to whistle. Eun-joo enters the room to investigate and the real ghost of Su-yeon crawls out of the closet. It is implied that Eun-joo is killed by Su-yeon, who finally gets her revenge. Su-mi smiles, appearing to have finally found peace. Flashbacks reveal the day that led Su-mi to be institutionalized. Her father and Eun-joo, who was still the nurse of Su-mi and Su-yeon's mother at the time, arrive home, engaged to be married. This causes both sisters to become extremely upset. Su-yeon discovers that their real mother hanged herself in Su-yeon's closet, depressed by the engagement. Su-yeon attempts to revive her mother, causing the closet to collapse on top of her and slowly crush her to death. Eun-joo decides to help the dying Su-yeon but encounters Su-mi, who engages in a heated confrontation with her. Angry, Eun-joo decides to leave Su-yeon to die and reminds Su-mi that she'll "regret this moment" as Su-mi leaves the house, unaware of both her sister and her mother's conditions. The film is loosely based on a popular Korean fairy tale "Janghwa Hongryeon jeon" which has been adapted into film versions in 1924, 1936, 1956, 1962, 1972, and 2009. In the original Korean folktale, the sisters' names are Janghwa and Hongryeon (Rose Flower and Red Lotus). In the film, they are Su-mi and Su-yeon (though the names still hold the meaning, Rose and Lotus). Im Soo-jung (Su-mi) originally auditioned for the role of Su-yeon (played by Moon Geun-young). Kim Jee-woon originally wanted Jun Ji-hyun to play Su-mi, but she refused the role because she thought the script was too scary. Her next film was an unrelated horror film, "The Uninvited". It is both the highest-grossing Korean horror film and the first to be screened in American theatres. With a limited American release starting December 3, 2004, it grossed $72,541. "A Tale of Two Sisters" garnered very positive reviews, with an 87% "Certified Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Meanwhile, Metacritic scored the film 65 out of 100, meaning "generally favorable reviews" from 19 critics. Kevin Thomas of "Los Angeles Times" described "A Tale of Two Sisters" as "a triumph of stylish, darkly absurdist horror that even manages to strike a chord of Shakespearean tragedy – and evokes a sense of wonder anew at all the terrible things people do to themselves and each other." 2003 Sitges Film Festival 2003 Screamfest Horror Film Festival 2003 Busan Film Critics Awards 2003 Blue Dragon Film Awards 2003 Korean Film Awards 2003 Director's Cut Awards 2004 Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival 2004 Fantasia Festival 2004 Fantasporto Film Festival 2004 Gérardmer Film Festival 2004 Grand Bell Awards DreamWorks announced the two lead actresses on June 28, with Emily Browning as Anna Ivers (Su-mi), and Arielle Kebbel as Alex Ivers (Su-yeon). Although originally titled "A Tale of Two Sisters" like the original film, it was later renamed as "The Uninvited". </doc> <doc id="2339190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339190" title="Tale of Two Sisters"> Tale of Two Sisters Tale of Two Sisters is a 1989 drama film about two sisters who, having not seen each other for 5 years, catch up and relive childhood experiences. It is directed by Adam Rifkin and narrated by Charlie Sheen, and stars Claudia Christian and Valerie Breiman as the two sisters. Phil resents her sister Liz for being the focus of their mother's love and has not spoken to her since she attended Liz's wedding. Years later Phil visits Liz at her expensive home where she lives with their parents and the two argue over their feelings about each other. </doc> <doc id="2339194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339194" title="He Walked by Night"> He Walked by Night He Walked by Night is a 1948 American police procedural film noir directed by Alfred L. Werker and an uncredited Anthony Mann. The film, shot in semidocumentary tone, was loosely based on newspaper accounts of the real-life actions of Erwin "Machine-Gun" Walker, a former Glendale, California police department employee and World War II veteran who unleashed a crime spree of burglaries, robberies, and shootouts in the Los Angeles area during 1945 and 1946. During production, one of the actors, Jack Webb, struck up a friendship with the police technical advisor, Detective Sergeant Marty Wynn, and was inspired by a conversation with Wynn to create the radio and later television program "Dragnet". "He Walked by Night" was released by Eagle-Lion Films and is notable for the camera work by renowned "noir" cinematographer John Alton. Today the film is in the public domain. On a Los Angeles street, Officer Rawlins, a patrolman on his way home from work, stops a man he suspects of being a burglar and is shot and mortally wounded. The minor clues lead nowhere. Two police detectives, Sergeants Marty Brennan (Scott Brady) and Chuck Jones (James Cardwell), are assigned to catch the killer, Roy Morgan (Richard Basehart), a brilliant mystery man with no known criminal past, who is hiding in a Hollywood bungalow and listening to police calls on his custom radio in an attempt to avoid capture. His only relationship is with his little dog. Roy consigns burgled electronic equipment to Paul Reeves (Whit Bissell), and on his fifth sale is nearly caught when he shows up to collect on his property. Reeves tells police that the suspect is a mystery man named Roy Martin. The case crosses the paths of Brennan and Jones, who stake out Reeves' office to arrest and question Roy. He suspects a trap, however, and in a brief shootout shoots and paralyzes Jones. Jones wounds Roy, who performs surgery on himself to remove the bullet and avoid going to a hospital, where his gunshot wound would be reported to the police. With his knowledge of police procedures, Roy changes his modus operandi and becomes an armed robber. During one robbery he fires his semi-automatic pistol, and the police recover the ejected casing. Lee (Jack Webb), a forensics specialist, matches the ejector marks on the casing to those recovered in the killing of Officer Rawlins and the wounding of Sgt. Jones, connecting all three shootings to one suspect. Captain Breen (Roy Roberts) uses this break to gather all of the witnesses to the robberies. They assist Lee in building a composite photo of the killer. Reeves then identifies Roy from the composite. However, Roy hides in Reeves' car and attempts to intimidate him into revealing details of the police investigation. He barely eludes a stakeout of Reeves' house. Because the police do not realize that Roy has inside knowledge of their work, the case goes nowhere. Breen takes Brennan off the case in an attempt to shake him up. Jones convinces his partner to stop viewing the case personally and to use his head. Plodding, methodical follow-up by Brennan, using the composite photograph, results in information that Roy, whose actual name is Roy Morgan, worked for a local police department as a civilian radio technician before being drafted into the Army. Brennan tracks him down through post office mail carriers and disguises himself as a milkman to get a close look at Morgan and his apartment. The police surround and raid the apartment that night, but Morgan, forewarned by the barking of his dog, escapes through the attic and uses the Los Angeles storm drainage tunnel system as a means of escape. The film continues with a dragnet and chase through the drainage tunnels. Roy is finally cornered by the police in a passage blocked by the wheel of a police car. As the police shoot tear gas at Roy, he staggers and attempts to fire at them. He is then shot down and killed. The final scene is notable for its resemblance to the final scene in "The Third Man" in which Orson Welles' character is chased through the sewers of Vienna. No known connection between the films has been established. The staff at "Variety" magazine gave the film a positive review and wrote, ""He Walked by Night" is a high-tension crime thriller, supercharged with violence but sprung with finesse. Top credits for this film's wallop is shared equally by the several scripters, director Alfred Werker and a small, but superb cast headed by Richard Basehart...Starting in high gear, the film increases in momentum until the cumulative tension explodes in a powerful crime-doesn't pay climax. Striking effects are achieved through counterpoint of the slayer's ingenuity in eluding the cops and the police efficiency in bringing him to book. High-spot of the film is the final sequence which takes place in LA's storm drainage tunnel system where the killer tries to make his getaway. With this role, Basehart establishes himself as one of Hollywood's most talented finds in recent years. He heavily overshadows the rest of the cast, although Scott Brady, Roy Roberts and Jim Cardwell, as the detectives, deliver with high competence. Film is also marked by realistic camera work and a solid score." </doc> <doc id="2339195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339195" title="1953 in archaeology"> 1953 in archaeology The year 1953 in archaeology involved some significant events. </doc> <doc id="2339196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339196" title="William Johnston Almon"> William Johnston Almon William Johnston Almon (27 January 1816 – 19 February 1901) was a Nova Scotian physician and Canadian parliamentarian. Born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Almon received his medical education from the University of Edinburgh and the University of Glasgow. He was awarded a medical degree from the later university in 1838. By 1839, Almon had returned to Halifax and had an established a medical practice. He is noted for being among the first physicians in North America to employ chloroform as a surgical anesthetic, a procedure he first performed on 5 February 1848, within 90 days of the first-ever application of chloroform as an anesthetic by James Young Simpson in Edinburgh. Almon was also a pivotal figure in the establishment of the first hospital in Halifax, and helped found, and served three terms as president of, the Medical Society of Nova Scotia. As an alumnus of King's College, Almon created the "Welsford Testimonial" (Almon-Welsford Testimonial) after the fallen Crimean War Hero (See the Welsford-Parker Monument), the President of the University presents it to the successful candidate every year. Almon assisted in helping confederate sympathisers escape justice in the Chesapeake Affair during the American Civil War. As a Liberal-Conservative first elected in the Canadian federal election of 1872, Almon served one term as a Member of Parliament representing the electoral district of Halifax in the province of Nova Scotia. Although he did not stand again in 1874, he was on 15 April 1879 appointed to the Senate of Canada on the recommendation of Sir John A. Macdonald. He represented the senatorial division for Halifax until his death. </doc> <doc id="2339201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339201" title="Weird Science (comics)"> Weird Science (comics) Weird Science was an American science fiction comic book magazine that was part of the EC Comics line in the early 1950s. Over a four-year span, the comic ran for 22 issues, ending with the November–December, 1953 issue. "Weird Fantasy" was a sister title published during the same time frame. Published by Bill Gaines and edited by Al Feldstein, the bi-monthly "Weird Science" replaced "Saddle Romances" with the May/June 1950 issue. Although the title and format change took effect with issue 12, Gaines and Feldstein decided not to restart the numbering in order to save money on second class postage. The Post Office took note and, starting with issue #5, all the issues were numbered correctly. Because of this, "Weird Science #12" could refer to either the May/June 1950 issue, or the actual 12th issue published in 1952. The same confusion exists for issues #13-15, #15 being the last issue published before EC reset the numbering. Artist/Writer Harry Harrison claims credit for originally giving Gaines the notion of publishing science fiction. Harrison has stated that he and artist Wally Wood were interested in science fiction and gave Gaines science fiction stories to read. Harrison, however, had no editorial control over the contents of the comic aside from his own stories and left EC by the end of 1950. Early cover illustrations were by Feldstein. Wood, the title's leading artist, took over as the regular cover illustrator in 1952. For a period of time in 1952, Wood drew two stories per issue. The other "Weird Science" interior artists were Feldstein, Frank Frazetta, Al Williamson, Joe Orlando, George Evans, Harvey Kurtzman, George Roussos, Harrison, Will Elder, Jack Kamen, Sid Check and Jack Olesen. Writers in the early issues included Feldstein, Gaines, Kurtzman, Harrison and Gardner Fox. Gaines and Feldstein wrote nearly all stories from 1951 to 1953. As with other EC Comics, Gaines and Feldstein used some "Weird Science" stories to teach moral lessons. "The Probers" (#8) features a space shuttle doctor who pays no mind to dissecting various animals, only to end up on an alien planet where aliens plan to dissect him. In "The Worm Turns" (#11) astronauts have fun with Mexican jumping beans but face a similar situation when they hide in a piece of fruit on an alien world and are found by a giant alien. "He Walked Among Us" (#13) was a take on organized religion in which a Christ-like astronaut helps the impoverished populace of an alien world but is killed by those in power, prompting the birth of a religion. Gaines and Feldstein made cameo appearances in "Chewed Out" (#12), and other EC staffers were drawn into "EC Confidential" (#21). As with the other EC comics edited by Feldstein, the stories in this comic were primarily based on Gaines reading a large number of science fiction stories and using them to develop "springboards" from which he and Feldstein could launch new stories. Specific story influences that have been identified include the following: After their unauthorized adaptation of one of Ray Bradbury's stories in another magazine, Bradbury contacted EC about their plagiarism of his work. They reached an agreement for EC to do authorized versions of Bradbury's short fiction. These official adaptations include: EC's science fiction comics were never able to match the popularity of their horror comics like "Tales from the Crypt", but Gaines and Feldstein kept them alive using the profits from their more popular titles. In the EC Library reprints, comics historian Mark Evanier theorizes that the short story format, where no story was longer than eight pages helped contribute to poor sales because the horror comics were much better suited for very short stories with shock endings than the science fiction comics. Evanier also ponders whether the very similar logo style of "Weird Science" and its companion comic Weird Fantasy as well as similar cover subjects contributed to lower sales due to customers thinking they already owned the issues on sale. Historian Digby Diehl wondered whether having host characters like EC's horror comics would have helped the comics be more commercially successful. When the poor sales became too much to handle, "Weird Science" combined with companion comic "Weird Fantasy" in 1954 to become "Weird Science-Fantasy". As discussed in an "In Memoriam" feature in the final issue, it was stated that every issue for the previous year and a half lost money and they had no choice but to combine the two comics into one. "Weird Science-Fantasy" ran for seven issues before a title change to "Incredible Science Fiction" for four issues. As with many other EC titles, "Weird Science" has been reprinted numerous times over the years. Ballantine Books reprinted selected stories in a series of paperback EC anthologies in 1964-66. All 22 issues were published in black and white in four hardbound volumes in 1980 as part of publisher Russ Cochran's "The Complete EC Library". This set was published in two versions, the original, with what Cochran later said were his own incomplete and occasionally erroneous analyses, and a revised version containing analysis from outside contributors. In addition, all 22 issues were reprinted in comic form in the mid-1990s by Cochran and Gemstone Publishing. This complete run was later rebound, with covers included, in a series of five softcover "EC Annuals". In 2007, Cochran and Gemstone began to publish hardcover, re-colored volumes of "Weird Science" as part of the "EC Archives" series. Three volumes (of a projected four) were published before Gemstone's financial troubles left the project in limbo. But the project may soon be revived under a new publisher. GC Press LLC, a boutique imprint established by Russ Cochran and Grant Geissman, announced in a press release dated September 1, 2011 that it is continuing the EC Archives series, with the first new releases scheduled for November 2011. "Weird Science" was a 1985 movie produced by Joel Silver, who acquired film rights to EC Comics in the early 1980s. The plot of the 1985 "Weird Science" film is an expansion and modernization of the basic premise in Al Feldstein's story "Made of the Future" in the fifth issue. HBO's "Perversions of Science" is a science fiction/horror television series based on "Weird Science" stories. It has been suggested on "The Simpsons" season 3 DVD commentary for the episode "Treehouse of Horror II" that the appearance of Kang and Kodos was based on cover art from EC Comics. No specific issue number is mentioned, but it may be a combination of different covers including possibly "Weird Science" #6 and #16. </doc> <doc id="2339204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339204" title="Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness"> Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is an action-adventure game, the sixth instalment in the "Tomb Raider" series, acting as a direct sequel to "Tomb Raider Chronicles" and "". It was developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. The game was released in 2003 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Mac OS X and was the first "Tomb Raider" title to be released for the PlayStation 2 console. The storyline follows Lara Croft as she attempts to clear herself of being the suspect of her former mentor Werner Von Croy's murder while investigating the activities of a black magic cult. The game's development began three years before release. The intention was to create a different game from previous entries in the franchise, one that could compete better with newer action games, and to fully exploit the potential of the sixth generation of gaming platforms. The production was fraught with difficulties, and the game ended up being delayed twice. When released, the game sold 2.5 million copies worldwide, but it received mixed to negative reviews for its poor controls and multiple bugs. In the aftermath of the game's release, a potential trilogy was scrapped and development of the franchise was transferred to Crystal Dynamics for the next entry in the series, the reboot "". "Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness", like previous "Tomb Raider" games, is a third-person action-adventure puzzle game. Players control the main series protagonist Lara Croft through the majority of the game. The majority of Lara's basic moves are carried over from the previous instalment, such as walking, jumping, climbing, swinging on ropes and standard gunplay. Her new moves include a small hop, army-crawling, hand-to-hand combat and a "super-jump" that can be performed while running. Lara can also sneak up on enemies and perform stealth attacks, flatten herself against walls and peer around corners. Lara's ability to sprint, present in the three previous entries in the series, is only available when the player opens a cabinet containing gas masks in the 'Galleries Under Siege' level. Her weapons arsenal is also modified from previous games, featuring new weapons such as a K2 Impactor stun gun and upgraded versions of weapons like the shotgun. Unlike previous games in the series, Lara has a stamina meter which depletes while she is performing bouts of climbing: if the bar empties before reaching her destination, she falls. The rate at which the meter decrease slows if the player performs special actions that increase Lara's strength. These actions are also necessary to progress in many of the levels. The game incorporates elements similar to a role-playing game, whereby Lara can talk with various NPCs found throughout the environments and choose what kinds of answers to give: early in the game, these answers will directly affect her progress through the story. The game also features a second playable character, Kurtis Trent. Initially appearing to be an antagonist, he becomes controllable by the player late in the game. He features mainly identical moves to Lara, and his sections of the game are more based around combat. "Angel of Darkness" follows on from events in "" and "Tomb Raider Chronicles", where Lara Croft was presumed dead. An unspecified time later, Lara arrives in Paris at the request of her former mentor Werner Von Croy, who was tasked by a man named Eckhardt to find a set of artifacts known as the Obscura Paintings. The city, and Von Croy, are gripped with fear over a serial killer the press have dubbed the "Monstrum". When Lara and Von Croy argue, they are attacked, and Lara wakes to find Werner dead and her memories of the attack blurred. Suspected of his murder, she goes on the run. After retrieving Von Croy's journal from a colleague named Margot Carvier, she learns that Von Croy discovered the location of the fourth Obscura Painting beneath the Louvre; during her time in Paris getting help from local businessman and mob boss Louis Bouchard, Lara is stalked by Kurtis Trent, the last survivor of a society called the Lux Veritatis who are sworn to fight against Eckhardt's plans. After infiltrating the Louvre, she learns that the paintings hide pieces of the Sanglyph, an alchemical artifact created by Eckhardt hundreds of years before. The paintings were seized and hidden by the Lux Veritatis centuries before. After retrieving the Painting from its hiding place, Lara is ambushed by Kurtis and robbed of the painting. The two escape the Louvre as it is assaulted by mercenaries, with Kurtis using a magical disc to keep both Lara and the mercenaries at bay. The two are both knocked out by a shape-shifting stranger who steals the Painting. Lara is picked up by Bouchard, who takes her to Von Croy's apartment to find further clues. However, Bouchard sends an assassin to kill Lara; she is able to kill him and heads for Prague, where a new Monstrum killing has taken place. Arriving in Prague, she finds the location of the final Painting and re-encounters a captive Bouchard. He reveals that Eckhardt is planning to use the Sanglyph to awaken the Cubiculum Nephili, the last surviving member of the hostile Nephilim race, and breed them back into existence. Bouchard is later murdered by Eckhardt, who is revealed to have been killing and extracting samples for his experiments under the guise of the Monstrum. Lara infiltrates Eckhardt's fortress, the Strahov Sanitarium, and encounters members of the Cabal, a secret society that shares Eckhardt's ambitions. While going through the complex, she switches off the power, releasing a rabid creature called the Proto-Nephilim. Later on, Lara is locked in a containment area by Kurtis so he can turn the power back on without interference. Kurtis succeeds, finding his way through the Sanatorium and killing the Proto-Nephilim. Forming an alliance, Lara retrieves the final Painting, while Kurtis goes to retrieve a Periapt Shard, one of three magical daggers which can kill Eckhardt. After retrieving the Painting, Lara is forced by Eckhardt to hand over the Painting to save Kurtis's life. After Eckhardt releases one of the Cabal's monsters on them, Kurtis helps Lara escape—giving her the two Periapt Shards in his possession—before killing the monster, being seriously wounded in the process. Lara recovers the final Shard and reaches Eckhardt, who reforms the Sanglyph and begins reviving the Cubiculum Nephili. Lara succeeds in wounding him, but is stopped by Karel, Eckhardt's right-hand man. Karel proceeds to kill Eckhardt, revealing himself to be a Nephilim who has been secretly aiding Lara using his influence in the Cabal and shape shifting abilities. He offers Lara the chance to join him, but Lara refuses after remembering that it was Karel who murdered Von Croy in Eckhardt's form. Lara uses the Sanglyph to destroy the Cubiculum Nephili, causing an explosion that kills Karel. On her way out, she finds Kurtis's weapon and it leads her towards the monster's chamber. Smiling, Lara walks through the door into shadows, ending the game. "The Angel of Darkness" started development three years prior to its release under the working title "Tomb Raider next generation". As part of the preparation for the game, the company conducted market research, and decided to create a new setting and story for the main character. One of the main drives behind the game was fully using the new platform's potential and reinventing the character of Lara Croft, including rebuilding her character model and allowing her to perform melee combat. It was the first game in the series to be made for the PlayStation 2 platform: the previous entry "Tomb Raider Chronicles" had pushed the PlayStation to its technical limits, contributing to lower review scores and sales than previous titles in the series. Core Design separated into two teams, with a new team working on "Angel of Darkness" and series regulars on "Tomb Raider: Chronicles". After the completion of "Tomb Raider: Chronicles", lead programmer Richard Morton came over and found that the new team had gone off the rails, scrapping the entire project once already and completing only the game's basic story. There was also a general lack of leadership, causing the entire development system to be fragmented. The developers later admitted to being overambitious. Some of them also commented that none of the Core team were prepared for the added complexity of developing for the advanced PlayStation 2. Among the goals of the team for "Angel of Darkness" were to create more complicated puzzles and make the character of Lara Croft, together with the tone of the game, darker and more hard-edged. They also wished to compete with some of the newer action-adventure games on the market, which were providing heavy competition, and include gameplay ideas from "Shenmue" and the "Metal Gear" series. Many character movements were drawn from and based directly on movements made by real people, similar to later motion capture techniques, and the world design drew from various artists and elements of films from the likes of Luc Besson and David Fincher. Murti Schofield, who had previously worked with Core Design, was brought in to write the story and script. As part of writing the background for the organisations involved in the story, he researched historical secret societies and artefacts, and accurate translations of Latin text incorporated into the game. Schofield created the character Kurtis Trent upon a request for someone who could become the focus of a spin-off franchise. Core spent two years trying to reshape the franchise as well as writing a back story in the form of a book separated into multiple chapters, with "Angel of Darkness" being the first of those chapters. Jonell Elliott returned as the voice of Lara Croft. This would be the last time she provided the voice, with Keeley Hawes taking over in future titles. In order to meet the deadline, areas of the game containing key narrative elements had to be cut; one of the losses was the explanation of how the character survived the events of "The Last Revelation". Among other concepts that needed to be cut were two further locations, character animations, sound bites, and unique gameplay elements involving Kurtis. Some completed environmental assets also ended up being cut by mistake. Some of those elements were also deliberately left out by the team, who wished to bring them into planned sequels. Paris was intended to be a "freeform" with exploration and dialogue elements, but much of the planned content was removed, resulting in some surviving elements sounding and appearing bare or unfinished in the released product. The game was reportedly submitted eight times to Sony before its release. The PS2 version was the focus of development, with the PC port being an afterthought. The PC control scheme was created in a week just a month before the scheduled release. Staff later agreed that the game needed a further six to eight weeks to be finished, but the rush to publish the game denied them that time. The music for "Tomb Raider: Angel of Darkness" was composed by Peter Connelly and Martin Iveson. The soundtrack, compared to earlier entries in the franchise, was far more orchestral. It was also one of the few areas of the game's development that did not suffer setbacks or similar problems. The music was recorded in a very short time, meaning the team did not get many retake opportunities. Connelly later referred to the game's main theme as his masterpiece. The track "Dance of the Lux Veritatis" was left out of the game due to both quality concerns and having no scenes to match it. The score was recorded live by the London Symphony Orchestra at Abbey Road Studios, London, in 2002. It was orchestrated by Peter Wraight and conducted by David Snell. The orchestra had no time for rehearsals, performing them for the first time when they were being recorded. "Angel of Darkness" was described by Connelly as his "the most exciting project to work on" due to working with the London Symphony Orchestra. The Europe-exclusive 'Collector's Edition' of the game included eight tracks from the game's soundtrack on the bonus documentary DVD. These tracks were later release as a stand-alone Audio CD. "The Angel of Darkness" was unveiled under its official name in March 2002, with a fuller demonstration appearing at E3 that year. Problems with the game were sensed at an early stage, as Heath-Smith forgot himself and began swearing at the game while trying to demonstrate the opening level at a buyer's conference. A release date was announced for November 2002, but the game got delayed into spring 2003. Eidos believed "The Angel of Darkness" would benefit from additional marketing support from "", the sequel to the . Despite the delays, the company pushed Core Design to release the game in time for the marketing support. The team at Core Design later said that they felt Eidos forced them to get the game out before it was ready. The game went gold on 18 June 2003, two days before its original release date, although there was some confusion as the game had reportedly gone gold on 2 June. The game was finally released in the summer of 2003, alongside "The Cradle of Life". "Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness" received strong initial sales, mostly driven by an aggressive advertising campaign. The game reached 6th place in the UK Top 20 sales charts, but dropped to 13th by the following week. The game's PlayStation 2 version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom. It eventually went on to sell 2.5 million copies. The game received mixed to negative reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100, the game received an average score of 52 and 49 for the PlayStation 2 and Windows version, respectively. Reviewers praised the game's storyline, graphics, sound, and environments, while they criticised its large number of bugs and system requirements and its poor controls, combat system, and camera movement. Gaming magazines "Game Informer" and "PlayStation Official Magazine" gave it 5.5/10 and 8/10 respectively. The game's story received positive reviews. IGN's Douglas C. Perry praised its "compelling storyline" and "set of intriguing bit characters", while GameSpot's Greg Kasavin praised the story as "interesting", expressing surprise that it did not earn a higher ESRB rating. Eurogamer's Kristan Reed called it "a cut above most gaming fodder, and an area Core has paid an enormous amount of attention to." Game Revolution's A. A. White was less positive, stating that while the game's darker story was an improvement compared to its predecessors, it never "[managed] to build to a captivating crescendo", while the reviewer for GamesRadar called it "bountiful but confusing and ultimately of GCSE-standard creative writing." The music and sound were also highly praised. Perry called it "beautifully scored game, plush with dramatic mood and feeling", with minimal sound effects adding "a sense of variety and even peculiarity", Reed called it "excellently atmospheric throughout, and easily the best yet in the series." while Kavasin praised the game for "excellent ambient effects, a perfectly suited musical score, and first-rate voice acting." The reaction to the graphics were mixed to positive. Perry cited multiple examples of good level design, smooth character models, surface textures and lightning, while feeling more mixed about Lara's unrealistic figure and hardened appearance. White cited the graphics as an improvement, but was unimpressed by Lara's character model and noted multiple frame-rate dips that seemed "almost like playing the game in slow motion." The GamesRadar review called the graphics "a measured improvement on ["Tomb Raider: Chronicles"], but not a clean break from the [previous] Croft titles." Karavin called the detailing in textures and models "impressive", but cited several points where the game suffered from severe framerate dips. Reed praised the game's graphical polish, with "almost every multi-tiered location crammed with detail and careful incidentals", but critiqued the frequent loading screens and stylised or low detail for environments and characters. The gameplay was heavily criticised. Perry said that those aspects of the game "pale in comparison to 90% of the PlayStation 2's adventure or action-adventure games, and they actually hurt the rest of the game's best qualities", but that the new moves worked smoothly apart from the stealth actions. White criticised the new layout's negative effect on gameplay and the poor enemy AI, and Kasavin called the experience "frustrating, difficult, and tedious", though stating that such moments stood out because many areas of the game were "thrilling". Reed found the controls dated and the stealth mechanics and strength upgrade system unnecessary, while the GamesRadar reviewer cited both the gameplay and control layout as dated, citing the difficulty of effectively controlling Lara at multiple points in the game because of these issues. The camera was also criticised, with White, Perry, Reed, Kasavin and the GamesRadar reviewer all citing it as awkward to control and sometimes wayward or confusing during its scripted movements. In 2010, GameTrailers placed the game 5th in their "Top 10 Worst Sequels" list. "The Angel of Darkness" caused multiple problems for the "Tomb Raider" franchise. Paramount Pictures faulted "The Cradle of Life"s lacklustre box office performance on the poor critical reception the video game received from reviewers and fans. The head of Core Design, Jeremy Heath-Smith, resigned after the release of the game, and plans for a sequel called "The Lost Dominion", part of a proposed trilogy created using the game's engine, were scrapped. Following the poor performance of both the game and the second movie, Eidos Interactive took the production of "Tomb Raider" games away from Core Design and assigned them to Crystal Dynamics, noted as the developers of the "Legacy of Kain" series. In later years, "Angel of Darkness" has become noted for using or experimenting with multiple gameplay features that later became commonplace, such as the RPG elements, stamina meter and mixing atmospheric features from different video game genres. </doc> <doc id="2339207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339207" title="County executive"> County executive A county executive is the head of the executive branch of government in a United States county. The executive may be an elected or an appointed position. When elected, the executive typically functions either as a voting member of the elected county government, or may have veto power similar to other elected executives such as a governor, president or mayor. When appointed, the executive is usually hired for a specific period of time, but frequently can be dismissed prior to this. The position of an appointed county executive is analogous to that of a city manager (rather than that of an appointed governor common outside the US), and is similar to a chief administrative officer, depending on the state. The executive is generally given full responsibility for the total operation of all departments based on general directives provided by the elected county government that hired the executive. The title for a person holding this position is "County Executive" in many states but other titles are used, including County Judge (in Arkansas and Texas, and historically in Missouri and Tennessee), County Judge/Executive in Kentucky, and Mayor in some counties, and County Mayor in Hawai'i and Tennessee. </doc> <doc id="2339208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339208" title="Grand Forks Public Schools"> Grand Forks Public Schools Grand Forks Public Schools (GFPS) is a system of K-12 schools in Grand Forks, North Dakota, United States. GFPS comprises two school districts: the Grand Forks School District and the Grand Forks Air Force Base School District. There are twelve elementary schools, four middle schools, and two high schools. GFPS also operates an alternative high school, an adult learning center, and a Head Start program. GFPS employs 1,100 people and instructs 7,200 students. Current district administration includes: Current School Principals include: </doc> <doc id="2339213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339213" title="In the Sun"> In the Sun In the Sun may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339215" title="Dennis Chambers"> Dennis Chambers Dennis Milton Chambers (born May 9, 1959), is an American drummer. He was inducted into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2001. Chambers began drumming at the age of four years, and was gigging in Baltimore-area nightclubs by the age of six. He was recruited in 1981 by the Sugar Hill Label to be their "house drummer." Chambers played on many Sugar Hill releases. Contrary to popular belief he did not play on "Rapper's Delight" which was revealed in a recent interview on Drumeo.com on 6/8/2017. In an interview by Bonedo in 2011, Chambers was asked who some of his influences and favorite drummers were and he mentioned Clyde Stubblefield, Al Jackson Jr., Steve Gadd, Vinnie Colaiuta, Gary Husband, Jack Dejohnette, Billy Cobham, Buddy Rich, Elvin Jones, Roy Haynes, and Tony Williams. In 1978 (at 18 years old) he joined Parliament/Funkadelic, and stayed with them until 1985. In 1986 he joined the John Scofield band. Since then he has played with most of the major figures in jazz fusion music. He has recorded and performed with Tommy Coster, John Scofield, George Duke, Victor Wooten, Brecker Brothers, Santana, Parliament/Funkadelic, John McLaughlin, Niacin, Mike Stern, CAB, Greg Howe, and many others. He has toured extensively with Carlos Santana and makes appearances with his band Niacin. In December 2004, Chambers was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music during the inauguration of current president, Roger H. Brown. He plays and endorses Pearl drums, pedals, hardware & racks, Zildjian cymbals, Zildjian drumsticks & general accessories, LP percussion, Ddrum electronics and Evans Drumheads. </doc> <doc id="2339219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339219" title="Eagle-Lion Films"> Eagle-Lion Films Eagle-Lion Films was a British film production company owned by J. Arthur Rank intended to release British productions in the United States. In 1947 it acquired Robert R. Young's PRC Pictures, a small American production company, to produce B Pictures to accompany the British releases. The studio became one of the most respected makers of B-movies on what was known as Hollywood's "Poverty Row." Eagle-Lion was also a film distribution company under the name of Eagle-Lion Distributors Limited in the United Kingdom and Eagle-Lion Films Inc. in the United States. In 1954, the film lot, at 7324 Santa Monica Boulevard, was purchased by the Ziv Company for production of its syndicated television programs. It has long since been demolished. The company was founded in September 1946. From 1946 to 1949 Eagle-Lion was under the control of Arthur Krim who in addition to releasing films by Rank and reissues of David O. Selznick films produced his own B-movies as support. Bryan Foy the former head of the B-picture unit at Warner Bros. was placed in charge of production. Some of the producers working at Eagle-Lion included Aubrey Schenck, Jack Schwarz and briefly, Walter Wanger. Directors included Anthony Mann. The initial arrangement was that Rank and Eagle-Lion would each produce five films a year. Costs were also initially kept to less than $500,000 per film. Their first year of films were financed with $8 million in loans from the Bank of America which Young personally guaranteed. The company recorded a loss of $2.2 million in 1947. Arthur Krim later attributed this to them paying too much money for stars who were not worth anything at the box office. This encouraged Eagle Lion to change its mode of production, using more independent producers as a source of product. Bryan Foy resigned as head of production to become an independent producer for the company and Arthur Krim became studio chief. Eagle Lion would help finance the films and offer facilities, although producers would find their own money too. PRC was dissolved in August 1947 and its product was shifted to Eagle Lion. Along with Foy, other independent producers who worked for Eagle Lion included Edward Small and Walter Wanger. They began making lower budgeted films, enjoying particular success with film noir. By 1947–48 the studio had accomplished 14 productions. By the spring of 1949, ten were in release, five of which earned a substantial profit – "T-Men", "Raw Deal", "Canon City", "He Walked By Night" and "The Noose Hangs High". Two others broke even and two others showed loses. If the company had completely financed these films it would have made $1.2 million but as it was it made $200,000. However, because of its unsuccessful first year, the company still owed money and shut its studio in November 1948. Eagle Lion released a series of British films, most of which were unsuccessful at the American box office. There were some exceptions, such as "The Red Shoes". Assistant director Reggie Callow felt that the studio would have survived longer had they kept producing low-budget films rather than attempting to compete with the major studios by making higher-budgeted films. The company suffered increasing financial trouble throughout 1949. Krim resigned in May and the company ceased production at the end of the year. Eagle-Lion merged with Film Classics in 1950 to become Eagle-Lion Classics. In 1951 Krim was offered the leadership of United Artists to improve their fortunes. In April of that year UA took over distribution of Eagle Lion's current releases; Eagle Lion terminated the releasing pact with Rank and ceased distributing movies. Their studios were sold off. Eagle-Lion had acquired the film studio of Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC) which had acquired the building from Grand National Pictures which ceased operations in 1939. In 1954 Frederick Ziv bought the studio for his Ziv Television Programs. While the production company was ultimately unsuccessful, Arthur Krim's experience working at it was invaluable in helping re-establish United Artists as an industry powerhouse in the coming decades. </doc> <doc id="2339222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339222" title="Yagua people"> Yagua people Yagua people are an indigenous people in Colombia and northeastern Peru, numbering approximately 6,000. Currently, they live near the Amazon, Napo, Putumayo and Yavari rivers and their tributaries. As of 2005, some Yagua have migrated northward to Colombia, near the town of Leticia. Currently the Yagua live in some 30 communities scattered throughout a section of the Peruvian and Colombian Amazon basin which can roughly be described as a rectangle 200 miles wide and 350 miles long (70,000 sq. miles) extending southward from the second to the fifth parallel and westward from the 70th to the 75th meridian west. The Yagua language is classified as a Peba-Yaguan language. The only closely related languages that have been documented are Peba and Yameo both of which are now extinct. 2000 Yagua people in Peru were monolingual in 2000, and of these, 75% were women and 25% were men. The majority of the rest are bilingual in Spanish to varying degrees. Yagua people are also known as Llagua, Nijyamïï Nikyejaada, Yahua, Yava, and Yegua. There are two possible etymologies for the term 'Yagua', both of which originate outside the Yagua language. First, the Quechua term "yawar" meaning 'blood' or 'the color of blood', is a likely possibility due to the Yagua custom of painting their faces with achiote, the blood red seeds of the annatto plant ("Bixa orellana"). During the pre-conquest period, the Yaguas were in close contact with the Incas, as to this day there are far more Quechua (Inca) words in Yagua than there are Spanish words. The term in Quechua would have been something like "yawar runa", 'the blood-red people', which could easily have been assimilated into Spanish as "yagua". Second, the term "yagua" in Spanish means 'royal palm'. This term could have been applied to the Yaguas by the Spanish explorers because much of the native clothing is made of palm fiber. Unfortunately, there is no data on whether a name resembling "yagua" was first used by the Quechuas of the area or the Spanish, therefore there is no principled way to distinguish between these two possible etymologies. The only native term that might be thought of as a self-referent is "nijyąąmíy" 'people.' This word is often used in contrast with "mááy" 'white people' and "munuñúmiy" 'savages', 'enemies' or 'non-Yaguas'. However, "nijyąąmíy" is also the generic term for all human beings. The third earliest documented European contact with the Yagua was probably made by the Spanish explorer Francisco de Orellana in January 1542. While exploring in the area of modern-day Pebas, Orellana encountered a village called Aparia, and captured two chiefs named Aparia and Dirimara, as well as some others. These names could conceivably have come from the Yagua words "(j)ápiiryá" 'red macaw clan' and "rimyurá" 'shaman' respectively. The former could very well be a village name as well as a name applied to an individual; today clan names are still used by many Yaguas as family names. The word for shaman might also be used to refer to an individual, especially one singled out as a 'chief'. Regular European contact began in 1686 with the establishment of a Jesuit mission at San Joaquin de los Omagua, on an island in the Amazon river probably near what is now the mouth of the Ampiyacu River. Though this mission was established to serve the Cambeba people, there was undoubtedly contact with the Yaguas as well. From the 17th century to the last half of the 19th century, contact with the Yaguas was mainly through the Jesuit and Franciscan missionaries. In the early 18th century, Portuguese raiding parties attacked the Spanish missions throughout the Amazon region causing much geographic dispersion of the tribes that were in contact with the Spanish, and inflicting severe casualties. The present extreme geographic dispersion of the Yagua, however, is due largely to the effects of the 'rubber boom' in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. At that time Europeans arrived in large numbers from Brazil and began to exploit the indigenous people to extract natural latex from the jungle. Many Yaguas died in conflicts with these Europeans, as well as by exposure to European diseases. Others were exploited as slave labor. Still others fled to remote regions of the jungle. Ever since the rubber boom, the Yagua sense of unity and of common culture has declined. Ethnographic descriptions of the Yagua are found in Fejos (1943) and P. Powlison (1985). The history and migrations of the Yagua are described in Chaumeil (1983). Yagua mythology was often told at night when they were not conducive to sleep along with them not being preoccupied with other matters. Most of their story's started with "My deceased father (mother, grandfather, grandmother etc.) used to tell me," to make the story's more real. The tremendous distances between villages make it very difficult to have consistent interaction with Yaguas outside one's home village. All economic activity outside the village is with non-Yagua peoples, usually Spanish-speakers. Thus there is economic and social pressure to learn Spanish and assimilate to the general Peruvian culture. Villages are also characteristically quite small (2 to 30 families). This fact further limits the breadth of interaction with other Yaguas, and increases the tendency to want to reach out beyond one's village for social and economic advantages. However, the Yagua culture and language do continue to be viable, especially in some of the larger and more isolated communities. Some children grow up speaking only Yagua, and native arts and crafts are a significant economic activity. </doc> <doc id="2339228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339228" title="1803 in archaeology"> 1803 in archaeology The year 1803 in archaeology involved some significant events. </doc> <doc id="2339243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339243" title="China Tobacco"> China Tobacco China National Tobacco Corporation (commonly known as China Tobacco, abbreviated as CNTC) ( "Zhōngguó yāncǎo zǒng gōngsī") is a Chinese state-owned manufacturer of tobacco products. It enjoys a virtual monopoly in China, which accounts for roughly 40% of the world's total consumption of cigarettes, and is the world's largest manufacturer of tobacco products measured by revenues. The company was supervised by State Tobacco Monopoly Administration, while the Ministry of Finance of the People's Republic of China acted as the shareholder. Although a national behemoth with 98% of the domestic market, the organization trickles down locally. China Tobacco contracts out orders to smaller, local factories. In turn these factories fill orders and deliver them for distribution to China Tobacco’s distribution chain. The smaller local factories pay a sort of tax to China Tobacco, but keep much of their profit. In turn, retail distributors buy cigarettes from China Tobacco, and the profits China Tobacco realizes from those sales is in turn taxed by the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration (STMA). CNTC is under the jurisdiction of State Tobacco Monopoly Administration (also founded in 1982); this organization is responsible for enforcing the tobacco monopoly in China. While the STMA manages the monopoly, China Tobacco is the corporate body responsible for marketing, production, distribution, and sales of tobacco products. Advertising in print, radio, and television has been banned in China, and even outdoor ads require prior approval provided they are not in one of nearly 100 local jurisdictions where outdoor tobacco ads are banned. These restrictions have forced China National into a strategy that harkens back to the 60's and 70's in the United States; with "cigarette girls", attractive women dressed in brand logos, handing out samples, lighters, and promotional material in front of clubs and bars. Another form of circumvention is printing outdoor advertisements in the name of another entity, the latter's name being clearly printed on the material. For example, the Hongtashan brand mentioned above has recently published their new climbing-themed advertisements through a "Hongtashan Climbing Club". China Tobacco can also look forward to an anti-smoking lobby that is currently small but growing. In recent years, legislation from politicians have increased, banning smoking in many enclosed public areas. The press in China has not been silent either; numerous editorials criticizing smoking on everything from health to pollution have become more and more common place. A major objective of China Tobacco and the STMA has been modernization. As recently as the 1980s, China's independent tobacco factories used outdated equipment to the extent that some processes were even carried out by hand. To accomplish their goal of modernization, the STMA allowed a small number of foreign companies into the country, in exchange for modern equipment. Though deals generally favored China, it allowed foreign companies to gain hard-to-come-by connections within China, and at high levels within the tobacco monopoly itself. The acceptance of foreign competition sparked a massive demand for tobacco production equipment in the 1990s, which has since slowed. However, major factories in China now count their production of cigarettes in tens of thousands per hour. At the same time, China Tobacco has consolidated its factory base; currently, there are 130 cigarette factories in China, compared with a 1997 number of 180. To further their goal of consolidation China Tobacco plans to reduce the number of factories below 100 in the near future. This has led to increased efficiency within the industry, allowing for greater production and brand variety than were possible before. In fact, many brands made by only one or two small regional factories have been licensed to large factories, becoming nationwide successes. China Tobacco, like many other tobacco companies, produces a plethora of brands – over 900, the largest of which, Hongtashan (Red Pagoda Hill), accounts for only 4% of total sales. Other notable brand were Chunghwa and etc. Therefore, Class D quality cigarettes enjoy the highest production rates in China, while Class C quality cigarettes bring in the largest gross profit. However, high-quality national brands do exist in China, though they are hard to find in rural areas without reputable retailers. Trends in cigarette buying have not been lost of China either. In recent years several varieties of cigarettes targeted at women have been released (breaking a longstanding taboo). Varieties common internationally are just as common in China: Unfiltered, Filters, Lights, Ultra Lights, 100's, and 120's are all available in a variety of brands. Foreign brands are to this day not unknown in China, since their introduction with the advent on China Tobacco and the STMA. Marlboro, , Camel, Kool, Lucky Strike, 555, and a variety of other brands can all be found in large cities in China. However, while these cigarette brands are marketed as premium brands outside of China, within China these cigarettes are made locally under license from local tobacco, and their quality usually falls to a mid-range (with certain exceptions for cigarettes still made solely outside of China, like Lucky Strikes and Marlboro). Foreign sales make up only 3 percent of the Chinese market, yet this still accounts for 51 billion cigarettes every year. </doc> <doc id="2339266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339266" title="Acetyl-CoA carboxylase"> Acetyl-CoA carboxylase Acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) is a biotin-dependent enzyme that catalyzes the irreversible carboxylation of acetyl-CoA to produce malonyl-CoA through its two catalytic activities, biotin carboxylase (BC) and carboxyltransferase (CT). ACC is a multi-subunit enzyme in most prokaryotes and in the chloroplasts of most plants and algae, whereas it is a large, multi-domain enzyme in the endoplasmic reticulum of most eukaryotes. The most important function of ACC is to provide the malonyl-CoA substrate for the biosynthesis of fatty acids. The activity of ACC can be controlled at the transcriptional level as well as by small molecule modulators and covalent modification. The human genome contains the genes for two different ACCs—ACACA and ACACB. Prokaryotes and plants have multi-subunit ACCs composed of several polypeptides. Biotin carboxylase (BC) activity, biotin carboxyl carrier protein (BCCP), and carboxyl transferase (CT) activity are each contained on a different subunit. The stoichiometry of these subunits in the ACC holoenzyme differs amongst organisms. Humans and most eukaryotes have evolved an ACC with CT and BC catalytic domains and biotin carboxyl carrier domains on a single polypeptide. ACC functional regions, starting from the N-terminus to C-terminus are the biotin carboxylase (BC), biotin binding (BB), carboxyltransferase (CT), and ATP-binding (AB). AB lies within BC. Biotin is covalently attached through an amide bond to the long side chain of a lysine reside in BB. As BB is between BC and CT regions, biotin can easily translocate to both of the active sites where it is required. In mammals where two isoforms of ACC are expressed, the main structural difference between these isoforms is the extended ACC2 N-terminus containing a mitochondria targeting sequence. The polypeptides composing the multi-subunit ACCs of prokaryotes and plants are encoded by distinct genes. In "Escherichia coli", "accA" encodes the alpha subunit of the acetyl-CoA carboxylase, and "accD" encodes its beta subunit. The overall reaction of ACAC(A,B) proceeds by a two-step mechanism. The first reaction is carried out by BC and involves the ATP-dependent carboxylation of biotin with bicarbonate serving as the source of CO. The carboxyl group is transferred from biotin to acetyl CoA to form malonyl CoA in the second reaction, which is catalyzed by CT. In the active site, the reaction proceeds with extensive interaction of the residues Glu296 and positively charged Arg338 and Arg292 with the substrates. Two Mg2+ are coordinated by the phosphate groups on the ATP, and are required for ATP binding to the enzyme. Bicarbonate is deprotonated by Glu296, although in solution, this proton transfer is unlikely as the pKa of bicarbonate is 10.3. The enzyme apparently manipulates pKas to facilitate the deprotonation of bicarbonate. The pKa of bicarbonate is decreased by its interaction with positively charged side chains of Arg338 and Arg292. Furthermore, Glu296 interacts with the side chain of Glu211, an interaction that has been shown to cause an increase in the apparent pKa. Following deprotonation of bicarbonate, the oxygen of the bicarbonate acts as a nucleophile and attacks the gamma phosphate on ATP. The carboxyphosphate intermediate quickly decomposes to CO and PO. The PO deprotonates biotin, creating an enolate, stabilized by Arg338, that subsequently attacks CO resulting in the production of carboxybiotin. The carboxybiotin translocates to the carboxytransferase (CT) active site, where the carboxyl group is transferred to acetyl-CoA. In contrast to the BC domain, little is known about the reaction mechanism of CT. A proposed mechanism is the release of carbon dioxide from biotin, which subsequently abstracts a proton from the methyl group from acetyl CoA carboxylase. The resulting enolate attacks CO to form malonyl CoA. In a competing mechanism, proton abstraction is concerted with the attack of acetyl CoA. The function of ACC is to regulate the metabolism of fatty acids. When the enzyme is active, the product, malonyl-CoA, is produced which is a building block for new fatty acids and can inhibit the transfer of the fatty acyl group from acyl CoA to carnitine with carnitine acyltransferase, which inhibits the beta-oxidation of fatty acids in the mitochondria. In mammals, two main isoforms of ACC are expressed, ACC1 and ACC2, which differ in both tissue distribution and function. ACC1 is found in the cytoplasm of all cells but is enriched in lipogenic tissue, such as adipose tissue and lactating mammary glands, where fatty acid synthesis is important. In oxidative tissues, such as the skeletal muscle and the heart, the ratio of ACC2 expressed is higher. ACC1 and ACC2 are both highly expressed in the liver where both fatty acid oxidation and synthesis are important. The differences in tissue distribution indicate that ACC1 maintains regulation of fatty acid synthesis whereas ACC2 mainly regulates fatty acid oxidation. The regulation of mammalian ACC is complex, in order to control two distinct pools of malonyl CoA that direct either the inhibition of beta oxidation or the activation of lipid biosynthesis. Mammalian ACC1 and ACC2 are regulated transcriptionally by multiple promoters which mediate ACC abundance in response to the cells nutritional status. Activation of gene expression through different promoters results in alternative splicing; however, the physiological significance of specific ACC isozymes remains unclear. The sensitivity to nutritional status results from the control of these promoters by transcription factors such as SREBP1c, controlled by insulin at the transcriptional level, and ChREBP, which increases in expression with high carbohydrates diets. Through a feedforward loop, citrate allosterically activates ACC. Citrate may increase ACC polymerization to increase enzymatic activity; however, it is unclear if polymerization is citrate's main mechanism of increasing ACC activity or if polymerization is an artifact of in vitro experiments. Other allosteric activators include glutamate and other dicarboxylic acids. Long and short chain fatty acyl CoAs are negative feedback inhibitors of ACC. Phosphorylation can result when the hormones glucagon or epinephrine bind to cell surface receptors, but the main cause of phosphorylation is due to a rise in AMP levels when the energy status of the cell is low, leading to the activation of the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK). AMPK is the main kinase regulator of ACC, able to phosphorylate a number of serine residues on both isoforms of ACC. On ACC1, AMPK phosphorylates Ser79, Ser1200, and Ser1215. Protein kinase A also has the ability to phosphorylate ACC, with a much greater ability to phosphorylate ACC2 than ACC1. However, the physiological significance of protein kinase A in the regulation of ACC is currently unknown. Researchers hypothesize there are other ACC kinases important to its regulation as there are many other possible phosphorylation sites on ACC. When insulin binds to its receptors on the cellular membrane, it activates a phosphatase enzyme called protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A) to dephosphorylate the enzyme; thereby removing the inhibitory effect. Furthermore, insulin induces a phosphodiesterase that lowers the level of cAMP in the cell, thus inhibiting PKA, and also inhibits AMPK directly. This protein may use the morpheein model of allosteric regulation. At the juncture of lipid synthesis and oxidation pathways, ACC presents many clinical possibilities for the production of novel antibiotics and the development of new therapies for diabetes, obesity, and other manifestations of metabolic syndrome. Researchers aim to take advantage of structural differences between bacterial and human ACCs to create antibiotics specific to the bacterial ACC, in efforts to minimize side effects to patients. Promising results for the usefulness of an ACC inhibitor include the finding that ACC2 -/- mice (mice with no expression of ACC2) have continuous fatty acid oxidation, reduced body fat mass, and reduced body weight despite an increase in food consumption. ACC2 -/- mice are also protected from diabetes. It should be noted that a lack of ACC1 in mutant mice is lethal already at the embryonic stage. However, it is unknown whether drugs targeting ACCs in humans must be specific for ACC2. An allosteric inhibitor of ACC has been granted fast-track status for the treatment of NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis). </doc> <doc id="2339267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339267" title="Teri DeSario"> Teri DeSario Teri Lynn DeSario (born November 27, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter from Miami, Florida. DeSario worked within several music genres out of high school. She was vocalist, played recorder and harp from 1970–1977 with a Medieval and Renaissance music group, the Early Music Consort, headed by scholar and Pro Musica member Arnold Grayson. She began her career as a singer/songwriter in the folk genre and later expanded her love of folk music with her passion for jazz. After marrying horn player, arranger, and composer Bill Purse, they founded a pop-folk-jazz collaborative called Abacus. One night a long-haired man walked into the club where she was performing, claiming to be the producer of the Bee Gees; it turned out he actually was. Barry Gibb heard her demo of original music and was so inspired by DeSario's vocals that he wrote a song for her called "Ain't Nothing Gonna Keep Me from You" and helped her obtain a recording contract. "Ain't Nothing Gonna Keep Me from You" from 1978 was DeSario's first hit single, written by Barry Gibb from her first album "Pleasure Train", also released in 1978. Even though the first single from her debut, "Pleasure Train", made #43 on the U.S. pop charts, she hadn't really enjoyed the recording experience and wanted a new direction. It was then that she bumped into an old school mate she had as a teen, Harry Wayne Casey (KC) of KC and the Sunshine Band. In the U.S., DeSario is mainly known for her duet with KC, lead singer of the R&B and funk group KC and the Sunshine Band of the Barbara Mason cover, "Yes, I'm Ready" from 1980 (#2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and certified gold, Adult Contemporary #1 for 2 weeks) from her second album "Moonlight Madness", released in 1979. Follow-up singles (album title track) "Moonlight Madness" and a remake of "Dancin' in the Streets" charted but didn't make the "Billboard" Top 40. By the end of 1980, her hit "Yes, I'm Ready" granted herself one-hit wonder status, with the disco-era making an exit, even though her duet with KC was a pop-fused remake of a slow-dancing ballad. She went on to record two more albums for Casablanca, "Caught", an album which reflected her situation with the record company, and "Relationships", which was shelved when the company itself changed directions. She recorded two contemporary Christian albums for Word Records, "A Call to us All" and "Voices in the Wind", which were co-written with and produced by Bill Purse. In 1986, she was nominated for a Grammy in the gospel category for Best Female Performance. She also wrote for and appeared on various artists' albums. During the same period, her music was popular in Japan and the Philippines. DeSario's music became more introspective and increasingly challenged conservative Christianity. Finally in 1986, she requested that she be released from her contract at Word Records. In 1989, DeSario also performed/recorded a version of "Lifeline" with The Maranatha! Singers on a compilation CD for Maranatha! Music. DeSario took her talents to production for Emergence on 1993's "Laughing Medusa Theme Series, Vol. 1" release. DeSario was credited as executive producer, producer and vocalist and husband Bill took on the roles of synthesizer, piano, arranger, keyboards, vocals, producer, engineer, editing, executive producer and mixing. DeSario would also provide vocals on Chris Carter and Mark Snow's 1996 album "Truth & Light: Music from The X-Files". In 2012, Gold Legion.com digitally remastered "Pleasure Train" and released it on CD. Though it does not contain bonus tracks of the 12 inch dance versions, it also comes with a 12-page booklet with liner notes that detail the story of this album as told by the producers involved in the album. DeSario shares her life in Germany and Miami and from time to time she sings with The Marschfellows in Germany. She is also part of Christian music groups and performs with them. In the late 1970s/early 1980s, DeSario made three TV appearances including "American Bandstand" with Captain and Tennille and KC (December 29, 1979), "The Midnight Special" with Tom Jones (February 8, 1980) and on "Solid Gold" hosted by the Pointer Sisters (January 17, 1981). In each episode, she played herself. </doc> <doc id="2339269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339269" title="Caelius Aurelianus"> Caelius Aurelianus Caelius Aurelianus of Sicca in Numidia was a Roman physician and writer on medical topics. He is best known for his translation from Greek to Latin of a work by Soranus of Ephesus, "On Acute and Chronic Diseases". He probably flourished in the 5th century, although some place him two or even three centuries earlier. In favour of the later date is the nature of his Latin, which shows a strong tendency to the Romance, and the similarity of his language to that of Cassius Felix, also an African medical writer, who about 450 wrote a short treatise, chiefly based on Galen. We possess a translation by Aurelianus of two works of Soranus of Ephesus (2nd century), the chief representative of the methodic school of medicine, on chronic and acute maladies—"Tardae" or "Chronicae Passiones", in five, and "Celeres" or "Acutae Passiones" in three books. The translation, which is especially valuable since the original has been lost, shows that Soranus possessed considerable practical skill in the diagnosis of both ordinary and exceptional diseases. It is also important in that it contains numerous references to the methods of earlier medical authorities. We also possess considerable fragments of his "Medicinales Responsiones", also adapted from Soranus, a general treatise on medicine in the form of questions and answers; it deals with rules of health ("salutaria praecepta") and the pathology of internal diseases (ed. Rose, "Anecdota Graeca et Latina", ii., 1870). Where it is possible to compare Aurelianus's translation with the original—as in a fragment of his "Gynaecia" with Soranus's ""—it is found that it is literal, but abridged. There is apparently no manuscript of the treatises in existence. In his texts, Aurelianus writes about the 2nd century Greek physician Apollonius Glaucus, author of several works on internal diseases. Aurelianus quotes a passage on the subject of lumbrici. </doc> <doc id="2339270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339270" title="Always Running"> Always Running Always Running: La Vida Loca, Gang Days in L.A. is a 1993 autobiographical book by Mexican-American author Luis J. Rodriguez. In the story of the book, Rodriguez recounts his days as a member of a street gang in Los Angeles (specifically, East Los Angeles and the city's eastern suburbs), has been highly acclaimed and contrasted to the works of Louis-Ferdinand Celine and George Orwell's "Down and Out in Paris and London" in its description of the lives of desperate, impoverished individuals in big cities. </doc> <doc id="2339272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339272" title="American Film Foundation"> American Film Foundation The American Film Foundation is an award-winning production company based in Southern California. The foundation is headed by Terry Sanders and Freida Lee Mock who have combined to create more than 60 documentary and feature films. They have won multiple awards for films like "", "A Time Out of War" and "". Both Sanders and Mock have dedicated the mission of their foundation to the production of films that honor the arts, humanities, and sciences. </doc> <doc id="2339273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339273" title="Best available technology"> Best available technology In pollution abatement, the best available technology (or BAT) is the technology approved for limiting pollutant discharges with regard to an abatement strategy. Similar terms are "best available techniques", "best practicable means" or "best practicable environmental option". BAT is a moving target on practices, since developing societal values and advancing techniques may change what is currently regarded as "reasonably achievable", "best practicable" and "best available". A literal understanding will connect it with a "spare no expense" doctrine which prescribes the acquisition of the best state of the art technology available, without regard for traditional cost-benefit analysis. In practical use, the cost aspect is also taken into account. [See also discussions on the topic of the precautionary principle which, along with considerations of "best available technologies" and "cost-benefit analyses", is also involved in discussions leading to formulation of environmental policies and regulations (or opposition to same).] "Best practicable means" was used for the first time in UK national primary legislation in section 5 of the Salmon Fishery Act 1861 and another early use was found in the Alkali Act Amendment Act 1874, but before that appeared in the Leeds Act of 1848. The "BAT" concept was first time used in the 1992 OSPAR Convention for the protection of the marine environment of the North-East Atlantic for all types of industrial installations (for instance, chemical plants). Some doctrine deem it already acquired the status of customary law. In the United States, BAT or similar terminology is used in the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act. "Best available techniques not entailing excessive costs (BATNEEC)", sometimes referred to as "best available technology", was introduced in 1984 with Directive 84/360/EEC and applied to air pollution emissions from large industrial installations. In 1996, Directive 84/360/EEC was superseded by the Integrated pollution prevention and control directive (IPPC), 96/61/EC, which applied the framework concept of "Best Available Techniques" (BAT) to the integrated control of pollution to the three media air, water and soil. The concept is also part of the directive's recast in 2008 (2008/1/EC) and its successor directive, the Industrial Emissions Directive 2010/75/EU published in 2010. According to article 15(2) of the Industrial Emissions Directive, emission limit values and the equivalent parameters and technical measures in permits shall be based on the best available techniques, without prescribing the use of any technique or specific technology. The directive includes a definition of best available techniques in article 3(10): "best available techniques" means the most effective and advanced stage in the development of activities and their methods of operation which indicates the practical suitability of particular techniques for providing the basis for emission limit values and other permit conditions designed to prevent and, where that is not practicable, to reduce emissions and the impact on the environment as a whole: BAT for a given industrial sector are described in BAT reference documents (BREFs) as defined in article 3(11) of the Industrial Emissions Directive. BREFs are the result of an exchange of information between European Union Member States, the industries concerned, non-governmental organisations promoting environmental protection and the European Commission pursuant to article 13 of the directive. This exchange of information is often called the Sevilla process because it is steered by the Institute for Prospective Technological Studies of the European Commissions' Joint Research Centre, which is based in Seville. The process is described in detail in Commission Implementing Decision 2012/119/EU. The most important chapter of the BREFs, the BAT conclusions, are published as implementing decisions of the European Commission in the Official Journal of the European Union. According to article 14(3) of the Industrial Emissions Directive, the BAT conclusions shall be the reference for setting permit conditions of large industrial installations. The Clean Air Act requires that certain facilities employ Best Available Control Technology to control emissions. The Clean Water Act (CWA) requires issuance of national industrial wastewater discharge regulations (called "effluent guidelines"), which are based on BAT and several related standards. In the development of the effluent standards, the BAT concept is a "model" technology rather than a specific regulatory requirement. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) identifies a particular model technology for an industry, and then writes a regulatory performance standard based on the model. The performance standard is typically expressed as a numeric effluent limit measured at the discharge point. The industrial facility may use any technology that meets the performance standard. A related CWA provision for cooling water intake structures requires standards based on "best technology available." The concept of BAT is also used in a number of international conventions such as the Minamata Convention on Mercury, the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, or the OSPAR Convention for the protection of the marine environment of the North-East Atlantic. </doc> <doc id="2339276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339276" title="James William Guercio"> James William Guercio James William Guercio (born July 18, 1945) is an American music producer, musician and songwriter. He is well known for his work as the producer of Chicago's early albums as well as early recordings of The Buckinghams and Blood, Sweat & Tears. He has worked briefly in the motion picture industry as a producer and director. In the mid 1970s, Guercio managed the Beach Boys and was a member of their backing band. Guercio moved to Los Angeles in the mid-1960s and began working as a session musician and songwriter. He played on several recordings, wrote Chad and Jeremy's 1966 Top 30 pop hit "Distant Shores", and is listed as a "contributor" to Frank Zappa's 1966 debut album "Freak Out!" (he was briefly a member of the Mothers of Invention prior to the album's recording). Hired by Columbia Records as a staff producer, Guercio began working with the Buckinghams and helped them create four big 1967 hits including two Top Tens — "Don't You Care" and "Mercy, Mercy, Mercy" — and two singles which peaked immediately outside the Top Ten: "Hey Baby (They're Playing Our Song)" and "Susan". During his college years in Chicago, Guercio had become friends with a saxophonist named Walter Parazaider. Parazaider invited Guercio to hear his new band, "The Big Thing", and Guercio offered to manage and produce them. He relocated the band to Los Angeles in 1968, convinced them to change their name to "The Chicago Transit Authority", and arranged for them to appear in local clubs where they quickly became popular. While recording their first album for CBS/Columbia, Guercio was also approached about producing a second album for Blood, Sweat & Tears. Both of these highly successful albums were released in 1969, and "Blood, Sweat & Tears" won Guercio an Album of the Year Grammy Award. In 1969, Guercio shortened the band's name to Chicago and worked with them on a second album, "Chicago II". Both this album and the original "The Chicago Transit Authority" featured long recordings which were moderately popular on FM stations, but when Guercio edited several tracks down to a radio-friendly 3-minute length—including single versions of "Make Me Smile", "25 or 6 to 4", and "Beginnings"—Chicago became a huge commercial success. Guercio would ultimately produce eleven albums for the band (including five straight number 1 pop albums, starting with "Chicago V") and 17 Top 25 singles. The "Chicago X" album yielded the band's first number 1 single, "If You Leave Me Now", which also earned two Grammy Awards (best pop performance for the band, and best arrangement for Guercio). However, Guercio and the band members found themselves increasingly at odds over creative decisions, tour schedules, and finances, and they parted ways soon after completing "Chicago XI" in late 1977. Guercio's attention was not only on the big-time artists. In 1969 he encountered street poet and musician Moondog, going on to produce two albums with the eccentric character; on the second he performed vocals with Moondog and the artist's daughter. Guercio produced the Firesign Theatre's single "Station Break", which was released in November 1969 (and later appeared on the "Forward into The Past" anthology), and in April 1970, Guercio produced the "Shoes for Industry" segment of their classic LP "Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me the Pliers". In addition, both "Dwarf" and Firesign's earlier "How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All" were labelled with "Poseidon Productions: A Division of James William Guercio Enterprises Inc." He joined The Beach Boys in the mid-1970s, serving as a bass player in live shows and manager before returning to solely working with Chicago. In 1978, Guercio split with Chicago, as a result of the discovery that his contract paid him 51% of profits, with the other 49% going to the other six members of Chicago, who split it evenly. Upon discovery of the inequity, band members decided that it was time for a change. In the CNN Biography: "Now More Than Ever:The History of Chicago", the groups' discontent with Guercio was revealed, indicating that "millions of dollars" had gone to Guercio, under his tenure as band manager. Guercio became interested in motion picture production, and he was given the opportunity to produce and direct the 1973 film "Electra Glide in Blue"; he also wrote and produced the film's musical soundtrack. The film starred Robert Blake and featured Peter Cetera and other members of Chicago in bit parts. Although the film was well received by critics and has subsequently become a cult classic, it saw only modest commercial success. Guercio produced one other Robert Blake film, "Second-Hand Hearts", which was released in 1981. Guercio is an alumnus of DePaul University. Guercio was the founder of Caribou Ranch, a popular recording studio in Colorado's Rocky Mountains. The first true radio hit recorded at Caribou was Joe Walsh's "Rocky Mountain Way". In addition to Chicago (starting with "Chicago VI"), the studio has been used by numerous other artists: Elton John (for his "Caribou" album as well as "Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy" and "Rock of the Westies"), Dan Fogelberg, Billy Joel, Rod Stewart, Carole King, Stephen Stills, Waylon Jennings, Amy Grant, Supertramp, Badfinger and The Beach Boys. Unfortunately, the studio complex was shut down and never used again after a March 1985 fire destroyed the control room and caused about $3 million in damage. In 1978, the Caribou Ranch lent its name to a pro soccer team, the Colorado Caribous of the North American Soccer League. Co-owned by Guercio and future Washington state governor Booth Gardner, the Caribous were not a success on or off the field: they finished in last place, drew poor crowds at Mile High Stadium, and wore uniforms that many observers thought made the team into a laughingstock (brown and tan, with a strip of leather fringe across the chest). Guercio and Booth sold the club, after the 1978 season, to interests in Atlanta who renamed them the Atlanta Chiefs. After the split-up with Chicago and the Caribou Ranch fire, Guercio became disenchanted with the recording industry and shifted gears, pursuing a successful career in large-scale cattle ranching, property development, and oil and gas exploration, drilling and production, particularly coalbed methane wells. In the late 1980s, Guercio purchased the Country Music Television (CMT) channel. In one of his more well-publicized transactions, in the early 1990s he sold CMT to media tycoon Ed Gaylord and Westinghouse Broadcasting. </doc> <doc id="2339287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339287" title="Peter St Clair-Erskine, 7th Earl of Rosslyn"> Peter St Clair-Erskine, 7th Earl of Rosslyn Peter St Clair-Erskine, 7th Earl of Rosslyn, (born 31 March 1958) is a former Metropolitan Police Commander, in which he used the professional name Peter Loughborough (from the subsidiary title, Lord Loughborough, which he bore as heir to the earldom prior to his succession in 1977). The Earl's lands include the world-famous Rosslyn Chapel. Rosslyn was educated at Eton College and the University of Bristol. He inherited his peerages in 1977 and was one of 92 hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords following the House of Lords Act 1999. He sits as a crossbencher. Rosslyn, known professionally as Peter Loughborough, joined the Metropolitan Police Service in 1980 on the recommendation of his third cousin Lord Strathnaver, a former detective and heir apparent of Elizabeth Sutherland, 24th Countess of Sutherland. He reached the rank of chief inspector in the 1990s. In 1994 he led the undercover Operation Troodos, a successful crackdown on drug dealers in west London, including the drug supplier of the Marquess of Blandford, later Duke of Marlborough. From 2003-2014, he was head of the Royalty and Diplomatic Protection Department (since amalgamated into Protection Command). He received the Queen's Police Medal in the 2009 New Year Honours and was reputedly the Queen's "favourite policeman". In March 2014, Rosslyn was appointed as Master of the Household to the Prince of Wales, and the Duchess of Cornwall at Clarence House. On 29 September 2014, Lord Rosslyn was appointed a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) upon relinquishing his appointment as Head of Royalty and Specialist Protection Department. He married Helen Watters in 1982 and they have two sons and two daughters. </doc> <doc id="2339297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339297" title="Frederick F. Houser"> Frederick F. Houser Frederick Francis Houser (April 11, 1905 – December 25, 1989) was a California politician and judge. A Republican, he served as 34th Lieutenant Governor of California under governor Earl Warren between 1943 and 1947. Houser was born in Los Angeles, California on November 14, 1904, the son of California Court of Appeals Justice Frederick W. Houser and Sara Wilde, both of whom were active participants in the early years of what is now the USC Gould School of Law. Houser was raised in Alhambra, California, and graduated from the University of Southern California at Los Angeles in 1926. He taught government at Harvard University while attending Harvard Law School from 1926 to 1929, and he graduated with an LL.B. Houser was admitted to the bar in 1930, and practiced law until 1946. Houser was UCLA's student body president from 1925 to 1926, served as president of the UCLA alumni association 1933–1935, and won the school's Edward A. Dickson Alumnus of the Year Award in 1948. From 1926 to 1940, Houser was a member of the Los Angeles County Republican Central Committee. From 1930 to 1940, he served on the California Republican State Central Committee. He served in the California State Assembly from 1931–33 and again from 1939-1943. Houser was an unsuccessful Republican candidate for the United States House of Representatives in 1932, 1934, and 1936. In 1942, Houser was elected lieutenant governor. He served until 1947, and was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate in 1944, losing narrowly to incumbent Sheridan Downey. After leaving the lieutenant governor's office, Houser was appointed as a judge of the California Superior Court. He served from 1947 until retiring in 1966. In retirement, Houser was a resident of Laguna Beach, California. He died in Laguna Beach on December 25, 1989. In 1925, Houser married Dorothy Eleanor Bodinus, a fellow UCLA student. She died in 1996, and they had no children. </doc> <doc id="2339299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339299" title="Vladimir (name)"> Vladimir (name) Vladimir (, , ) is a male Slavic given name of Church Slavonic and Old Slavic origin, now widespread throughout all Slavic nations (in different spellings). The Old Russian form of the name is Володимѣръ "Volodiměr", the Old Church Slavonic one "Vladiměr". According to Max Vasmer, the name is composed of Slavic владь "vladĭ" "power" and "*mēri" "great" (related to Gothic element "mērs", "-mir", c.f. Theode"mir", Vala"mir"). The modern (pre-1918) Russian forms Владимиръ and Владиміръ are based on the Church Slavonic one, with the replacement of мѣръ by миръ or міръ being due to a folk etymological association with миръ "peace" or міръ "world". The post-1918 reformed spelling Владимир drops the final -ъ, but the (unetymological) spelling -миръ or -міръ predates the orthographic reform, indicating the folk etymological interpretation of the name as "world owner" or "peace owner". The Germanic equivalent, Waldemar, is traced to Valdemar I of Denmark (1131 – 1182) named after his Russian maternal grandfather, Vladimir II Monomakh. The Germanic name is reflected in Latvian Voldemārs and Finnic (Finnish and Estonian) "Voldemar". An early record of this name was the name of Vladimir-Rasate (died 893), ruler of Bulgaria. Vladimir-Rasate was the second Bulgarian ruler following the Christianization of Bulgaria and the introduction of Old South Slavic as the language of church and state. The name of his pre-Christian dynastic predecessor, khan "Malamir" (r. 831–836), sometimes claimed as the first Bulgarian ruler with a Slavic name, already exhibits the (presumably Gothic) "-mir" suffix. The early occurrence of the name in the East Slavic culture comes with Volodimer Sviatoslavich (Old East Slavic: Володимѣръ Свѧтославичь, "Vladimir the Great"), first Grand Prince of Kiev (r. 980–1015). Three successors of Vladimir the Great shared his given name: Vladimir II Monomakh (1053–1125), Vladimir III Mstislavich (1132–1173) and Vladimir IV Rurikovich (1187–1239). The town Volodymyr-Volynskyi in north-western Ukraine was founded by Vladimir and is named after him. The foundation of another town, Vladimir in Russia, is usually attributed to Vladimir Monomakh. However some researchers argue that it was also founded by Vladimir the Great. The veneration of Vladimir the Great as a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church gave rise to the replacement of the East Slavic form of his name with the Old Church Slavonic (Old Bulgarian) one. The immense importance of Vladimir the Great as national and religious founder resulted in "Vladimir" becoming one of the most frequently-given Russian names. The Slavic name survives in two traditions, the Old Church Slavonic one using the vocalism "Vladi-" and the Old East Slavic one in the vocalism "Volodi-". The Old Church Slavonic form "Vladimir" (Владимир) is used in Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Montenegrin and Macedonian, borrowed into Slovenian, Croatian "Vladimir", Czech and Slovak "Vladimír". The "polnoglasie" "-olo-" of Old East Slavic form "Volodiměr" (Володимѣръ) persists in the Ukrainian form Володимир "Volodymyr". Historical diminutive forms: Vladimirko (Russian), Volodymyrko (Ukrainian). In Belarusian the name is spelled "Uladzimir (Uładzimir, Уладзімір)" or "Uladzimier (Uładzimier, Уладзімер)". In Polish, the name is spelled "Włodzimierz." In Russian, shortened and endeared versions of the name are Volodya (and variants with diminutive suffixes]: Volodka, Volodyen'ka, etc.), Vova (and diminituves: Vovka, Vovochka, etc.), Vovchik, Vovan. In West and South Slavic countries, other short versions are used: e.g., Vladi, Vlado, Vladko, Vlatko, Vlajko, Vladik, Wladik, Wladek, Wlodik and Wlodek. </doc> <doc id="2339300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339300" title="Silvered antbird"> Silvered antbird The silvered antbird ("Sclateria naevia") is a passerine bird in the antbird family, the only member of the genus "Sclateria". It is a resident breeder in tropical South America from Colombia and Trinidad south to Peru, Bolivia and central Brazil. This is a skulking terrestrial bird of wet shaded areas, such as in undergrowth or under overhanging vegetation near streams, lagoons or swamps. It is usually found in pairs, foraging on the ground for small insects and other arthropods taken from leaf litter or the water’s surface. The silvered antbird is typically 15 cm long, and weighs 20 g. The adult male of the nominate northern form "S. n. naevia" has dark grey upperparts and dusky wings with two rows of white spots. The underparts are white, extensively and broadly streaked with grey. The female has dark brown upperparts, with buff wing spots and extensively grey-streaked underparts. Males of the distinctive Amazonian subspecies "S. n. argentata" have the flanks and upper chest grey-white with grey mottling, and the females have white central underparts with rufous sides to the head, neck and body. The silvered antbird has a loud "pi-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi" call, often the first indication of its presence in its difficult habitat. </doc> <doc id="2339308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339308" title="Wrestling Superstars Live"> Wrestling Superstars Live Wrestling Superstars - Live! was a governing body for a group of independent professional wrestling promotions and sanctioned various championships. It was founded in 1996 by Dale Gagne and Jonnie Stewart. In 1996, Dale Gagne and his associate Jonnie Stewart, former American Wrestling Association (AWA) employees, began using the AWA name in the state of Minnesota with the authorization from the Minnesota Secretary of State and formed an organization known as AWA Superstars of Wrestling. They began the organization as a continuation of the American Wrestling Association, which closed in 1991. By 2005, the organization began to franchise the AWA Superstars of Wrestling name, selling memberships to existing independent promotions around the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and Japan. Several members of AWA Superstars of Wrestling were former members of the National Wrestling Alliance. In 2007, most of the memberships were terminated by Dale Gagne. Gagne and Stewart then began co-promoting shows with a small number of regional promoters instead. On April 26, 2007 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) filed a lawsuit against Dale Gagne, citing trademark infringement, as WWE owned some American Wrestling Association properties due to their purchase after the AWA's closure. In a move to sidestep WWE, Jonnie Stewart, with the help of a Chicago-based copyright law firm, attempted to trademark the name "American Wrestling Alliance" instead. However, The United States Patent and Trademark Office later indicated that the request was abandoned in February 2008. On October 29, 2008, a settlement was reached between Gagne and WWE. The court ruling prohibits Gagne from certain uses of the AWA name or any other derivatives. As a result, the organization was renamed to Wrestling Superstars Live. In a press release sent out October 30, 2007, the organization announced that it will no longer sanction independent territories. Gagne and Stewart noted that each of the remaining territories would be individually assessed. When the organization was formed in 1996, Wrestling Superstars Live claimed the lineages and names of original American Wrestling Association Championships. However, following WWE's filed lawsuit against Gagne and Stewart, AWA Wrestling Superstars Live championship reigns are recognized from 1996 and forward. Wrestling Superstars Live had members in the United States, Canada, England and Australia. World Star Wrestling Ohio - Pennsylvania - Connecticut 1994 - 2018 ×"Luscious" Jonnie Valiant </doc> <doc id="2339332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339332" title="Litvak"> Litvak Litvak may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339335" title="Command &amp; Conquer: Renegade"> Command &amp; Conquer: Renegade Command & Conquer: Renegade is a first- and third-person shooter video game developed by Westwood Studios and is part of the "Command & Conquer" series. It is the only "Command & Conquer" game that uses the first-person view. It was released on February 27, 2002 by EA Games. "Renegade"s story takes place during the final days of the First Tiberium War originally depicted in "Command & Conquer". GDI's top three Tiberium research specialists have been abducted by the Brotherhood of Nod. The player assumes the role of GDI commando Captain Nick "Havoc" Parker, who is assigned to rescue these experts. He conducts missions which take him all over the world in various countries and climates, both indoor and outdoor, and his actions greatly affect the current state of the war. As the game progresses it is revealed that the specialists have been forced into biochemistry research for the Brotherhood's top secret "Project Re-Genesis", an attempt to create genetically enhanced super-soldiers with the aid of Tiberium. The game can be played as either a first-person or third-person shooter to the player's preference. The player wields multiple weapons, some of which have unique effectiveness on certain enemies, and has the ability to plant C4 charges on targets and set up beacons to launch an ion cannon beam. Weapons have both re-loadable magazines and extra ammo capacities. There are no melee weapons in the game, only a pistol with infinite ammo. The player is also able to drive and use the weapons of both GDI and Nod vehicles. Armour can be picked up to protect the player from damage. As the player plays through a mission, the in-game EVA, or Electronic Video Assistance, periodically updates with mission objectives. EVA logs and updates all objectives and their current status. Objectives consist of destruction of structures, locating bases and such like. Objectives are categorized into three categories: primary, secondary and tertiary. The completion of primary objectives are crucial for that mission's success. Secondary objectives are not required for mission completion and may not assist much in game play, but will affect the final "rank" at the end of each mission. Tertiary objectives, which are usually hidden, do not affect the final ranking at all, but may assist in game play (e.g. disabling an Obelisk of Light). Data Discs can be collected to update the mission map. The multiplayer element of this game takes the form of 'Command and Conquer Mode', in which players are divided into the two teams: GDI and Nod. Each team starts with its own base; team members can independently purchase vehicles and advanced character classes to destroy the enemy base and defend their own base. A match is won when one team destroys the other's base or when one team has more points than the other when the time limit expires. Damaging and destroying enemy units and structures earns points. Some servers allow the 'endgame beacon' option that causes a side to immediately win if that side's 'superweapon' beacon is successfully planted and detonated on a 'beacon pedestal' in the other side's base. Gameplay is a combination of FPS and RTS elements, since team members receive money from Tiberium harvesting and must purchase their own individual equipment. The game engine, called the "Renegade engine" or "Westwood 3D", was developed in-house by Westwood. It is designed to support real world physics and allow seamless movement from indoor to outdoor environments. The "Westwood 3D" engine was re-used as the base of the SAGE video game engine used in "", "", "", and "". When the game missed its shipping date, Westwood made a comedic video titled Havoc Takes on Westwood, in which Havoc, the game's main character and hero, goes to Westwood Studios to make sure the game doesn't miss its shipping date again. Even after the video was made, the shipping date was missed once again. The game originally featured a different commando (Logan Shephard), looking much more akin to the original "Command & Conquer" unit and was much less action-oriented than its final incarnation. Also, Nod troopers looked more like their "Command & Conquer" equivalent, donning professional urban camouflage uniforms rather than red jumpsuits easily distinguishable on the battlefield. "Renegade" was re-released in at least two EA Classics boxes (one including Comanche 4 as a bonus, and the other including Freedom Force) sometime after its initial release and was included in two "Command & Conquer" compilations: "The Command & Conquer Collection", and "Command & Conquer Collected". In February 2006, "Renegade" was shipped in the compilation, "" along with 11 other "Command & Conquer" titles on a two DVD set. The bonus DVD contains slightly less than an hour's worth of content involving all the games included. The game DVD of "Command & Conquer: The First Decade, Renegade" included its latest patch (1.037) by default, has a sanctioned No-CD application on it, plus the CD components such as the movie files are now installed into its folder. "Renegade", along with a few other titles had problems with its registry entry in the compilation's initial release, which has been since fixed in the 1.02 patch. While Westwood originally intended to make a sequel to "Renegade" set in the late "Red Alert" universe (known only as "Renegade 2"), the project was canceled before any official announcements were made. Concept art depicting "Red Alert" styled structures and vehicles can be found online, as well as a test level depicting a Soviet refinery. Active fan projects received permission from EA to release in a stand-alone fashion. This event marks a notable shift in public relations strategy for Electronic Arts, which has often been portrayed in a negative light in terms of community support and has never made such a gesture regarding its intellectual property before. "Renegade" is the only game in the series for which official expansion packs were never released. However, a software development kit (SDK) was released by Westwood Studios so that users could add their own content to the game. The studio also released a number of high-resolution models to the mod-making community, including some from the "" games, particularly the second. Many fan sites have been established to celebrate the game and allow players to download new maps and custom expansion packs. In July 2006, EA Games released a software development kit (SDK) that catered for 3DS Max software for "Command & Conquer: Generals" and "The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-Earth" games. Although "Renegade" used the same basic game engine as these other two games series, it was not made compatible to this new SDK. However, members from the Red Alert: A Path Beyond community modified and re-released it to be compatible with "Renegade" after informing EA. An updated version was officially released, but lacked the ability to properly enable collision settings on the 3D meshes used by the game. A PlayStation 2 version was in development, however it was cancelled. Nearly every unit and most of the structures featured in the original "Command & Conquer" has been re-created in the game, although with aesthetic changes. New characters include various mutants, GDI elite commandos known as the "Dead Six" and Nod elites such as the Black hand, Sakura, and Mendoza. Some of the game's missions seem to be based on some GDI missions in "Command & Conquer", such as the one in which Dr. Mobius is abducted by Nod and the player is charged with rescuing him, and the final mission in Renegade inspired by the assault on Kane's Sarajevo headquarters. In the final "Renegade" mission, set in the Temple of Nod, certain rooms are recognizable as those from "Command & Conquer's" Nod mission briefings. In the 11th mission of the game, a downed alien ship is present near the power plant and construction yard. It is extremely similar in color and build to ""s Scrin. The outside is blue while the inside maintains a dark green, also very similar to Scrin units. The ship itself might be a reference to the unknown derelict craft seen in the final GDI mission in Command & Conquer, which is considered by many to be the first appearance of Scrin in the series' history. Both crafts were downed and close to a heavily defended Temple of Nod. "Renegade X" is a standalone game created by an independent volunteer development studio, Totem Arts. The studio released the open beta, freeware version of the game on February 26, 2014. Totem Arts continues to release updates and additions for "Renegade X". In the United States, "Renegade" sold 250,000 copies and earned $7.8 million by August 2006, after its release in February 2002. It was the country's 79th best-selling computer game between January 2000 and August 2006. "Command & Conquer: Renegade" received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Greg Kasavin of GameSpot said, "The game does have some noticeable problems, though C&C fans may find themselves having too much fun to care", however, he also criticizes the game, stating "Westwood has never made a shooter before, and you can tell." IGN's Steve Butts commented on the game's repetitiveness, writing, "I guess I wanted something a lot less scripted and a lot less cramped from the single player game...As it is, it's a lot like running through a hall until you get to a building, clearing the building and then running through a hallway until you get to the next building." Furthermore, he criticizes the AI, saying "More than just about anything else it's the dreadful AI that ruins the potential enjoyment of the game. Enemies possess very little sophistication and their main tactic seems to consist of running right towards you trying to empty their ammo clips as fast as possible." "Renegade" was praised for its online play. The Gamers' Temple wrote, "[...]Westwood continues their tradition of excellent multiplayer support with Renegade." </doc> <doc id="2339351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339351" title="Portative organ"> Portative organ A portative organ (portatif organ, portativ organ, or simply portative, portatif, or portativ) (from the Latin verb "portare", "to carry"), also known during Italian Trecento as the "organetto", is a small pipe organ that consists of one rank of flue pipes, sometimes arranged in two rows, to be played while strapped to the performer at a right angle. The performer manipulates the bellows with one hand and fingers the keys with the other. The portative organ lacks a reservoir to retain a supply of wind, thus it will only produce sound while the bellows are being operated. The instrument was commonly used in European secular music from the twelfth to the sixteenth centuries. The portative is constructed simply in order to make it as portable as possible. The pipes are arranged on a small rectangular windchest and supplied with wind by one or two bellows placed at the back, or under the instrument. The row of pipes is supported by posts at either end and an oblique bar. The earlier style of keyboard on the portative consists of one button for each pipe. When a button is pushed in, the corresponding pipe sounds. The button is restored to its normal position by a horn spring. Renaissance instruments use keyboards similar to renaissance harpsichords. In principle, the portative is a smaller instrument than the positive organ, which features more ranks of pipes and a larger keyboard. The portative also should not be confused with the regal, a small keyboard instrument that contains a rank of short-length reed pipes instead of flue pipes. In practice, however, since the "Orgelbewegung" revival of small organs, also small positives with a bass register and played with both hands have come to be called portatives, especially when their pipe arrangement or general layout resembles that of the genuine portative. One of the most well-known modern proponents of that kind of 'large portative' organ was Dolly Collins, who accompanied her vocalist sister Shirley Collins on many albums of traditional English folk songs. Towards the middle of the thirteenth century, miniatures of illuminated manuscripts depict portatives with modern, balanced-action keyboards. An example can be seen in the Spanish manuscript known as the Cantigas de Santa Maria, which contains fifty-one miniatures of instrumentalists. It is evident from the position of the organist's thumb in these miniatures that the keys are pressed down to make the notes sound. There are nine pipes and nine keys, which is sufficient for a C-major diatonic scale of one octave with an added B-flat. These medieval portative organs, so extensively used during the 14th and 15th centuries, were revivals of those used by the Romans, of which a specimen excavated at Pompeii in 1876 is preserved in the Museo Archeologico Nazionale Napoli. The case measures 14½ inches (36.8 cm) by 9⅓ inches (23.7 cm) and contains nine pipes, of which the longest measures only 9¾ inches (24.8 cm); six of the pipes have oblong holes at a short distance from the top similar to those made in "gamba" pipes of modern organs to give them their reedy quality, and also to those cut in the bamboo pipes of the Chinese sheng, which is a mouth organ furnished with free reeds. From the description of these remains by C. F. Abdy Williams, it would seem that a bronze plate 11½ inches (29.2 cm) by 2¾ inches (7.0 cm) having 18 rectangular slits arranged in three rows to form vandykes was found inside the case, with three little plates of bronze just wide enough to pass through the slits lying by it; this plate possibly formed part of the mechanism for the sliders of the keys. The small instrument is often taken for a syrinx on a contorniate medallion of Sallust in the Cabinet Impérial de France in Paris may be meant for a miniature portative. </doc> <doc id="2339364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339364" title="Aliya Rama Raya"> Aliya Rama Raya Rama Raya (1485?? – January 23, 1565 CE), popularly known as "Aliya" Rama Raya, was the progenitor of the Aravidu dynasty of Vijayanagar Empire. This dynasty, the fourth and last to hold sway over the Vijayanagara Empire, is often not counted as a ruling dynasty of that empire, for reasons delineated below. Rama Raya patronised the Sanskrit scholar Rama Amatya. He reigned from 1543 to 1565. "Aliya" Rama Raya and his younger brother Tirumala Deva Raya were sons-in-law of the great Vijayanagara emperor Krishna Deva Raya. The word "Aliya" means "son-in-law" in the Kannada language. Along with another brother Venkatadri, the Aravidu brothers rose to prominence during the rule of Krishna Deva Raya. Rama Raya was a successful army general, able administerator, and tactful diplomat who conducted many victorious campaigns during the rule of Krishnadevaraya. After the demise of his illustrious father-in-law, as a member of the family, Rama Raya, began to wield great influence over the affairs of the state. Krishna Deva Raya was succeeded in 1529 by his younger brother Achyuta Deva Raya, upon whose demise in 1542, the throne devolved upon his nephew Sadashiva Raya, then a minor. Rama Raya appointed himself regent during the minority of Sadashiva Raya. After Sadashiva Raya came of age to rule, Rama Raya kept him a virtual prisoner. During this time he became virtual ruler, having confined Sadashiva Raya. Rama Raya removed many loyal servants of the kingdom and replaced them with officers who were loyal to him. He also appointed two Muslim commanders, the Gilani brothers who were earlier in the service of the Sultan Adil Shah as commanders in his army, a mistake that would cost the empire the final Battle of Talikota. Rama Raya lacked royal blood of his own and to legitimize his rule he claimed vicarious connection with two of the most powerful Empires of medieval India, the Western Chalukya Empire and the Chola empire. During his rule, the Deccan Sultanates were constantly involved in internal fights and requested Rama Raya on more than one occasion to act as a mediator, enabling Rama Raya to push north of the Krishna river and expand his domains utilizing the disunity of the Deccan Sultans. He also suppressed revolts of the chieftains of Travancore and Chandragiri. Some scholars have criticised Rama Raya for interfering in the affairs of the Sultans too much, but scholars like Dr. P.B. Desai have ably defended his political affairs, indicating that Rama Raya did whatever he could to increase the prestige and importance of the Vijayanagar empire, ensuring no single Sultanate would rise above the others in power, hence preventing a difficult situation for Vijayanagar empire. In fact Rama Raya had interfered in Sultanate affairs only upon the insistence of one Sultan or the other, just the way the Sultans had acted as parelys between Rama Raya and Achyuta Raya in earlier years. When the Nizam of Ahmednagar and Qutbshah of Golconda sought Rama Raya's help against Bijapur, Rama Raya secured the Raichur doab for his benefactors. Later in 1549 when the Adilshah of Bijapur and Baridshah of Bidar declared war on Nizamshah of Ahmednagar, Ramaraya fought on behalf of the Ahamednagar ruler and secured the fort of Kalyana. In 1557 Ramaraya allied himself with Ali Adilshah of Bijapur and Baridshah of Bidar when the Sultan of Bijapur invaded Ahmednagar. The combined armies of the three kingdoms defeated the partnership between Nizamshah of Ahmednagar and the Qutbshah of Golconda. The Vijayanagar ruler's constantly changing sides to improve his own position eventually prompted the Sultanates to form an alliance. Intermarriage between Sultanate families helped resolve internal differences between Muslim rulers. The Battle of Talikota resulted from this consolidation of Muslim power in the northern Deccan. Rama Raya remained loyal to the legitimate dynasty until it was finally extinguished by war. In 1565, it was Rama Raya, as the pre-eminent general of the Vijayanagar army, who led the defense against the invading army of Deccan Sultans (i.e. Husain Nizam Shah, Ali Adil Shah and Ibrahim Qutb Shah) in the battle of Talikota. This battle, which had seemed an easy victory for the large Vijayanagar army, instead became a disaster following the surprise capture and death of Aliya Rama Raya who led the army, a blow from which it never recovered. The city of Vijayanagara was thoroughly sacked by the invaders and the inhabitants were massacred. The royal family was largely exterminated. Vijayanagara, once a city of fabled splendour, the seat of a vast empire, became a desolate ruin, now known by the name of a sacred inner suburb within it, Hampi. His severed head was on display at Ahmednagar at the anniversary of the battle of Talikota and would be covered in oil and red pigment by the descendant of his executioner. In the wake of this disaster, Rama Raya was killed in the battlefield and his brother Tirumala Deva Raya fled from the battle to Vijayanagar. He carried the major portion of the wealth of the Empire along with the puppet king Sadashiva Raya to Penugonda and tried to re-establish order in the empire. Later he shifted his capital to Chandragiri. With the massacre of nearly all other prominent members of the royal family, and given the prestige that Rama Raya had long enjoyed at court and among the nobility, it soon came to pass that his family inherited by default the position held hitherto by the royal family. Thus was the ""Aravidu"" dynasty of emperors born. The position of emperor however was an empty one, as the Vijayanagara Empire had "de facto" ceased to exist. The major feudatories of Vijayanagara, such as Mysore and Madurai, Keladi Nayaka, soon began to exert their independence in the period of anarchy that followed the rout of 1565, while various Muslim adventurers carved out their own fiefs under the nominal suzerainty of the Muslim overlords, being at first the Bahmani Sultans and later the Mughals. While the later "Aravidu" dynasty rulers never actually wielded power over the erstwhile empire, they nevertheless enjoyed immense prestige in the land, and often received homage from the great satraps of the empire. They were always treated with much honour and ceremony even by major rulers, such as the Kings of Mysore and Madurai. Even to this day, the "Raya of Anegundi" who belongs to the "Aravidu" dynasty enjoys honour among the princes of India. </doc> <doc id="2339372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339372" title="People's Republic of Bulgaria"> People's Republic of Bulgaria The People's Republic of Bulgaria (PRB; "Narodna republika Bǎlgariya (NRB)") was the official name of Bulgaria when it was a socialist republic. The People's Republic of Bulgaria existed from 1946 to 1990 and it was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP), which in turn ruled together with its coalition partner, the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union. Bulgaria was part of Comecon and a member of the Warsaw Pact and was closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War. The Bulgarian resistance movement during World War II deposed the Kingdom of Bulgaria administration in the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 which ended the country's alliance with the Axis powers and led to the People's Republic in 1946. The BCP modelled its policies after those of the Soviet Union, transforming the country over the course of a decade from an agrarian peasant society into an industrialized socialist society. In the mid 1950s and after the death of Stalin, conservative hardliners lost influence and a period of social liberalization and stability followed under Todor Zhivkov. Varying degrees of conservative or liberal influence followed. After a new energy and transportation infrastructure was constructed, by 1960 manufacturing became the dominant sector of the economy and Bulgaria became a major exporter of household goods and later on computer technologies, earning it the nickname of "Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc". The country's relatively high productivity levels and high scores on social development rankings made it a model for other socialist countries' administrative policies. In 1989, after a few years of liberal influence, political reforms were initiated and Todor Zhivkov, who had served as head of the party since 1954, was removed from office in a BCP congress. In 1990, under the leadership of Georgi Parvanov the BCP changed its name to the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) and adopted a centre-left political ideology in place of Marxism–Leninism. Following the BSP victory in the 1990 election, which was the first openly contested multi-party election since 1931, the name of the state was changed to the Republic of Bulgaria. Geographically, the People's Republic of Bulgaria had the same borders as present-day Bulgaria and it bordered the Black Sea to the east; Romania to the north; Yugoslavia (via Serbia and Macedonia) to the west and Greece and Turkey to the south. On 1 March 1941, Bulgaria signed the Tripartite Pact, and officially became a member of the Axis Powers. As a result of the German invasion of Yugoslavia and Greece in April, Bulgaria came to occupy large parts of these countries. In 1942, the Fatherland Front was formed from a mixture of Communists, Socialists and Liberals. In 1944, with the entry of the Red Army in Romania, the Kingdom of Bulgaria changed its alliance and declared neutrality. On 5 September, the Soviet Union declared war on the kingdom and three days later the Red Army entered north-eastern Bulgaria, prompting the government to declare support in order to minimise military conflict. On 9 September, communist partisans launched a coup d'état which "de facto" ended the rule of the Bulgarian monarchy and its administration, after which a new government assumed power led by the Fatherland Front (FF), which itself was led by the Bulgarian Communist Party. After taking power, the FF formed a coalition under the former ruler Kimon Georgiev, including the Social Democrats and the Agrarians. Under the terms of the peace settlement, Bulgaria was allowed to keep Southern Dobruja, but formally renounced all claims to Greek and Yugoslav territory. 150,000 Bulgarians settled during the occupation were expelled from Western Thrace. The Communists deliberately took a minor role in the new government at first, while the Soviet representatives held the real power. A Communist-controlled People's Militia was set up, which harassed and intimidated non-Communist parties. On 1 February 1945, Regent Prince Kiril, former Prime Minister Bogdan Filov, and hundreds of other officials of the old regime were arrested on charges of war crimes. By June, Kirill and the other Regents, twenty-two former ministers, and many others had been executed. The new government began to arrest Nazi collaborators. As the war came to a halt, the government expanded its campaign of political revolution to attack economic elites in banking and private business. This strengthened when it became apparent that the United States and United Kingdom had little interest in Bulgaria. In November 1945, Communist Party leader Georgi Dimitrov returned to Bulgaria after 22 years in exile. He made a truculent speech that rejected cooperation with opposition groups. Elections held a few weeks later resulted in a large majority for the Fatherland Front. In September 1946, the monarchy was abolished by plebiscite, which resulted in 95.6 percent voting in favour of a republic, and young Tsar Simeon II was sent into exile. The Communists openly took power, and Bulgaria was declared a "People's Republic". Vasil Kolarov, the number-three man in the party, became President. Over the next year, the Communists consolidated their hold on power. Elections for a constituent assembly in October 1946 gave the Communists a majority. A month later, Dimitrov became prime minister. The Agrarians refused to co-operate with the new regime, and in June 1947 their leader Nikola Petkov was arrested. Despite strong international protests he was executed in September. This marked the establishment of a Communist regime in Bulgaria. In December 1947, the constituent assembly ratified a new constitution for the republic, referred to as the "Dimitrov Constitution". The constitution was drafted with the help of Soviet jurists using the 1936 Soviet Constitution as a model. By 1948, the remaining opposition parties were either realigned or dissolved; the Social Democrats merged with the Communists, while the Agrarian Union became a loyal partner of the Communists. During 1948–1949, Orthodox, Muslim, Protestant and Roman Catholic religious organizations were restrained or banned. The Orthodox Church of Bulgaria continued functioning but never regained the influence it held under the monarchy; many high roles within the church were assumed by communist functionaries. Dimitrov died in 1949 and for a time Bulgaria adopted collective leadership. Vulko Chervenkov led the Communist Party and Vasil Kolarov was prime minister. This broke down a year later, when Kolarov died and Chervenkov added prime minister to his titles. Chervenkov started a process of rapid industrialization modelled after the Soviet industrialisation led by Stalin in the 1930s. Agriculture was collectivised by mandate and refusal to comply was punishable by imprisonment. Labor camps were set up and at the height of the campaign housed about 100,000 people. Thousands of people were charged with treason or participating in counter-revolutionary conspiracy and sentenced to either death or life in prison. Chervenkov's support base even in the Communist Party was too narrow for him to survive long once his patron Stalin was gone. In March 1954, a year after Stalin's death, Chervenkov was deposed as Party Secretary with the approval of the new leadership in Moscow and replaced by Todor Zhivkov. Chervenkov stayed on as Prime Minister until April 1956, when he was finally dismissed and replaced by Anton Yugov. The highest estimate for the number of partisans at any one time in Bulgaria is 18,000. Stalin ordered the following to the Bulgarian delegation: The government used force, threats and intimidation, branding opponents of the policy as fascists and chauvinists. Some were resettled as far as Vojvodina after they had been resettled from Pirin to SR Macedonia for unsuccessful Macedonisation. Bulgaria adopted the Communist policy of closer rapprochement with Yugoslavia. Then Dimitrov, initiated the idea of a Balkan Federation that would range from Pirin to the Shar Mountains and reflect a Macedonian consciousness. For this purpose, he launched a policy of forced Macedonisation of the Bulgarian population in the Pirin region through conscious change of ethnic self-determination, held by means of administrative coercion and intensive propaganda. In December 1946, he conducted a census in Pirin. State authorities instructed the local population in the Pirin region to mark administrative records such as "Macedonian", including Pomaks, with the exception of those originating within the country. At its meeting on December 21, the Regional Committee of the Workers' Party in Upper Cuma decided to accept a formula indicating 70% of residents were "Macedonians". As a result, among the 281,015 inhabitants, 169,444 were identified as ethnic Macedonians. In 1947 Bulgaria and Yugoslavia signed agreements whereby Pirin Macedonia became part of federal Yugoslavia, which proceeded to unify Pirin Macedonia with Vardar Macedonia and abolished visa regimes and removed customs services. Shortly thereafter - in 1948, due to the rupture in relations between Tito and Stalin, the contract was dissolved. For a while BCP and the Bulgarian state held contradictory, protivobalgarska policy on the Macedonian issue. In 1963 at the March Plenum of the Central Committee of the Communist Party, Zhivkov declared that the population in Pirin Macedonia was part of Bulgaria that was forced by the Communist Party. Zhivkov became the leader of the BCP and remained for the following 33 years. The BCP retained its alliance with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU), then led by Nikita Khrushchev. With conservative hardliners pushed aside, this brought in a period of liberal influence and reform. Relations were restored with Yugoslavia, which had previously been shunned by the Soviet Union due to its anti-Stalinist stance, and Greece. The trials and executions of Traicho Kostov and other "Titoists" (though not of Nikola Petkov and other non-Communist victims of the 1947 purges) were officially denounced. The party's militant anti-clericalism was relaxed and the Orthodox Church was no longer targeted. Upheavals in Poland and Hungary in 1956 did not spread to Bulgaria. The Party placed firm restrictions on publicising views considered to be anti-socialist or seditious. In the 1960s some economic reforms were adopted, which allowed the free sale of production that exceeded planned amounts. The country became the most popular tourist destination for people in the Eastern Bloc. Bulgaria produced commodities such as cigarettes and chocolate, which were hard to obtain in other socialist countries. Yugov retired in 1962, and Zhivkov consequently became Prime Minister as well as Party Secretary. He survived the Soviet leadership transition from Khrushchev to Brezhnev in 1964. In 1960, when Bulgaria could not pay its debts of $97 million to Western banks, Zhivkov personally addressed a written proposal to Khrushchev asking the USSR to purchase reserves gained over 66 years - from liberation in 1878 to 1944, including 22 tons of gold and 50 tons of silver. The gold was taken to Novosibirsk, where it was further refined and purchased for $35.10 per ounce, a total of 23 million dollars. In 2009, the value of that gold would be $639 million. In subsequent years Zhivkov conducted several secret operations with gold. Between 1960 and 1964 he sold 31.8 tons, using the proceeds to repay Bulgaria's debts mainly to Soviet banks. On 4 December 1963, Zhivkov proposed closer approximation and future merger of Bulgaria and the Soviet Union at the Central Committee plenum. This would make it the 16th Republic of the Soviet Union. The plenum unanimously approved Zhivkov's proposal. In 1968 Zhivkov again demonstrated his loyalty to the Soviet Union by taking a formal part in the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. His troops entered the country but did not take an active part in crushing the Prague Spring. At this point Bulgaria became generally regarded as the Soviet Union's most loyal Eastern European ally. The operation involved the 12th and 22nd Infantry Regiments numbering 2,164 people and a T-34 tank battalion with 26 machines. Declassified documents of the Communist Bulgaria revealed a plan to foment crisis between Turkey and Greece in 1971. The operation codenamed "Cross" and the plan was that Bulgarian secret agents would set fire on the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople and make it look like the work of Turks. The declassified documents state that “An intervention” in the religious entity would have “significantly damage[d] Turkish-Greek relations and force[d] the United States to choose one side in the ensuing crisis,”. In addition, the Bulgarians also planned to boost the effect of its operation against Greece and Turkey by conducting “active measures" “for putting the enemy in a position of delusion." The plan was developed by the 7th Department of the First Main Directorate of the DS (intelligence and secret police services of communist Bulgaria), and was affirmed by Deputy Head of the Directorate on November 16, 1970, and approved by its Head. The operation was supposed to be prepared by the middle of 1971 and then executed, but it was abandoned. In 1971 the new "Zhivkovskata" Constitution added so-called. "Article 1", which grants the PA as the sole ruling a "leading force of society and the state." Zhivkov was promoted to Head of State (Chairman of the State Council) and Stanko Todorov became Prime Minister. Bulgaria signed the Helsinki Accords in 1975, which guaranteed human rights and fundamental freedoms, including freedom of movement, contacts, information, culture and education, right to work, and the rights to education and medical care. However, subsequent events regarding Bulgarian Turks in the 1980s were a direct violation of these commitments. In 1978, Bulgaria attracted international attention when dissident writer Georgi Markov was accosted on a London street by a stranger who rammed his leg with the tip of an umbrella. Markov died shortly afterwards of ricin poisoning. He was the victim of the Bulgarian secret service, as confirmed by KGB documents revealing that they had jointly planned the operation with Bulgaria. The Bulgarian People's Army sided with the Soviet Union and the Afghan communists during the Soviet–Afghan War in Afghanistan fighting the jihadist guerrillas from 1982 until its withdrawal in 1989. By the 1980s, the conservatives controlled the government. Some social and cultural liberalization and progress was led by Lyudmila Zhivkova, Todor's daughter, who became a source of strong disapproval and annoyance to the Communist Party due to her unorthodox lifestyle that included the practicing of Eastern religions. She died in 1981, approaching her 39th birthday. A campaign of forced assimilation against the ethnic Turkish minority, who were forbidden to speak the Turkish language and were forced to adopt Bulgarian names took place in the winter of 1984. The issue strained Bulgaria's economic relations with the West. The 1989 expulsion of Turks from Bulgaria caused a significant drop in agricultural production in the southern regions due to the loss of around 300,000 workers. In the late 1980s, the Communists, like their leader, had grown too feeble to resist the demand for change. Liberal outcry at the breakup of an environmental demonstration in Sofia in October 1989 broadened into a general campaign for political reform. More moderate elements in the Communist leadership reacted by deposing Zhivkov and replacing him with foreign minister Petar Mladenov on November 10, 1989. This move gained a short respite for the Communist Party and prevented revolutionary change. Mladenov promised to open up the regime, stating that he supported multi-party elections. Demonstrations throughout the country led Mladenov to announce that the Communist Party would cede its monopoly over the political system. On January 15, 1990, the National Assembly formally amended the legal code to abolish the Communist Party's "leading role". In June 1990, the first multi-party elections since 1939 were held. Finally on 15 November 1990, the 7th Grand National Assembly voted to change the country's name to the Republic of Bulgaria and removed the Communist state emblem from the national flag. It is estimated that between 50,000 and 100,000 people were killed in Bulgaria beginning in 1944 as part of agricultural collectivisation and political repression, although documentation is insufficient for a definitive judgement. According to one source, some 31,000 people were reported killed under the regime between 1944 and 1989. Figures for fatalities in forced labour camps also remain elusive. A 2009 poll conducted by the Pew Global Attitudes Project found that one-in-nine Bulgarians believe ordinary people are better off as a result of the transition to capitalism. Sixteen percent say the multi-party republic is run for the benefit of all people. The People's Republic of Bulgaria was a one-party Communist state. The Bulgarian Communist Party created an extensive nomenklatura on each organizational level. The constitution was changed several times, with the Zhivkov Constitution lasting the longest. According to article 1, "The People's Republic of Bulgaria is a socialist state, headed by the working people of the village and the city. The leading force in society and politics is the Bulgarian Communist Party". The PRB functioned as a one-party people's republic, with People's Committees representing local governance. Their role was to exercise Party decisions in their respective areas and to otherwise defer to popular opinion in decision-making. In the late 1980s, the BCP had an estimated peak of 1,000,000 members—more than 10% of the population. In 1946, the military rapidly adopted a Soviet military doctrine and organization. The country received large amounts of Soviet weaponry, and eventually established a domestic military vehicle production capability. By the year 1988, the Bulgarian People's Army ("Българска народна армия") numbered 152,000 men, serving in four different branches - Land Forces, Navy, Air and Air Defense Forces, and Missile Forces. The BPA operated an impressive amount of equipment for the country's size - 3,000 tanks, 2,000 armored vehicles, 2,500 large caliber artillery systems, over 500 combat aircraft, 33 combat vessels, as well as 67 Scud missile launchers, 24 SS-23 launchers and dozens of FROG-7 artillery rocket launchers. The PRB adopted a centrally planned economy, similar to those in other COMECON states. In the mid-1940s, when collectivisation began, Bulgaria was a primarily agrarian state, with some 80% of its population located in rural areas. Production facilities of all sectors were rapidly nationalised. Chervenkov finally ended all private economic activity. Bulgarian agriculture productivity increased rapidly after collectivisation. Large-scale mechanisation resulted in an immense growth in labour productivity. Government subsidies covered the large losses from the artificially low consumer prices. Chervenkov's Stalinist policy led to a massive industrialisation and development of the energy sector, which remained one of Bulgaria's most advanced economic sectors. His rule lasted from 1950 to 1956, and saw the construction of dozens of dams and hydroelectric powerplants, chemical works, the Elatsite gold and copper mine and many others. The war-time coupon system was abolished, and healthcare and education were government provided. All this was achieved with strict government control and organization. Labor came from prisoner brigades and the Bulgarian Brigadier Movement - a youth labor movement where young people worked on construction projects. Bulgaria was involved in computer construction, which earned it the nickname "Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc." Bulgarian engineers developed the first Bulgarian computer, the "Vitosha", as well as the Pravetz computers. Bulgaria is currently the only Balkan Country to operate a supercomputer, an IBM Blue Gene/P. In the 1960s, Zhivkov introduced reforms that had a positive effect on the country's economy. He put emphasis on light industry, agriculture, tourism, as well as on Information Technology in the 1970s and the 1980s. Surplus agricultural production could be sold freely, prices were lowered even more, and new equipment for light industrial production was imported. Bulgaria became the first Communist country to purchase a license from Coca-Cola in 1965. Despite relative stability, the economy shared the same drawbacks of other countries from Eastern Europe - it traded almost entirely with the Soviet Union (more than 60%) and planners did not take into account whether there were markets for the goods produced. This resulted in surpluses of certain products, while other commodities were in deficit. The other main trade partners were East Germany and Czechoslovakia, while countries such as Mongolia and various African countries were also large-scale importers of Bulgarian goods. The country enjoyed good trade relations with various non-Communist countries, most notably West Germany and Italy. In order to combat the low quality of many goods, a comprehensive State standard system was introduced in 1970, which included strict quality requirements for all sorts of products, machines and buildings. PRB had an average GDP per capita for an Eastern Bloc country. Average purchasing power was one of the lowest in the Eastern Bloc, mostly due to the larger availability of commodities than in other socialist countries. Workers employed abroad often received higher payments, thus could afford a wider range of goods to purchase. According to official figures, in 1988 100 out of 100 households had a television set, 95 out of 100 had a radio, 96 out of 100 had a refrigerator and 40 out of 100 had an automobile. Since 1965, Renault and Fiat chose Bulgaria to site their factories to make automobiles for sale in the Eastern Bloc partnership. Culture in PRB was strictly regulated by the government, although there were some periods of liberalization (meaning entrance in Bulgaria of Western literature, music, etc.). The thaw in intellectual life had continued from 1951 until the middle of the decade. Chervenkov's resignation and the literary and cultural flowering in the Soviet Union created expectations that the process would continue, but the Hungarian revolution of fall 1956 ended the experiment. Chervenkov was appointed minister of education and culture. In 1957 and 1958 he purged the leadership of the Bulgarian Writers' Union and dismissed liberal journalists and editors from their positions. His crackdowns effectively ended the "Bulgarian thaw" of independent writers and artists inspired by Khrushchev's 1956 speech against Stalinism. </doc> <doc id="2339383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339383" title="Yagua language"> Yagua language The Yagua language is spoken primarily in northeastern Peru by the Yagua people. As of 2005, it appears that a few speakers may have migrated across the Peruvian-Colombian border near the town of Leticia. A third of the population is monolingual, and Yagua is the language of instruction in local primary schools. The exonym is spelled "Yagua, Yawa, Yahua, Llagua, Yava, Yegua". They also go by "Nijyamïï Nikyejaada". The Yagua language is a branch of the Peba–Yaguan language family. By the end of the 20th century, there were about 6,000 speakers of the language. At that time, a majority of Yagua individuals were bilingual in both Spanish and the Yagua language. A few distant communities were still largely monolingual, and children were learning the language, though in at least some communities there was parental pressure on children to just speak Spanish. Some ethnic Yaguas are monolingual in Spanish. There is some degree of semilingualism among certain Yagua women who are culturally assimilated into the main Peruvian culture, not having native-like command of either Spanish or Yagua. They contrast with three other groups of Yagua: 1) older women who are fluent Yagua speakers with some degree of Spanish, 2) unassimilated monolingual Yaguas, and 3) men, who all speak Yagua with varying degrees of Spanish fluency. These young women are primarily addressed in Yagua, but respond in a simplified Spanish. Yagua has 6 vowels and 11 consonants, as shown in the chart below. (Orthographic symbols in bold, IPA values in square brackets.) The language has either tone or a complex pitch-accent system, but this has never been adequately described. The language is highly agglutinative, such that most words consist of multiple morphemes, and a single word may contain more than one root. Most Yagua sentences begin with the verb, followed by the subject and object in that order (VSO). It is a "double object" language, with no known syntactic differences between the two objects of verbs like 'give', for example, or applied objects. The language has numerous postpositions (and no prepositions, which is generally unexpected for VSO languages). There are over 40 noun classifiers, and essentially no "adjectives". Nouns are modified either by nouns, by classifiers, or by other suffixes. Yagua uses adjective-like nouns as adjectives. The problem then occurs in a sentence like "the red hen", which would be more like "the red one, the hen". Both "the red one" and "the hen" could be the head of the noun phrase. This is solved by determining which of the two nouns persists in the following discourse. If "the red one" persists, then "red" is the head; if "the hen" persists, then "hen" is the head. The order of elements is sensitive to determining the head. The language is documented in various works by Paul Powlison, Esther Powlison, Doris L. Payne, and Thomas E. Payne. Yagua has a quinary (base 5) counting system. Different numbers are used for inanimate objects/counting and animate objects (see measure word). </doc> <doc id="2339390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339390" title="Freida Lee Mock"> Freida Lee Mock Freida Lee Mock is an American filmmaker, director, screenwriter and producer. She is a co-founder of the American Film Foundation with Terry Sanders. Her documentary, "" (1994) won an Academy Award for Best Feature Documentary in 1995. Mock directed a documentary "Anita", about Anita Hill, which will premiere at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival. She has directed the documentaries "G-Dog" (2012), "Sing China!" (2009), "Wrestling With Angels" (2006) (which screened again on the TV show P.O.V. in 2007) a documentary feature about playwright Tony Kushner, "Bird by Bird with Anne" (1999) (which screened again on the PBS TV show Independent Lens in 2003) about author Anne Lamott, "Return with Honor" (1998) (which screened again on the TV show "The American Experience" in 2000), "" (1994), and the documentary shorts "Lt. Watada" (2011), "Sing!" (2001) (about a Los Angeles community children's choir and which was also an Academy Award nominee for Best Documentary Short Film in 2002), and various episodes of the TV show "" in 1982, including episodes on the screenwriters Robert Towne, Carl Foreman, Neil Simon, Eleanor Perry, Paul Mazursky and William Goldman, all done in 1982 (the series was also a prime-time Emmy Award nominee for Best Series). Also, she directed a documentary called Anita. This film shows the life of Anita Hill and what she went through when dealing with sexual harassment allegations against Clarence Thomas Mock's production credits include many of the documentaries she directed, such as "", "Sing!", "Bird by Bird with Annie", "Wrestling With Angels", "G-Dog", "Lt. Watada", "Sing China!" and "Return with Honor," which was also presented by Tom Hanks. Early in her career, Mock produced episodes of the TV show "National Geographic Specials" and "Untamed Frontier". She has also produced the documentaries "" (Academy Award nominee for Best Documentary Short in 1991), "To Live or Let Die" (Academy Award nominee for Best Documentary Short), and "" about Vienna-born composer and musician Herbert Zipper that was also an Academy Award nominee for Best Documentary Short in 1996. She also produced the documentaries "Lillian Gish: The Actor's Life for Me" (which won a prime-time Emmy Award for Outstanding Information Special in 1989). Mock produced "The Kennedy Center Honors" biographies, which honors individuals for lifetime achievement in the performing arts -- Frank Sinatra, James Stewart, Katherine Dunham, Virgil Thomson, Elia Kazan and others (the series was also a Prime-time Emmy Award Winner for Best Variety Special). Mock recently produced the documentary "Enterprising Women", celebrating two and a half centuries of entrepreneurial women in America. Mock has received an Academy Award (for her film ""), five Academy Award nominations (for films she either directed or produced), two prime-time Emmy Awards, and three prime-time Emmy Award nominations. The award was mired in controversy as "Hoop Dreams" was passed over because several documentary filmmakers conspired to leave it off of the nomination ballot. Mock is the recipient of grants from organizations such as the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the American Film Institute, Women in Film, the Robeson Fund and numerous foundations in support of her film projects. Mock is the Chair of the Documentary Executive Committee and was the first Governor of the Documentary Branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. She received her bachelor's degree from the University of California, Berkeley, where she studied both History and Law. </doc> <doc id="2339398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339398" title="Dabas"> Dabas Dabas may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339413" title="Warmington, Warwickshire"> Warmington, Warwickshire Warmington is a village and civil parish in the Stratford-on-Avon district of Warwickshire, England. It is located on the border with Oxfordshire, around 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Banbury. The civil parish had, according to the 2001 Census a population of 297 increasing to 304 at the 2011 Census. The parish also includes Arlescote and the council is called Warmington & Arlescote. The National Herb Centre is found just outside the village. Warmington is on the northern side of Edge Hill, a prominent local ridge. Its church is one of six that make up the Edgehill group, along with those of nearby Radway, Ratley and Shotteswell. The village is also regarded as being part of the informal area of Banburyshire. The M40 motorway passes just to the north and east of Warmington. Before the motorway was built, the village lay on the A41 road. </doc> <doc id="2339414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339414" title="David Kang"> David Kang David Kang (born 1970) is an Australian barrister. In 1994, he fired two blank shots of a starting pistol at Charles, Prince of Wales in protest of the treatment of several hundred Cambodian asylum seekers held in detention camps in Australia. David Kang was born in Australia to Robert Kang, a former Republic of Korea Air Force helicopter pilot. At the time of the starting pistol incident, in 1994, Kang was an anthropology student at Macquarie University. Kang would later graduate with a Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Anthropology from the university. In 1994, aged 23, Kang fired two blank shots from a starting pistol at Charles, Prince of Wales, during an Australia Day speech at Tumbalong Park, Darling Harbour in Sydney on 26 January 1994. Kang jumped a small fence at the front of the stage and ran onto the stage, firing the first shot with his pistol as he rushed towards the Prince, who had just risen to approach the lectern on the stage. He was wrestled to the ground by police after crashing into the lectern as he fired the second shot. At least 15 people jumped onto the assailant, while another man shielded the Prince, who was removed from the stage. The Prince sustained no injuries and would next visit Sydney on 28 February 2005. One police officer received a cut hand while tackling Kang. The Prince's Senior Personal Protection Officer, Superintendent Colin Trimming, expressed admiration for the speed with which he rose to protect the Prince of Wales. The personal bravery of the Prince was also remarked upon by Ian Kiernan, saying that the prince was "cool as a cucumber". Others on the stage included Rear Admiral Peter Sinclair, AO (the Governor of New South Wales), John Fahey (the Premier of New South Wales), Frank Sartor (the Lord Mayor of Sydney), and Tony Lauer (the New South Wales Commissioner of Police). Kang had been the second person to attack a royal in Sydney, after Irishman Henry James O'Farrell. O'Farrell shot at Prince Alfred and was later hanged. At the time, Kang was mistakenly reported as being of Cambodian descent, and the incident sparked some debate about monarchism and republicanism in Australia. Kang was arrested and taken to Sydney Police Centre on Goulburn Street. On the following day, he appeared in court and, facing six charges, including two under the "Federal Crimes (Internationally Protected Persons) Act 1976" (Cth) (i.e., attacking an internationally protected person) and charges of illegally using a firearm, possessing a firearm, affray, and assault, was remanded in custody until 4 February 1994. If convicted on all counts, Kang could have received a 20-year sentence. In court, Kang testified that he was suffering from depression and was protesting the plight of Cambodian refugees in Australia. Kang had previously written letters to the Prince of Wales, the President of the United States, the United Nations, and the Pope, among others, and had received a form letter reply from the Prince. Kang was found guilty of threatening unlawful violence and sentenced to 500 hours of community service. 11 years after the event, Kang said of the incident, "What happened 11 years ago was an extremely traumatic experience and I have certainly moved on in my life and now I have become a barrister here in Sydney" and "I have certainly moved on in my life. But I didn't have any intention to hurt anyone". Following the incident, Kang earned a Master of Business Administration from the University of Technology, Sydney and a Bachelor of Laws with Honours from the University of Sydney Law School. Despite having been found guilty of a crime, the New South Wales Bar Association found that Kang was a "fit and proper person", with the President of the NSW Bar Association remarking that he had "served his time", admitting him as a barrister in 2004. Kang currently practises as a barrister, specialising in criminal law, commercial and corporations law, equity, and medical negligence, at Ada Evans Chambers in Sydney. Kang is married with two children. His interests, as listed on his chambers website, include tennis, soccer, and swimming. </doc> <doc id="2339420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339420" title="J-Game"> J-Game J-Game is the seventh studio album by Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai. It was released on 25 April 2005, by Sony BMG Taiwan. Brimming with hip-hop, oldschool and disco music, the album is filled with astounding tunes in different styles. The album was proved to be such a hit with audiences that it sold 1 million copies in just over a month. It has finally sold more than 2 million copies in Asia, with more than 260,000 copies in Taiwan alone, and became the best-selling album by a female artist of the year in Taiwan. The fourth track, "Sky", reached number 2 on the Hit FM Top 100 Singles of the Year. The title track, "J-Game", which is an up-tempo and playful song that listeners will get addicted to, reached number 26 on the chart. The album earned Tsai an MTV Asia Award nomination for Favorite Artist Taiwan. </doc> <doc id="2339421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339421" title="Noosa District State High School"> Noosa District State High School Noosa District State High School is a twin campus high school based in Cooroy and Pomona, Queensland. The school was established in 1963,noosa district has approximately 1376 students. It is the longest-established secondary school in Noosa area. The school has two campuses in Cooroy and Pomona. The Pomona Campus was originally the Cooroora Secondary College before the two schools merged. Years 7–8 are taught at the Pomona campus, while Years 9–12 are taught at the Cooroy campus. The school's motto is "Industria Vincit Omnia (Industry Conquers All)". The school offers certificates in Hospitality and Business Communication and Technology, Event Production, Media, Agriculture and each year, runs the Australian Business Week (ABW) program for its Year 11 students. The school has four sports houses – Cooroora, Eerwah, Pinbarren and Tinbeerwah. The houses are named after the mountain ranges in the school's area. The school's Principal is Chris Roff, who took up the role in 2012. The Deputy Principals at Cooroy are Stacey Daveson, Stacy Wilmore and Michael Devaney. At Pomona, the current Head of Campus is Michael Small, and the Deputy Principal is Scott Greinke. The hall on the Cooroy campus is the biggest in the Noosa area, and is used by many private companies such as dance studios, music schools, and other state schools. It has advanced lighting and audio systems with fifty static lighting channels and a total of twenty-nine audio channels with twenty Sends, five Receives, and two communication channels. The stage was designed to be used for large productions with its many lighting bars, numerous intelligent lights, and extra power circuits for the bigger shows. The hall can seat approximately one thousand people. The technical side of the hall is run by the senior live productions classes. Noosa District State High School was one of the first state schools in Queensland to get a fully functional recording studio. Funding was provided by the P&C. It has a vocal booth and radio room which broadcasts audio throughout the school during breaks as part of the Certificate II and III in Live Production, it is also capable of recording an 8 track band. The studio also produces videos using a green screen and chromakey and is used by students to prepare and present multimodal presentations for their class assessments in a range of subject areas including English, Sose/History, Science, Drama and Business. The studio was designed by Live Production students and Pete Gorman. Known as TARDIS, the studio also produces a Newscast which can be seen on the school website. The studio was named after a machine from the long-running science fiction television programme "Doctor Who". </doc> <doc id="2339440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339440" title="Tulu people"> Tulu people <br> The Tulu people or Tuluva people are an ethnic group of India. They are native speakers of the Tulu language and the region they traditionally inhabit is known as Tulu Nadu. This region comprises the districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi in Karnataka and the Kasaragod district of Kerala The Census report of 2011 reported a population of 1,846,427 native Tulu speakers living in India. The construction of a united Tulu cultural identity is relatively recent.Tulu speakers have been subsumed by a larger Kannada linguistic identity of the state of Karnataka. Tulu speakers are divided into various castes. The major Tulu speaking castes are Brahmins, Bunts, Billavas and Mogaveeras. There are also minor castes like Kulala, Devadiga, Ganiga, Gowda and Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. There is limited social interaction between these various Tulu speaking castes and intermarriages are rare. This led to each caste developing a distinct social dialect of Tulu. The hierarchical nature of caste lines has become diffused in urban areas but it still exists in rural areas. Tuluvas follow a matrilineal system of inheritance known as Aliyasantana, where inheritance is from uncle to nephew, except for Brahmins. Other distinctive features include the rituals of Yakshagana, Bhuta Kola, Nagaradhane Aati kalenja and Kambala. Tuluva New Year is called "Bisu parba", which falls on the same day as Baisakhi, Vishu and the Thai New Year. Tuluva Paddanas are sung narratives, which are part of several closely related singing traditions in Tulu language, Paddans are sung during occasions which describe the evolution of Tulu tribes and Tulu culture. From India's independence and following the reorganization of states, the Tuluvas have been demanding national language status for Tulu and a separate state for themselves called Tulu Nadu (Land of Tuluvas), based on their language and distinct culture. Though somewhat subdued for a while, this demand has grown stronger in recent years. Several organizations like the Tulu Rajya Horata Samiti have taken up the cause of the Tuluvas, and frequent meetings and demonstrations are held across towns in Tulunadu (such as Mangaluru and Udupi) to voice their demands. </doc> <doc id="2339449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339449" title="Nise"> Nise Nise may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339459" title="Yamatai (Cornell University)"> Yamatai (Cornell University) Yamatai is a student-run taiko drumming team at Cornell University. Based in Cornell's Lincoln Hall, they perform for several events on campus and in the northeast region of the United States. The name Yamatai comes from the Japanese word 邪馬台, named after the ancient kingdom. Yamatai is heavily influenced by Masataka Kobayashi and his professional taiko group, Bonten. Formerly an employee at a travel agency, Kobayashi opened a taiko class to the public in 1994. This would become the Mirai Taiko Dojo, an institution that still holds classes in Tokyo, Yokohama, and various other cities in the Kantō Plains. In 1999, Kobayashi established a professional drumming team with members of the Mirai Taiko Dojo. In August 2000, Bonten held their debut performance. Bonten’s repertoire consists of original pieces composed by Kobayashi. In 2006, Kobayashi visited Cornell to assist the newly established taiko group on campus. Kobayashi donated taiko drums, helped make bachi and stands, and taught a master class to the members. Yamatai dedicated their debut performance on April 1, 2007 to him. Kobayashi continues to assist Yamatai in both musical and organizational aspects. Yamatai was established in September 2006 as Cornell Taiko by an undergraduate, Haruki Yukawa. The group started with one drum, but acquired six more by the following semester with the help of Kobayashi, allowing them to hold their debut performance. In November 2007, the group premiered their own concert in Goldwin Smith Hall entitled "Yamatai: The Debut." A second concert, entitled "Hibiki: The Resonance," was held the following semester in Statler Hall in March 2008. During that year, Yamatai also performed at ECAASU 2008: ReMix, the Japan-U.S. Association's cultural show, and The Hangovers' spring concert in Sage Chapel. On March 6, 2009, Bonten came to perform in Bailey Hall. This show featured the founding members of Yamatai, and also served as the professional debut of then-musical director Eva Kestner as a member of Bonten. In April 2011, Yamatai held what would become the first in a series of annual, sold-out Spring concerts entitled "PULSE." Held in Bailey Hall, this concert featured a new piece by composer Cayenna Ponchione combining Western marimba and flute playing with taiko. Yamatai also collaborated with other student groups such as Cornell Lion Dance, Absolute Zero Breakdance Crew, and Cornell Chinese Music Ensemble for the first time. During the 2011 - 2012 year, Yamatai hosted former Kodo member Kaoru Watanabe to hold a taiko workshop. The sold out again Bailey Hall for "PULSE 2012," a concert that featured Japanese-American violinist Ryu Goto. This concert also featured a collaboration with Cornell Bhangra. From 2012 to 2018, Yamatai has further grown in membership and continues to sell out concerts at Bailey Hall. Yamatai has also performed for a full audience at Alice Tully Hall as guests at a Cornell alumni event. In the past, Yamatai held two annual concerts, one in the fall semester and one in the spring semester. As of 2011, Yamatai only holds one annual concert in the Spring, entitled "PULSE." Yamatai regularly engages big audiences at events both on and off campus. Venues have included Ithaca's Sciencenter, Binghamton University, and the Washington D.C.'s National Cherry Blossom Festival, as well as Alice Tully Hall in New York City. Yamatai organized the first annual East Coast Taiko Conference (ECTC) at Cornell University in February 2011. Over one hundred professional and collegiate taiko players were in attendance, including PJ Hirabayashi of San Jose Taiko, Alan and Merle Okada of Soh Daiko, Mark H. Rooney, and Stuart Paton of Burlington Taiko. ECTC has since been held at Wesleyan University in 2012 (as Eastern Taiko Conference), Brown University in 2013, and Skidmore College in 2014. The group's performances feature the kumi-daiko style popularized by Daihachi Oguchi in the 1950s. While most of Yamatai's current pieces were written by Kobayashi, Yamatai also performs arrangements of traditional pieces, such as Miyake and the Chichibu Yatai-bayashi. Many songs make use of shinobue and keyboard, as well as other instruments. </doc> <doc id="2339477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339477" title="Jeff Green (racing driver)"> Jeff Green (racing driver) Jeffrey Lynn Green (born September 6, 1962) is an American professional stock car racing driver. He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the Nos. 37, 38 and 93 Chevrolet Camaros for RSS Racing. Green's 1990 Nashville Speedway USA championship led to his first foray in NASCAR. For several years, he raced part-time in the Busch Series before thriving as a full-time driver in 1995 and 1996. He then went through a two-year Sprint Cup stint with Diamond Ridge Motorsports and Felix Sabates. Green returned to the Busch Series in 1999. In three seasons, he won the 2000 championship by 616 points, a series record which stood until 2006, and finished second twice. Green participated in IROC's 25th season in 2001, and has raced full-time with four different Sprint Cup teams since 2002. Green was born in Owensboro, Kentucky on September 6, 1962, as the youngest of three brothers; Mark and David Green would also become NASCAR drivers. He currently resides in Davidson, North Carolina with his wife Michelle. In 2002, he and Mark founded The Green Foundation, a non-profit charity assisting people with severe injuries and life-threatening illnesses. Green dominated the field to win the 1990 track championship at Nashville Speedway USA. In 22 races, he won 15 times and had only one finish below third. After the season, John Boatman approached Green about competing in the Autolite Platinum 200, a NASCAR Busch Series event taking place at Richmond International Raceway. Green would start 23rd and finish 22nd in the event, exceeding the team's goal of simply qualifying for the race. Green ran a limited schedule from 1991–1994, sporadically appearing in Busch Series races and making Cup starts for Sadler Brothers and Junior Johnson in 1994. He became a full-time driver in the Busch Series in 1995 for Dale Earnhardt, Inc., and after consecutive top-five finishes in the points standings, he made a pair of Cup races for DEI in 1996. At the end of the season, he signed to drive the unsponsored No. 8 Chevy for Diamond Ridge Motorsports, and won his first career race at Las Vegas. He later made 20 Winston Cup series starts in 1997 for the No. 29 Cartoon Network Chevrolet Monte Carlo, owned by Diamond Ridge, finishing just behind his brother David for Rookie of the Year honors. Green planned to race full-time for the team in 1998, but only raced in the No. 29 for three of the first six races. He was later released by Diamond Ridge, who suspended operations for the Winston Cup team in an effort to focus on the Busch Series. Green substituted a race for Derrike Cope, and later signed a contract to drive the No. 46 First Union/The Money Store Chevrolet, owned by Felix Sabates, for the rest of the year. Overall, he would race in 22 of 33 season events and finished 40th in points. Green turned his focus back to the Busch Series afterwards, finishing in the Top 2 in points for the next three years. He finished in second place, 280 points behind Dale Earnhardt Jr., in 1999 driving the No. 32 Kleenex-sponsored Chevy for Progressive Motorsports. It was his first full-time Busch series season since 1996. As his team became the No. 10 Nesquick/Nestlé-sponsored Chevy and was rebranded "ppc Racing" in 2000, Green became the heavy favorite to win the championship after Earnhardt and Matt Kenseth departed for the Winston Cup. After dueling with Todd Bodine for the points lead early in the season, Green pulled away with 14 consecutive top-10 finishes, a streak which included five wins. At the end of the year, Green had won the Busch Series championship by 616 points over ppc Racing teammate Jason Keller. This final victory margin was the largest in series history until 2006. Green set a series record for most top-fives in a season (25), and with David Green, the 1994 Busch Series champion, became the first brothers to both win NASCAR championships. After the 2000 season, Green was again a championship favorite in the 2001 season after switching to Ford. He eventually caught up to Harvick and, with a win in the Carquest Auto Parts 300, Green took a 14-point lead over Harvick fourteen races into the season. However, he would suffer a 29th and two 31st-place finishes in the next four races, crippling his chances in the points race as he fell to fourth-place, 302 points behind Harvick. Green finished 124 points behind Harvick and earned his second runner-up finish in three seasons. He had seven finishes outside the Top 20 compared to only two the previous season. In all, during his three-year full-time return to the Busch Series, Green had 13 wins and 72 Top 10s, both the most of any driver during that period, and averaged three top-tens in every four races. Later that season Green began driving for Richard Childress Racing part-time in the No. 30 America Online-sponsored Chevrolet in Winston Cup (oddly enough as a replacement for Harvick, who was supposed to drive this car before the death of Dale Earnhardt caused him to be promoted to Childress' Winston Cup team much earlier than planned). Green competed in eight races, winning one pole and scoring one top-10 finish. After the season, he left the Busch Series to drive for Childress full-time. In Green's first full Winston Cup season in 2002, he picked up four top-5 finishes, and six top-10s to finish 17th in points. One of these finishes which was his best career finish in the New England 300, finishing second to race winner Ward Burton. The runner-up finish brought him up to 18th in the points standings, and Green stayed in the top-twenty for the rest of the year. Green began 2003 by winning the pole for the Daytona 500 and had a 7th-place finish at Texas Motor Speedway, but otherwise failed to finish higher than 20th and crashed twice. After an incident with teammate Harvick at Richmond, Richard Childress Racing fired Green on May 5. Two days later, he was picked up by DEI to drive the No. 1 Pennzoil-sponsored Chevrolet, replacing Steve Park, who was hired by Childress to drive the No. 30. Green fared no better than 16th in 12 races and was replaced by John Andretti. He was also replaced in the road-course races by Ron Fellows. In reaction, Green said he was not given the opportunity to improve the situation. After missing three events, Green drove the No. 43 Cheerios/Betty Crocker-sponsored Dodge Intrepid for Petty Enterprises in the Dover 400 after the original driver, Christian Fittipaldi, had a commitment to drive the No. 44 in four races. After driving the Dodge again in the EA Sports 500 the next week, he became the driver for the rest of the season on a race-to-race basis. Green's best finish with the team was 16th at Dover International Speedway; team owner Richard Petty expressed anticipation that the team could work well together after a few months. Green finished 34th in the points standings, and was signed to drive full-time for the team for the next season. Green had four Top 15 finishes in 2004 (including a seventh-place finish in the Subway 500) and he would fail to finish in 11 races, the most DNF's in one season of his career; five were caused by engine failures while the other six were caused by crashes. The eventual 30th-place finish in the standings remains the lowest result for Green in a full-time season. He would continue to struggle in 2005. He failed to finish in the Top 10 the entire year, with his best finish being 11th in the Coca-Cola 600. Green's 29th-place finish allowed Petty Enterprises to announce on November 11, 2005 that Bobby Labonte would replace him following the season's end. Green signed with Haas CNC Racing and became the successor of Mike Bliss in the No. 66 Best Buy-sponsored Chevrolet, which had been changed from No. 0 to celebrate the sponsor's 40th anniversary. His new crew chief was Robert "Bootie" Barker, who had been subject to rumors of replacement before the 2006 season. In the Daytona 500, Green crashed midway through the race when Dale Jarrett clipped the right-rear of his car; Green would call this "stupid" and a "rookie" move. He rebounded from the 42nd-place finish in the next nine races, finishing no lower than 26th and rising to 21st in points. After finishing four laps down at Darlington, he recovered from a pit zone infraction penalty at Lowe's Motor Speedway and finished 12th. Green's best race came at the UAW Ford 500 at Talladega Superspeedway, in which he finished seventh after starting 35th, breaking a 70-race streak without a top-10. After another top-10 finish at Martinsville Speedway, he ended the season 28th in the points standings. Green returned to Haas in 2007, and had three sixth-place finishes but was released with four races to go in the season. In 2008, he attempted four Cup races with Wood Brothers Racing and Front Row Motorsports respectively, but did not qualify for any of those races. He did qualify for three races in the Nationwide Series in the No. 31 Key Motorsports Chevy with a best finish of 28th, and ran eight races with their No. 40 truck team. His best finish was a seventh at Las Vegas. In 2009, Green continued his part-time schedule in the Nationwide Series, running for Day Racing, MSRP Motorsports, MacDonald Motorsports and Key. His best finish was 21st at Nashville Superspeedway. As the 2010 NASCAR season began Green had a ride in the Nationwide Series for the Camping World 300 at Daytona for Wayne Day's 05 car. Green also drove at Talladega finishing 16th and at Nashville finishing 24th for Key Motorsports. He later ran a handful of Cup Series races for Latitude 43 Motorsports and Gunselman Motorsports with a best finish of 24th. Green also started and parked Tri Star's No. 36 in the Nationwide Series. Green started and parked for TriStar Motorsports in 2011. In his lone Sprint Cup Start of the season, he finished 43rd in the debut of the Front Row Motorsports No. 55 at New Hampshire International Speedway. Green began the 2012 Nationwide Series schedule year driving the year in the new No. 10 for TriStar, but after an injury to Eric McClure after the 2012 Talladega race, Green was named interim driver of the No. 14. Green finished 19th in his first relief start at Darlington, but finished 32nd at Iowa and Lowe's due to a crash and an engine failure respectively. In his fourth relief start, Green posted his best finish of the year, 17th, at Dover International Speedway In his final relief start, Green finished on the lead lap in 18th at Michigan International Speedway. He has since returned to the No. 10. Green attempted one Sprint Cup Series race in 2012, but failed to qualify at Kansas Speedway driving for Joe Falk's No. 33. In 2013, Green returned to the start-and-park No. 10 Toyota for Tri-Star Motorsports, though he replaced McClure in the 14 for four races. Unlike the 10, Green ran full races in the 14. In 2014 at Mid-Ohio, Green was battling for the lead with eventual race winner Chris Buescher but a mechanical failure ruined his best chance at his first Nationwide Series win since 2002. He would finish 29th. In 2015, Green joined the #30 car for The Motorsports Group, replacing the fired Ron Hornaday, Jr.. In his debut for TMG, Green qualified 33rd and finished 40th-the best finish for TMG. Green failed to qualify in his next two attempts. Green joined Rick Ware Racing to race the season opener at Daytona, where he didn't start and park as he usually does, however engine problems caused him to finish 36th. Green drove the #17 Toyota Camry at the 2016 Subway Firecracker 250. He ran in the top 15 most of the race and avoided many wrecks including a wreck on the last lap, where he spun polesitter David Ragan. He finished 7th in the race, his first top-10 in 11 years. Green returned to full-time Xfinity competition in 2017 driving for B. J. McLeod Motorsports. However he parted in ways with the team in the middle of the season (but returned with them at Daytona in July). He joined RSS Racing and start and parks with them. While in the Busch Series, Green developed a rivalry with Kevin Harvick. The drivers were prime contenders for the 2000 and 2001 championships, with Harvick beating Green out in the latter year. Green would become a teammate of Harvick's in the Winston Cup in 2002; both rejected the notion that they could not get along. While their first season together passed without incident, the second did not end well. During the 2003 Pontiac Excitement 400, Harvick ran into the rear of Green's car while Green was attempting to avoid a conflict between Ryan Newman and Ward Burton. Harvick began apologizing for the spin-out, and cameras showed that Green's car had hesitated before the collision. Green was outraged by the incident and confronted Harvick's crew chief, Todd Berrier, later saying, "Tough to be teammates when it seems like there's only one car at RCR." He was fired by Childress the next day, who said that change was needed after the relationship had gone awry. After a relatively quiet 2004, Green took part in a much-publicized feud with Michael Waltrip during the early 2005 season, especially during races at Martinsville and Darlington, where Green and Waltrip wrecked each other on several occasions. While no penalties were assessed against the drivers, NASCAR ordered them to discontinue the incidents. During the 2006 season, at the Chevy Rock and Roll 400, after being involved in a crash with Jimmie Johnson on lap 252, Green drove back onto the track, and, while 51 laps down while repairs were made, then slammed into Johnson just after he had spun off the bumper of Reed Sorenson on lap 322, resulting in his car being ordered to the garage for the final 78 laps (resulting in a 41st-place finish). Season still in progress. </doc> <doc id="2339479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339479" title="Benjamin Rosenbaum"> Benjamin Rosenbaum Benjamin Rosenbaum (born August 23, 1969) is an American science fiction, fantasy, and literary fiction writer and computer programmer, whose stories have been finalists for the Hugo Award, the Nebula Award, the Theodore Sturgeon Award, the BSFA award, and the World Fantasy Award. Born in New York City but raised in Arlington, Virginia, Rosenbaum received degrees in computer science and religious studies from Brown University. His past software development positions include designing software for the National Science Foundation, designing software for the D.C. city government, and being one of the founders of Digital Addiction (which created the online game Sanctum). His first professionally published story appeared in 2001. His work has been published in "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction", "Asimov's Science Fiction", "Harper's", "Nature", and "McSweeney's Quarterly Concern". It has also appeared on the websites "Strange Horizons" and "Infinite Matrix", and in various year's best anthologies. "The Ant King and Other Stories", a collection of Rosenbaum's short fiction, was published by Small Beer Press. His first novel was published by Piper Verlag in German under the title "Die Auflösung" in May 2018. Rosenbaum formerly lived in Washington, DC, with his wife Esther and children Aviva and Noah.. He currently lives near Basel, Switzerland. He released all seven stories under Creative Commons licenses, in the latter three cases allowing others to modify the work. </doc> <doc id="2339484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339484" title="History of Bengal"> History of Bengal The history of Bengal is intertwined with the history of the broader Indian subcontinent and the surrounding regions of South Asia and Southeast Asia. It includes modern-day Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura and Assam's Barak Valley, located in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent, at the apex of the Bay of Bengal and dominated by the fertile Ganges delta. The advancement of civilization in Bengal dates back four millennia. The region was known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as "Gangaridai". The Ganges and the Brahmaputra rivers act as a geographic marker of the region, but also connects the region to the broader Indian subcontinent. Bengal, at times, has played an important role in the history of the Indian subcontinent. The area's early history featured a succession of Indian empires, internal squabbling, and a tussle between Hinduism and Buddhism for dominance. Ancient Bengal was the site of several major Janapadas (kingdoms), while the earliest cities date back to the Vedic period. A thalassocracy and an entrepôt of the historic Silk Road, Ancient Bengal established colonies on Indian Ocean islands and in Southeast Asia; had strong trade links with Persia, Arabia and the Mediterranean that focused on its lucrative cotton muslin textiles. The region was part of several ancient pan-Indian empires, including the Mauryans and Guptas. It was also a bastion of regional kingdoms. The citadel of Gauda served as capital of the Gauda Kingdom, the Buddhist Pala Empire (eighth to 11th century) and Hindu Sena Empire (11th–12th century). This era saw the development of Bengali language, script, literature, music, art and architecture. From the 13th century onward, the region was controlled by the Bengal Sultanate, Hindu Rajas (kings), and Baro-Bhuyan landlords. During the Medieval and Early Modern periods, Bengal was home to several medieval Hindu principalities, including the Koch Kingdom, Kingdom of Mallabhum, Kingdom of Bhurshut and Kingdom of Tripura; the realm of powerful Hindu Rajas notably Pratapaditya and Raja Sitaram Ray. In the late 16th and early 17th centuries, Isa Khan, a Muslim Rajput chief, who led the Baro Bhuiyans (twelve landlords), dominated the Bengal delta. Afterwards, the region came under the suzerainty of the Mughal Empire, as its wealthiest province. Under the Mughals, Bengal Subah generated 50% of the empire's GDP and 12% of the world's GDP, globally dominant in industries such as textile manufacturing and shipbuilding, with the capital Dhaka having a population exceeding a million people. The gradual decline of the Mughal Empire led to quasi-independent states under the Nawabs of Bengal, subsequent Maratha expeditions in Bengal, and finally the conquest by the British East India Company. The British took control of the region from the late 18th century. The company consolidated their hold on the region following the Battle of Plassey in 1757 and Battle of Buxar in 1764 and by 1793 took complete control of the region. The plunder of Bengal directly contributed to the Industrial Revolution in Britain, with the capital amassed from Bengal used to invest in British industries such as textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution and greatly increase British wealth, while at the same time leading to deindustrialization and famines in Bengal. Kolkata (or Calcutta) served for many years as the capital of British controlled territories in India. The early and prolonged exposure to British administration resulted in the expansion of Western education, culminating in development of science, institutional education, and social reforms in the region, including what became known as the Bengali renaissance. A hotbed of the Indian independence movement through the early 20th century, Bengal was divided during India's independence in 1947 along religious lines into two separate entities: West Bengal—a state of India—and East Bengal—a part of the newly created Dominion of Pakistan that later became the independent nation of Bangladesh in 1971. The exact origin of the word "Bangla" is unknown, though it is believed to be derived from the Dravidian-speaking tribe "Bang/Banga" that settled in the area around the year 1000 BCE. Other accounts speculate that the name is derived from "Venga" ("Bôngo"), which came from the Austric word "Bonga" meaning the Sun-god. According to the Mahabharata, the Puranas and the Harivamsha, Vanga was one of the adopted sons of King Vali who founded the Vanga Kingdom. It was either under Magadh or under Kalinga Rules except few years under Pals.The Muslim accounts refer that "Bong", a son of Hind (son of Hām who was a son of Prophet Noah/Nooh) colonised the area for the first time. The earliest reference to "Vangala" ("Bôngal") has been traced in the Nesari plates (805 CE) of Rashtrakuta Govinda III which speak of Dharmapala as the king of Vangala. The records of Rajendra Chola I of the Chola dynasty, who invaded Bengal in the 11th century, speak of Govindachandra as the ruler of Vangaladesa. Shams-ud-din Ilyas Shah took the title "Shah-e-Bangla" and united the whole region under one government. An interesting theory of the origin of the name is provided by "Abu'l-Fazl" in his "Ain-i-Akbari". According to him, "[T]he original name of Bengal was Bung, and the suffix ""al"" came to be added to it from the fact that the ancient rajahs of this land raised mounds of earth 10 feet high and 20 in breadth in lowlands at the foot of the hills which were called "al". From this suffix added to the Bung, the name Bengal arose and gained currency". Stone Age tools dating back 20,000 years have been excavated in the state. Remnants of Copper Age settlements in the Bengal region date back 4,000 years. The original settlers spoke non-Aryan languages — they may have spoken Austric or Austro-Asiatic languages like the languages of the present-day Kola, Bhil, Santhal, Shabara, and Pulinda people. At a subsequent age, peoples speaking languages from two other language families — Dravidian and Tibeto-Burman —seem to have settled in Bengal. Archaeological discoveries during the 1960s furnished evidence of a degree of civilisation in certain parts of Bengal as far back as the first millennium BCE. Some references indicate that the primitive people in Bengal were different in ethnicity and culture from the Vedic people beyond the boundary of Aryavarta and who were classed as "Dasyus". The Bhagavata Purana classes them as sinful people while Dharmasutra of Baudhayana prescribes expiatory rites after a journey among the Pundras and Vangas. Mahabharata speaks of Paundraka Vasudeva who was lord of the Pundras and who allied himself with Jarasandha against Krishna. The Mahabharata also speaks of Bengali kings called Chitrasena and Sanudrasena who were defeated by Bhima and Kalidasa mentions Raghu defeating a coalition of Vanga kings. Hindu scriptures such as the Mahabharata suggest that ancient Bengal was divided among various tribes or kingdoms, including the Nishadas and kingdoms known as the Janapadas: Vanga (southern Bengal), Pundra (northern Bengal), and Suhma (western Bengal) according to their respective totems. These Hindu sources, written by Indo-Aryans speakers in what is now Punjab and Uttar Pradesh, suggest that the peoples of Bengal were not Indo-Aryan speakers. However, Jain scriptures identify Vanga and Anga in Bengal as Indo-Aryan speakers. While western Bengal, as part of Magadha, became part of the Indo-Aryan speaking polity by the 7th century BCE, the Nanda Dynasty was the first historical state to unify most of Bengal under Indo-Aryan rule. The Vanga Kingdom was the first powerful seafaring nation of South Asia, especially Bengal. They had overseas trade relations with Java, Sumatra and Siam (modern-day Thailand). According to Mahavamsa, the Vanga prince Vijaya Simha conquered Lanka (modern-day Sri Lanka) in 544 BCE and gave the name "Sinhala" to the country. Bengali people migrated to the Malay Archipelago and Siam (in modern Thailand), establishing their own colonies there. Though north and west Bengal were part of the Magadhan empire southern Bengal thrived and became powerful with her overseas trades. In 326 BCE, with the invasion of Alexander the Great the region again came to prominence. The Greek and Latin historians suggested that Alexander the Great withdrew from India anticipating the valiant counterattack of the mighty Gangaridai empire that was located in the Bengal region. Alexander, after the meeting with his officer, Coenus, was convinced that it was better to return. Diodorus Siculus mentions Gangaridai to be the most powerful empire in India whose king possessed an army of 20,000 horses, 200,000 infantry, 2,000 chariots and 4,000 elephants trained and equipped for war. The pre-Gupta period of Bengal is shrouded with obscurity. Before the conquest of Samudragupta Bengal was divided into two kingdoms: Pushkarana and Samatata. An inscription of "Pushkaranadhipa" (the ruler of Pushkarana) Chandravarman has been found in a cave in the Shushunia hills. Chandragupta II had defeated a confederacy of Vanga kings resulting in Bengal becoming part of the Gupta Empire. During Gupta rule, the Bengal economy was part of a global trade network. The main social groups dominating in the socio-economic life were the Nagarshreshthi (city representative of seth class, i.e. bankers), 'Sarthabaha' (merchant class), and 'kulik' (artisan class). By the 6th century, the Gupta Empire, which ruled over the northern Indian subcontinent had largely broken up. Eastern Bengal splintered into the kingdoms of Vanga, Samatata and Harikela while the Gauda kings rose in the west with their capital at Karnasuvarna (near modern Murshidabad). Shashanka, a vassal of the last Gupta Emperor proclaimed independence and unified the smaller principalities of Bengal (Gaur, Vanga, Samatata). He vied for regional power with Harshavardhana in northern India after treacherously murdering Harsha's elder brother Rajyavardhana. Harsha's continuous pressure led to the gradual weakening of the Gauda kingdom founded by Shashanka and finally ended with his death. This burst of Bengali power ended with the overthrow of Manava (his son), Bengal descended into a period marked by disunity and intrigue once more. Mallabhum kingdom was ruled by the Malla kings of Bishnupur, primarily in present-day area of Indian state of West Bengal from the 7th century CE. The Rajas of Bishnupur were also known as Malla kings. "Malla" is a Sanskrit word meaning "wrestler" but there could be some links with the Mal tribes of the area, who had intimate connection with the Bagdis. The Malla Rajas ruled over the territory in the south-western part of present West Bengal and a part of southeastern Jharkhand. From around 7th century CE till around the 19th century, for around a millennium, history of Bankura district is identical with the rise and fall of the Hindu Rajas of Bishnupur. The legends of Bipodtarini Devi are associated with Malla Kings of Bishnupur. The kingdom's lasting legacy is its famous terracotta temples. The Pala Empire (750–1120) was the first independent Buddhist dynasty of Bengal. The name "Pala" () means "protector" and was used as an ending to the names of all Pala monarchs. The Palas were followers of the Mahayana and Vajrayana schools of Buddhism. Gopala I (750–770) was its first ruler. He came to power in 750 in the Gauḍa Gopala reigned from about 750–770 and consolidated his position by extending his control over all of Bengal. The Pala dynasty lasted for four centuries and ushered in a period of stability and prosperity in Bengal. They created many temples and works of art as well as supported the important ancient higher-learning institutions of Nalanda and Vikramashila. The Somapura Mahavihara built by Emperor Dharmapala is the greatest Buddhist vihara in the Indian subcontinent. The empire reached its peak under Emperor Dharmapala (770–810) and Devapala (810–850). Dharmapala extended the empire into the northern parts of the Indian subcontinent. According to Pala copperplate inscriptions, his successor Devapala exterminated the Utkalas, conquered the Pragjyotisha Kingdom of Assam, shattered the pride of the Huna people and humbled the lords of Gurjara-Pratihara and the Rashtrakuta dynasty. The death of Devapala in 850 ended the period of ascendancy of the Pala dynasty and several independent dynasties and kingdoms emerged during this time. However, Mahipala rejuvenated the reign of the Palas. He recovered control over all of Bengal and expanded the empire. He survived the invasions of Rajendra Chola I and the Chalukya dynasty. After Mahipala I the Pala dynasty again saw its decline until Ramapala (1077–1130), the last great ruler of the dynasty, managed to retrieve the position of the dynasty to some extent. He crushed the Varendra Rebellion and tried to extend his empire farther to Kamarupa, Odisha and northern India. In his endeavor to conquer the Utkala and Koshala, parts of Odisha today, he had to contest with the mighty Ganga king Anangabhima Chodaganga Deva. Eventually Anangabhimadeva defeated Ramapala and united the regions of Trikalinga (Utkala, Koshala and Kalinga) into a major empire famous in history as the Eastern Ganga empire of Kalinga. While Anangabhimadeva defeated the Palas successively and counquered southern Bengal, he had to face stiffer opposition in the south from the great Chola ruler, Kulothunga Chola I. Since then the region of Bengal starting from the river Hooghly became the northern boundary of the Odishan emperors right from the Imperial Eastern Gangas to the mighty Gajapatis. The Pala dynasty era was the golden era of Bengal. Never had the Bengali people reached such height of power and glory to that extent. The Palas were responsible for the introduction of Mahayana Buddhism in Tibet, Bhutan and Burma. It was during the Pala period Bengal became the main center of Buddhist as well as secular learning. Nalanda, Vikramashila and Somapura Mahavihara flourished and prospered under the patronage of the Pala rulers. Dharmapala and Devapala were two great patrons of Buddhism, secular education and culture. The Palas also had extensive trade as well as influence in Southeast Asia. This can be seen in the sculptures and architectural style of the Sailendra (present-day Malay Peninsula, Java and Sumatra). However, the economy of Bengal became more dependent on agriculture. Importance of merchant and financial classes declined. While the monarchs were Buddhists, land grants to Brahmin agriculturalists was common. Invasions by the Chola dynasty and Western Chalukya Empire led to the decline of the Pala dynasty in Bengal and to the establishment of the Sena dynasty. Rajendra Chola I invaded Bengal between 1021 and 1023 CE. According to the records of Rajendra Chola, the pretext for invading Bengal was to fetch water of the Ganges, but in the process he humbled the rulers of Bengal and returned home not only with Ganges water but with considerable booty. The rulers of Bengal who were defeated by Rajendra Chola were Dharmapala, Ranasura and Govindachandra, who might have been feudatories of Mahipala. The Western Chalukya Empire invaded from South India during the reign of Someshvara I, led by his son, Vikramaditya VI, who defeated the kings of Gauḍa and Kamarupa. This invasion of this ethnic Kannada ruler brought his countrymen from Karnataka into Bengal, which explains the southern origin of the Sena dynasty. The Chandra dynasty were a family who ruled over the kingdom of Harikela in eastern Bengal (comprising the ancient lands of Harikela, Vanga and Samatala) for roughly a century and a half from the beginning of the 10th century CE. Their empire also encompassed Vanga and Samatala, with Srichandra expanding his domain to include parts of Kamarupa. Their empire was ruled from their capital, Vikrampur (modern Munshiganj) and was powerful enough to militarily withstand the Pala Empire to the north-west. The last ruler of the Chandra Dynasty Govindachandra was defeated by the south Indian Emperor Rajendra Chola I of the Chola dynasty in the 11th century. Then it was under rule of Keshari dynasty of Utkal and subsequently under Ganga Dynasty of Kalinga followed by Surya dynasty of Kalinga till 1568 CE. The Pala dynasty was followed by the Sena dynasty which hailed from south India; they and their feudatories are referred to in history books as the "Kannada kings." In contrast to the Pala dynasty who championed Buddhism, the Sena dynasty were staunchly Hindu. They brought about a revival of Hinduism and cultivated Sanskrit literature in eastern India. They succeeded in bringing Bengal under one ruler during the 12th century. Vijaya Sena, second ruler of the dynasty, defeated the last Pala emperor, Madanapala, and established his reign formally. Ballala Sena, third ruler of the dynasty, was a scholar and philosopher king. He is said to have invited Brahmins from both south India and north India to settle in Bengal, and aid the resurgence of Hinduism in his kingdom. He married a Western Chalukya princess and concentrated on building his empire eastwards, establishing his rule over nearly all of Bengal and large areas of lower Assam. Ballala Sena made Nabadwip his capital, three hundred years later, that city was to become a stronghold of the Bhakti movement of Hinduism under Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. The fourth Sena king, Lakshmana Sena, son of Ballala Sena, was the greatest king of his line. He expanded the empire beyond Bengal into Bihar, Assam, Odisha and likely Varanasi. Lakshmana was later defeated by the nomadic Turkic Muslims and fled to eastern Bengal, where he ruled few more years. It is proposed by some Bengali authors that Jayadeva, the famous Sanskrit poet and author of Gita Govinda, was one of the "Pancharatnas" or "five Gems" of the court of Lakshmana Sena. The Deva Kingdom was a Hindu dynasty of medieval Bengal that ruled over eastern Bengal after the collapse Sena Empire. The capital of this dynasty was Bikrampur in present-day Munshiganj District of Bangladesh. The inscriptional evidences show that his kingdom was extended up to the present-day Comilla–Noakhali–Chittagong region. A later ruler of the dynasty "Ariraja-Danuja-Madhava" Dasharatha-Deva extended his kingdom to cover much of East Bengal. The end of this dynasty is not yet known. Islam made its first appearance in Bengal during the 12th century when Sufi missionaries arrived. Later, occasional Muslim conquerors reinforced the process of conversion by building mosques, madrassas and Sufi Khanqah. Beginning in 1202 a military commander from the Delhi Sultanate, Bakhtiar Khilji, overran Bihar and Bengal as far east as Rangpur, Bogra and the Brahmaputra River. Although he failed to bring Bengal under his control, the expedition managed to defeat Lakshman Sen and his two sons moved to a place then called Bikrampur (present-day Munshiganj District), where their diminished dominion lasted until the late 13th century. The Mosque City of Bagerhat has more than 50 Islamic monuments. The site has been recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983, "as an outstanding example of an architectural ensemble which illustrates a significant stage in human history", of which the Sixty Pillar Mosque, constructed with 60 pillars and 77 domes, is the best known. During the 14th century, the former kingdom became known as the Sultanate of Bengal and they ruled intermittently with the Sultanate of Delhi for the next 200 years . Shamsuddin Iliyas Shah founded the dynasty. It lasted from 1342–1487. The dynasty successfully repulsed attempts by Delhi to conquer them. They continued to reel in the territory of modern-day Bengal, reaching to Khulna in the south and Sylhet in the east. The sultans advanced civic institutions and became more responsive and "native" in their outlook and cut loose from Delhi. Considerable architectural projects were completed including the massive Adina Mosque and the Darasbari Mosque which still stands in Bangladesh. The Sultans of Bengal were patrons of Bengali literature and began a process in which Bengali culture and identity would flourish. The Ilyas Shahi Dynasty was interrupted by an uprising by the Hindus under Raja Ganesha. However the Ilyas Shahi dynasty was restored by Nasiruddin Mahmud Shah. The Ganesha dynasty began with Raja Ganesha in 1414. After Raja Ganesha seized control over Bengal, he faced an imminent threat of invasion. Ganesha appealed to a powerful Muslim holy man named Qutb al Alam to stop the threat. The saint agreed on the condition that Raja Ganesha's son, Jadu, would convert to Islam and rule in his place. Raja Ganesha agreed and Jadu started ruling Bengal as Jalaluddin Muhammad Shah in 1415. Qutb al Alam died in 1416 and Raja Ganesha was emboldened to depose his son and return to the throne as Danujamarddana Deva. Jalaluddin was reconverted to Hinduism by the "Golden Cow" ritual. After the death of his father Jalaluddin once again converted to Islam and started ruling again. Jalaluddin's son, Shamsuddin Ahmad Shah ruled for only 3 years due to chaos and anarchy. The dynasty is known for its liberal policies as well as its focus on justice and charity. The Hussain Shahi dynasty ruled in the period 1494–1538. Alauddin Hussain Shah, considered as the greatest of all the sultans of Bengal for bringing cultural renaissance during his reign. He extended the sultanate all the way to the port of Chittagong, which witnessed the arrival of the first Portuguese merchants. Nasiruddin Nasrat Shah gave refuge to the Afghan lords during the invasion of Babur though he remained neutral. However Nusrat Shah made a treaty with Babur and saved Bengal from a Mughal invasion. The last Sultan of the dynasty, who continued to rule from Gaur, had to contend with rising Afghan activity on his northwestern border. Eventually, the Afghans broke through and sacked the capital in 1538 where they remained for several decades until the arrival of the Mughals. In 1534, the Afghan Sher Shah Suri, or Farid Khan – a man of incredible military and political skill – succeeded in defeating the superior forces of the Mughals under Humayun at Chausa (1539) and Kannauj (1540). Sher Shah fought back and captured both Delhi and Agra and established a kingdom stretching far into Punjab. Sher Shah's administrative skill showed in his public works, including the Grand Trunk Road connecting Sonargaon in Bengal with Peshawar in the Hindu Kush. Sher Shah's rule ended with his death in 1545, although even in those five years his reign would have a powerful influence on Indian society, politics, and economics. Shah Suri's successors lacked his administrative skill, and quarrelled over the domains of his empire. Humayun, who then ruled a rump Mughal state, saw an opportunity and in 1554 seized Lahore and Delhi. Emperor Humayun died in January 1556. Around same time, Hemu, also called Hema Chandra Vikramaditya, the then Hindu Prime Minister-cum-Chief of Army, of the Sur dynasty won Bengal in the 'battle at Chapperghatta', killing Muhammad Shah the then ruler of Bengal. This was Hemu's 20th continuous win in North India. Knowing of Humanyun's death, Hemu found a God given opportunity to win Delhi for himself and rushed to Delhi to win Agra and later on Delhi, defeated Akbar's forces at both the places, and established 'Hindu Raj' in North India on 6 Oct 1556, after 300 years of Muslim rule, leaving Bengal to his Governor Shahbaz Khan. Akbar, the greatest of the Mughal emperors, defeated the Karani rulers of Bengal in 1576. Afterwards, Bengal came once more under the control of Delhi. It became a Mughalsubah and ruled through subahdars (governors). Akbar exercised progressive rule and oversaw a period of prosperity (through trade and development) in Bengal and northern India. Bengal's trade and wealth impressed the Mughals that they called the region the ""Paradise of the Nations"". Administration by governors appointed by the court of the Mughal Empire court (1575–1717) gave way to four decades of semi-independence under the Nawabs of Murshidabad, who respected the nominal sovereignty of the Mughals in Delhi. The Nawabs granted permission to the French East India Company to establish a trading post at Chandernagore in 1673, and the British East India Company at Calcutta in 1690. Under the Mughal Empire, Bengal was an affluent province with a Muslim majority and Hindu minority, and was globally dominant in industries such as textile manufacturing and shipbuilding. The capital Dhaka had a population exceeding a million people, and with an estimated 80,000 skilled textile weavers. It was an exporter of silk and cotton textiles, steel, saltpeter, and agricultural and industrial produce. Bengali farmers and agriculturalists were quick to adapt to profitable new crops between 1600 and 1650. Bengali agriculturalists rapidly learned techniques of mulberry cultivation and sericulture, establishing Bengal as a major silk-producing region of the world. Under Mughal rule, Bengal was a center of the worldwide muslin, silk and pearl trades. During the Mughal era, the most important center of cotton production was Bengal, particularly around its capital city of Dhaka, leading to muslin being called "daka" in distant markets such as Central Asia. Domestically, much of India depended on Bengali products such as rice, silks and cotton textiles. Overseas, Europeans depended on Bengali products such as cotton textiles, silks and opium; Bengal accounted for 40% of Dutch imports from Asia, for example, including more than 50% of textiles and around 80% of silks. From Bengal, saltpeter was also shipped to Europe, opium was sold in Indonesia, raw silk was exported to Japan and the Netherlands, and cotton and silk textiles were exported to Europe, Indonesia and Japan. Bengal had a large shipbuilding industry. In terms of shipbuilding tonnage during the 16th–18th centuries, the annual output of Bengal alone totaled around 2,232,500 tons, larger than the combined output of the Dutch (450,000–550,000 tons), the British (340,000 tons), and North America (23,061 tons). There were several independent Hindu states established in Bengal during the Mughal period like those of Maharaja Pratap Aditya of Jessore and Raja Sitaram Ray of Burdwan, Raja Krishnachandra Roy of Nadia Raj and Kingdom of Mallabhum. These kingdoms contributed a lot to the economic and cultural landscape of Bengal. Extensive land reclamations in forested and marshy areas were carried out and intrastate trade as well as commerce were highly encouraged. These kingdoms also helped introduce new music, painting, dancing and sculpture into Bengali art-forms as well as many temples were constructed during this period. Militarily, they served as bulwarks against Portuguese and Burmese attacks. The Kingdom of Bhurshut was a medieval Hindu kingdom spread across what is now Howrah and Hooghly in the Indian state of West Bengal. Maharaja Rudranarayan consolidated the dynasty and expanded the kingdom and converted it into one of the most powerful Hindu kingdom of the time. His wife Maharani Bhavashankari defeated the Pathan resurgence in Bengal and her reign brought power, prosperity and grandeur to Bhurishrestha Kingdom. Their son, Maharaja Pratapnarayan, patronised literature and art, trade & commerce, as well as welfare of his subjects. Afterwards, Maharaja Naranarayan maintained the integrity and sovereignty of the kingdom by diplomatically averting the occupation of the kingdom by the Mughal forces. His son, Maharaja Lakshminarayan, failed to maintain the sovereignty of the kingdom due to sabotage from within. The Koch Bihar Kingdom in the northern Bengal, flourished during the period of 16th and the 17th centuries as well as weathered the Mughals and survived till the advent of the British. The Burdwan Raj was a "zamindari" estate that flourished from about 1657 to 1955, first under the Mughals and then under the British in the province of Bengal in British-India. At the peak of its prosperity in the 18th century, the estate extended to around of territory and even up to the early 20th century paid an annual revenue to the government in excess of 3,300,000 rupees. The Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad were the rulers of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa. Between 1717 and 1757, they served as the heads of state of the sovereign Principality of Bengal. The position was established as the hereditary "Nazim"s or "Subahdars" (provincial governors) of the "subah" (province) of Bengal during the Mughal rule and later became the independent rulers of the region. A centre of rice cultivation, fine cotton such as muslin, ship building, and the world's main source of jute fibre, Bengal was one of the world's principal centres of industry during this time. The Jagat Seths were a rich business and Money lender family in Murshidabad, Bengal during the time of Nawab Siraj-ud-Daula. The Seths were among the most powerful bankers of India during the first half of 18th century. Roben Orme (official historian of East India Company) described Jagat Seths as "the greatest shroff (money changer) and banker in the known world." According to Nick Robins: "The Jagat Seths were unrivalled in northern India for their financial power. Known as 'banker of the world', this Marwari family had build up formidable economic resources on the back of its control of the imperial mint and extensive moneylending. They wielded this financial clout at the Bengali court and were judged to be 'the chief cause of revolutions in Bengal' by a French commentator at the time." Around the early 18th century, the Maratha Empire led invasions of Bengal. The leader of the expedition was Maratha Maharaja Raghuji of Nagpur. Raghoji was able to annexe Odisha and parts of Bengal permanently as he successfully exploited the chaotic conditions prevailing in the region after the death of their Governor Murshid Quli Khan in 1727. During their occupation, the Marathas perpetrated a massacre against the local population, killing close to 400,000 people in western Bengal and Bihar. This devastated Bengal's economy, as many of the people killed in the Maratha raids included merchants, textile weavers, silk winders, and mulberry cultivators. The Cossimbazar factory reported in 1742, for example, that the Marathas burnt down many of the houses where silk piece goods were made, along with weavers' looms. When the East India Company began strengthening the defences at Fort William (Calcutta), the Nawab, Siraj Ud Daulah, at the encouragement of the French, attacked. Under the leadership of Robert Clive, British troops and their local allies captured Chandernagore in March 1757 and seriously defeated the Nawab on 23 June 1757 at the Battle of Plassey, when the Nawab's soldiers betrayed him. The Nawab was assassinated in Murshidabad, and the British installed their own Nawab for Bengal and extended their direct control in the south. Chandernagore was restored to the French in 1763. The Bengalis attempted to regain their territories in 1765 in alliance with the Mughal Emperor Shah Alam II, but were defeated again at the Battle of Buxar (1765). The centre of Indian culture and trade shifted from Delhi to Calcutta when the Mughal Empire fell. The plunder of Bengal directly contributed to the Industrial Revolution in Britain, with the capital amassed from Bengal used to invest in British industries such as textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution and greatly increase British wealth, while at the same time leading to deindustrialization and famines in Bengal. During British rule, two devastating famines occurred costing millions of lives in 1770 and 1943. Scarcely five years into the British East India Company's rule, the catastrophic Bengal famine of 1770, one of the greatest famines of history occurred. Up to a third of the population died in 1770 and subsequent years. The Indian Rebellion of 1857 replaced rule by the Company with the direct control of Bengal by the British Crown. A centre of rice cultivation as well as fine cotton called muslin and the world's main source of jute fibre, Bengal was one of India's principal centres of industry, and from the 1850s became concentrated in the capital Kolkata (known as "Calcutta" under the British, always called 'Kolkata' in the native tongue of Bengali) and its emerging cluster of suburbs. Most of the population nevertheless remained dependent on agriculture, and despite its leading role in Indian political and intellectual activity, the province included some very undeveloped districts, especially in the east. In 1877, when Victoria took the title of "Empress of India", the British declared Calcutta the capital of the British Raj. India's most popular province (and one of the most active provinces for independence activities), in 1905 Bengal was divided by the British rulers for administrative purposes into an overwhelmingly Hindu west (including present-day Bihar and Odisha) and a predominantly Muslim east (including Assam) (1905 Partition of Bengal). Hindu – Muslim conflict became stronger through this partition. While Hindu Indians disagreed with the partition saying it was a way of dividing a Bengal which is united by language and history, Muslims supported it by saying it was a big step forward for Muslim society where Muslims will be majority and they can freely practice their religion as well as their culture. But owing to strong Hindu agitation, the British reunited East and West Bengal in 1912, and made Bihar and Orissa a separate province. Another major famine occurred during the second world war, the Bengal famine of 1943, in which an estimated 3 million people died. The Bengal Renaissance refers to a social reform movement during the 19th and early 20th centuries in the region of Bengal in undivided India during the period of British rule. The Bengal renaissance can be said to have started with Raja Ram Mohan Roy (1775–1833) and ended with Rabindranath Tagore (1861–1941), although there have been many stalwarts thereafter embodying particular aspects of the unique intellectual and creative output. 19th century Bengal was a unique blend of religious and social reformers, scholars, literary giants, journalists, patriotic orators and scientists, all merging to form the image of a renaissance, and marked the transition from the 'medieval' to the 'modern'. Bengal played a major role in the Indian independence movement, in which revolutionary groups such as Anushilan Samiti and Jugantar were dominant. Bengalis also played a notable role in the Indian independence movement. Many of the early proponents of independence, and subsequent leaders in movement were Bengalis such as Chittaranjan Das, Surendranath Banerjee, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, Prafulla Chaki, Bagha Jatin, Khudiram Bose, Surya Sen, Binoy–Badal–Dinesh, Sarojini Naidu, Aurobindo Ghosh, Rashbehari Bose and many more. Some of these leaders, such as Netaji, did not subscribe to the view that non-violent civil disobedience was the only way to achieve Indian Independence, and allied with Japan to fight against the British. During the Second World War Netaji escaped to Germany from house arrest in India and there he founded the Indian Legion an army to fight against the British Government, but the turning of the war compelled him to come to South-East Asia and there he became the co-founder and leader of the Indian National Army (distinct from the army of British India) that challenged British forces in several parts of India. He was also the head of state of a parallel regime named 'The Provisional Government of Free India' or Arzi Hukumat-e-Azad Hind, that was recognised and supported by the Axis powers. Bengal was also the fostering ground for several prominent revolutionary organisations, the most notable of which was Anushilan Samiti. A large number of Bengalis died in the independence struggle and many were exiled in Cellular Jail, the much dreaded prison located in Andaman. In the 20th century, the partitions of Bengal, occurring twice, has left great marks on the history and psyche of the people of Bengal. The first partition occurred in 1905 and the second partition was in 1947. As partition of British India into Hindu and Muslim dominions approached in 1947, Bengal again was divided into the state of West Bengal of India and the province of East Bengal under Pakistan, renamed East Pakistan in 1958. The partition of Bengal entailed the greatest exodus of people in human history. Millions of Hindus migrated from East Pakistan to India and thousands of Muslims too went across the borders to East Pakistan. Because of the coming of the refugees, there occurred the crisis of land and food in West Bengal; and such condition remained in long duration for more than three decades. The politics of West Bengal since the partition in 1947 developed round the nucleus of refugee problem. Both the Rightists and the Leftists in politics of West Bengal have not yet become free from the socio-economic conditions created by the partition of Bengal. East Pakistan (East Bengal) rebelled against Pakistani military rule to become independent republic of Bangladesh (meaning: 'Country of Bengal') after a war of independence against the Pakistani army in 1971. West Bengal remains a part of India. </doc> <doc id="2339486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339486" title="Polar (musician)"> Polar (musician) Polar, or K, is Kjetil Dale Sagstad, a Norwegian electronic music artist. He is originally from Meland in Norway, and grew up with his former musical partner Teebee. Together he started Subtitles Recordings, which Teebee now runs by himself. He currently lives in Bergen. Labels: Certificate 18, Subtitles Recordings, Breakbeat Science, Levitated, Moving Shadow, R&S Records, Beatservice, Rugged Vinyl, Warm Communications, Fenetik (Soma), FAT! Records, Metaformal After initially surfacing on Hopa & Bones's A-Level imprint in '96, Kjetil Sagstad, aka "K" or "Polar", notched up a tally of releases on several labels, developing a trademark sound in beats and progressive drum n bass, earning him comparisons to Carl Craig, among others. Originally from Bergen, on the West Coast of Norway, K was baptized by the local rave scene (albeit a very small one) and intense early breakbeat and techno. He quit school to pursue a sonic education, and started on a career path that would see him influence the scene that so clearly touched him in the first place. After his Dad nicked his gear off him as penance for his non-orthodox scholarly aspirations, K used his mate Teebee's PC to make tunes. After developing contact with Moving Shadow and Rugged Vinyl, K released Jazzassins 'Compass' for R&S Records in 1997. Releases followed on Beatservice and Moving Shadow, his track was snapped up by the likes of Gilles Peterson, Amon Tobin, Matrix, Laurent Garnier and Fabio, and highlighted the direction of Polar's venture into glacial soundscapes and haunting programming. The mini LP '37 Degrees and Falling' followed, with the influence of K's home environment of Norway ever present in his sound, and planting him firmly on the musical map with intense atmospherics and powerful beat arrangements. Singles 'Mind Of A Killer', 'Skydiver', and '5am', released throughout 2000, illustrated the irrevocable, irreversible slide back from the thaw, heading into numbing yet taut K-hole serenity. 2001 saw the release of the acclaimed 'Still Moving' album, achieving support and recognition from a wide spectrum of scenes, not just from within drum n bass. The 'White Chambers' EP was released in December '01: this was three cuts of deep, downtempo electronica. Moody, emotional and brooding - like a film noir soundtrack infused with hip hop and drum'n'bass - the tracks were lifted from the CD version of 'Still Moving' and created waves throughout the electronic world, with Polar being hailed as "Kruder & Dorfmeister on an iceberg" (Seven Magazine). It also featured a remix by Ian Simmons aka Journeyman. In 2002, K relocated to San Francisco while working on his 3rd solo album 'Out of the Blue'. Tragically this would be his last for the next 6 years due to a hearing injury. That same year also saw Polar releases on Metaformal, Breakbeat science, Thermal Recordings, Fenetik, FAT! and his own label Subtitles Music, founded together with childhood friend Dj Teebee. K is suffering from reduced hearing, Hyperacusis and Tinnitus as a result of a hearing injury he originally got in 1999. In 2002 it took an unexpected turn for the worse, and he was left unable to spend any time in the studio. He left the administration of Subtitles to partner Teebee in 2003, and disappeared from the drum & bass scene. After a year of online rumors that there might be some new Polar material in the works, 2008 saw the release of a 4th Polar solo LP titled 'In the end' on Warm Communications out of Amarillo, Texas. </doc> <doc id="2339509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339509" title="Janakpuri"> Janakpuri Janakpuri is a posh residential neighbourhood in the West Delhi district of National Capital Territory of Delhi. It is located near the Delhi Cantonment area and is easily accessible by road and Delhi Metro. A Delhi suburb that developed significantly in the 1980s, it is packed with apartment complexes functioning as group housing societies, built both privately as well as by the Delhi Development Authority. A large chunk of the population comprises Punjabis, mostly migrants to Delhi following the partition in 1947. The present geographical structure of Janakpuri constituency came into existence in 2008 as a part of the implementation of the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted in 2002. The main commercial centre is the Janakpuri District Centre which houses various regional offices of companies and firms as well as shops selling food, apparel, handicrafts and jewellery. There is a wide variety of shopping and dining options from branded shops and high end restaurants to small flea stalls and street side food vendors. A "crafts bazaar" within the complex is known for handicrafts and home decor items. Janakpuri is a part of the SouthWest Delhi Lok Sabha constituency along with nine other Vidhan Sabha segments, namely, Madipur, Rajouri Garden, Hari Nagar, Tilak Nagar, Uttam Nagar, Vikaspuri, Dwarka, Matiala and Najafgarh. The Delhi Metro has three metro stations in Janakpuri (Uttam Nagar East, Janakpuri East and Janakpuri West), all on the Dwarka-Noida line. Also, Under the third phase, Janak Puri got a new underground station, Dabri Mor near the DDA Park in C2 Area, on the Magenta Line (Janakpuri(W) - Botanical Garden) which has been opened for public on 29th May 2018. This corridor will have the first driverless train in Delhi Metro Network. Janakpuri West Metro Station has been expanded to accommodate the new Magenta Line. Janakpuri West Metro Station has India's Highest Escalators. It is 15.6 meters high (equivalent to a 5 storey building) and 35.3meters long. It is also well connected by the Outer Ring Road which connects it to parts of Northwest and North Delhi like Rohini,Pitampura and Wazirabad through elevated corridors. The Hari Nagar Bus Depot is located in the vicinity. Central Jail, Tihar was set up in 1958 on the land of Tihar Village in Janakpuri. In the beginning, only one Central Jail was commissioned with the lodging capacity of 1273 prisoners. The prison population gradually grew and today as many as 11000 odd inmates are lodged here. Tihar Prisons is the largest prison complex in Asia. The prison complex has nine central jails apart from a District Jail at Rohini, which was commissioned in 2004. </doc> <doc id="2339510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339510" title="La Strada"> La Strada La Strada () is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Federico Fellini from his own screenplay co-written with Tullio Pinelli and Ennio Flaiano. The film portrays a naïve young woman (Giulietta Masina) bought from her mother by a brutish strongman (Anthony Quinn) who takes her with him on the road. Fellini has called "La Strada" "a complete catalogue of my entire mythological world, a dangerous representation of my identity that was undertaken with no precedent whatsoever." As a result, the film demanded more time and effort than any of his other works, before or since. The development process was long and tortuous; there were various problems during production, including insecure financial backing, problematic casting, and numerous delays. Finally, just before the production completed shooting, Fellini suffered a nervous breakdown that required medical treatment so he could complete principal photography. Initial critical reaction was harsh, and the film's screening at the Venice Film Festival was the occasion of a bitter controversy that escalated into a public brawl between Fellini's supporters and detractors. Subsequently, however, "La Strada" has become "...one of the most influential films ever made," according to the American Film Institute. It won the inaugural Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1957. It was placed fourth in the 1992 British Film Institute directors' list of cinema's top 10 films. Gelsomina (Giulietta Masina), a young woman, learns that her sister Rosa has died after going on the road with the strongman Zampanò (Anthony Quinn). Now the man has returned a year later to ask her mother if Gelsomina will take Rosa's place. The mother accepts 10,000 lire, and her daughter departs the same day. Zampanò makes his living as an itinerant street performer, entertaining crowds by breaking an iron chain bound tightly across his chest, then passing the hat for tips. In short order, Gelsomina's naïve and antic nature emerges, with Zampanò's brutish methods presenting a callous foil. He teaches her to play the snare drum and trumpet, dance a bit, and clown for the audience. Despite her willingness to please, he intimidates her and treats her cruelly at times. Finally, she rebels and leaves, making her way into town. There she watches the act of another street entertainer, Il Matto ("The Fool"), a talented high wire artist and clown (Richard Basehart). When Zampanò finds her there, he forcibly takes her back. They join a ragtag travelling circus where Il Matto already works. Il Matto teases the strongman at every opportunity, though he cannot explain what motivates him to do so. After Il Matto drenches Zampanò with a pail of water, Zampanò chases after his tormentor with his knife drawn. As a result, he is briefly jailed, and both men are eventually fired from the travelling circus. Before Zampanò's release from prison, Il Matto proposes that there are alternatives to Gelsomina's servitude, and imparts his philosophy that everything and everyone has a purpose – even a pebble, even she. A nun suggests that Gelsomina's purpose in life is comparable to her own. But when Gelsomina offers Zampanò marriage, he brushes her off. On an empty stretch of road, Zampanò comes upon Il Matto fixing a flat tire. As Gelsomina watches in horror, the strongman strikes the clown on the head several times. Il Matto complains that his watch is broken, then collapses and dies. Zampanò hides the body and pushes the car off the road, where it bursts into flames. The killing breaks Gelsomina's spirit and she becomes apathetic. Finally Zampanò abandons her while she is taking a nap, leaving some clothes, money, and his trumpet. Some years later, he overhears a woman singing a tune Gelsomina often played. He learns that the woman's father had found Gelsomina on the beach and kindly taken her in. However, she had wasted away and died. Zampanò gets drunk and wanders to the beach, where he breaks down in tears. Fellini's creative process for "La Strada" started with vague feelings, "a kind of tone," he said, "that lurked, which made me melancholy and gave me a diffused sense of guilt, like a shadow hanging over me. This feeling suggested two people who stay together, although it will be fatal, and they don't know why." These feelings evolved into certain images: snow silently falling on the ocean, various compositions of clouds, and a singing nightingale. At that point, Fellini started to draw and sketch these images, a habitual tendency that he claimed he had learned early in his career when he had worked in various provincial music halls and had to sketch out the various characters and sets. Finally, he reported that the idea first "became real" to him when he drew a circle on a piece of paper to depict Gelsomina's head, and he decided to base the character on the actual character of Giulietta Masina, his wife of five years at the time: "I utilized the real Giulietta, but as I saw her. I was influenced by her childhood photographs, so elements of Gelsomina reflect a ten-year-old Giulietta." The idea for the character Zampanò came from Fellini's youth in the coastal town of Rimini. A pig castrator lived there who was known as a womanizer: according to Fellini, "This man took all the girls in town to bed with him; once he left a poor idiot girl pregnant and everyone said the baby was the devil's child." In 1992, Fellini told Canadian director Damian Pettigrew that he had conceived the film at the same time as co-scenarist Tullio Pinelli in a kind of "orgiastic synchronicity": Fellini wrote the script with collaborators Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli and brought it first to Luigi Rovere, Fellini's producer for "The White Sheik" (1952). When Rovere read the script for "La Strada", he began to weep, raising Fellini's hopes, only to have them dashed when the producer announced that the screenplay was like great literature, but that "as a film this wouldn't make a lira. It's not cinema." By the time it was fully complete, Fellini's shooting script was nearly 600 pages long, with every shot and camera angle detailed and filled with notes reflecting intensive research. Producer Lorenzo Pegoraro was impressed enough to give Fellini a cash advance, but would not agree to Fellini's demand that Giulietta Masina play Gelsomina. Fellini secured financing through the producers Dino De Laurentiis and Carlo Ponti, who wanted to cast Silvana Mangano (De Laurentiis' wife) as Gelsomina and Burt Lancaster as Zampanò, but Fellini refused these choices. Giulietta Masina had been the inspiration for the entire project, so Fellini was determined never to accept an alternative to her. For Zampanò, Fellini had hoped to cast a nonprofessional and, to that end, he tested a number of circus strongmen, to no avail. He also had trouble finding the right person for the role of Il Matto. His first choice was the actor Moraldo Rossi, who was a member of Fellini's social circle and had the right type of personality and athletic physique, but Rossi wanted to be the assistant director, not a performer. Alberto Sordi, the star of Fellini's earlier films "The White Sheik" and "I Vitelloni", was eager to take the role, and was bitterly disappointed when Fellini rejected him after a tryout in costume. Ultimately, Fellini drew his three leading players from people associated with the 1954 film "Donne Proibite (Angels of Darkness)", directed by Giuseppe Amato, in which Masina played the very different role of a madam. Anthony Quinn was also acting in the film, while Richard Basehart was often on the set visiting his wife, actress Valentina Cortese. When Masina introduced Quinn to her husband, the actor was disconcerted by Fellini's insistence that the director had found his Zampanò, later remembering: "I thought he was a little bit crazy, and I told him I wasn't interested in the picture, but he kept hounding me for days." Not long afterwards, Quinn spent the evening with Roberto Rossellini and Ingrid Bergman, and after dinner they watched Fellini's 1953 Italian comedy-drama "I Vitelloni". According to Quinn: "I was thunderstruck by it. I told them the film was a masterpiece, and that the same director was the man who had been chasing me for weeks." Fellini was particularly taken with Basehart, who reminded the director of Charlie Chaplin. Upon being introduced to Basehart by Cortese, Fellini invited the actor to lunch, at which he was offered the role of Il Matto. When asked why by the surprised Basehart, who had never before played the part of a clown, Fellini responded: "Because, if you did what you did in "Fourteen Hours" you can do anything." A great success in Italy, the 1951 Hollywood drama starred Basehart as a would-be suicide on a hotel balcony. Basehart, too, had been greatly impressed by "I Vitelloni", and agreed to take the role for much less than his usual salary, in part because he was very attracted by Fellini's personality, saying: "It was his zest for living, and his humor." The film was shot in Bagnoregio, Viterbo, Lazio, and Ovindoli, L'Aquila, Abruzzo. On Sundays, Fellini and Basehart drove around the countryside, scouting locations and looking for places to eat, sometimes trying as many as six restaurants and venturing as far away as Rimini before Fellini found the desired ambiance and menu. Production started in October 1953, but had to be halted within weeks when Masina dislocated her ankle during the convent scene with Quinn. With shooting suspended, De Laurentiis saw an opportunity to replace Masina, whom he had never wanted for the part and who had not yet been signed to a contract. This changed as soon as executives at Paramount viewed the rushes of the scene and lauded Masina's performance, resulting in De Laurentiis announcing that he had her on an exclusive and ordering her to sign a hastily prepared contract, at approximately a third of Quinn's salary. The delay caused the entire production schedule to be revised, and cinematographer Carlo Carlini, who had a prior commitment, had to be replaced by Otello Martelli, a long-time favorite of Fellini's. When filming resumed in February 1954, it was winter. The temperature had dropped to -5 °C, often resulting in no heat or hot water, necessitating more delays and forcing the cast and crew to sleep fully dressed and wear hats to keep warm. The new schedule caused a conflict for Anthony Quinn, who was signed to play the title role in "Attila", a 1954 epic, also produced by De Laurentiis and directed by Pietro Francisci. At first, Quinn considered withdrawing from "La Strada", but Fellini convinced him to work on both films simultaneously—shooting "La Strada" in the morning and "Attila" in the afternoon and evening. The plan often required the actor to get up at 3:30 am to capture the "bleak early light" that Fellini insisted on, and then leave at 10:30 to drive to Rome in his Zampanò outfit so he could be on the set in time to transform into Attila the Hun for afternoon shooting. Quinn recalled: "This schedule accounted for the haggard look I had in both films, a look that was perfect for Zampanò but scarcely OK for Attila the Hun." Despite an extremely tight budget, production supervisor Luigi Giacosi was able to rent a small circus run by a man named Savitri, a strongman and fire-eater who coached Quinn on circus jargon and the technical aspects of chain-breaking. Giacosi also secured the services of the Zamperla Circus, which supplied a number of stuntmen who could play themselves, including Basehart's double, a high-wire artist who refused to perform when firemen arrived with a safety net. Funding shortages required Giacosi to improvise in response to Fellini's demands. When filming continued into spring, Giacosi was able to re-create the wintry scenes by piling thirty bags of plaster onto all the bedsheets he could find to simulate a snowscape. When a crowd scene was required, Giacosi convinced the local priest to move up the 8 April celebration of the town's patron saint by a few days, thus securing the presence of some 4,000 unpaid extras. To guarantee that the crowd did not dissipate as the hours passed, Fellini instructed assistant director Rossi to shout, "Get the rooms ready for Totò and Sophia Loren," two of the most popular Italian entertainers of the period, so nobody left. Fellini was a notorious perfectionist, and this could be trying for his cast. At an American Film Institute student seminar, Quinn spoke of Fellini's intransigence over selecting a box in which Zampanò carries his cigarette butts, scrutinizing over 500 boxes before finding just the right one: "As for me, any of the boxes would have been satisfactory to carry the butts in, but not Federico". Quinn also recalled being particularly proud of a certain scene in which his performance had earned applause from onlookers on the set, only to receive a phone call from Fellini late that night informing him that they would have to re-do the entire sequence because Quinn had been too good: "You see, you're supposed to be a bad, a terrible actor, but the people watching applauded you. They should have laughed at you. So in the morning we do it again." As for Masina, Fellini insisted that she re-create the thin-lipped smile he had seen in her childhood photographs. He cut her hair by putting a bowl on her head and shearing off anything that wasn't covered up, afterwards plastering what remained with soap to give it a "spiky, untidy look," then "flicked talc into her face to give it the pallor of a kabuki performer." He made her wear a World War I surplus cloak that was so frayed its collar cut into her neck. She complained: "You're so nice and sweet to the others in the cast. Why are you so hard on me?" Under Fellini's agreement with his producers, budget overruns had to come out of his own pocket, cutting into any profit potential. Fellini recounted that when it became clear there was insufficient funding to finish the picture, Ponti and De Laurentiis took him to lunch to assure him that they would not hold him to it: "Let's pretend [the funding agreements] were a joke. Buy us a coffee and we'll forget about them." According to Quinn, however, Fellini was able to obtain this indulgence only by agreeing to film some pickup shots for "Attila" that Francisci, the director of record, had neglected to complete. While shooting the final scenes on the wharf of Fiumicino, Fellini suffered a severe bout of clinical depression, a condition that he and his associates tried to keep secret. He was able to complete the filming only upon receiving treatment by a prominent Freudian psychoanalyst. As was the common practice for Italian films at the time, shooting was done without sound; dialogue was added later along with music and sound effects. As a consequence, cast members generally spoke in their native language during filming: Quinn and Basehart in English, Masina and the others in Italian. Liliana Betti, Fellini's long-time assistant, has described the director's typical procedure regarding dialogue during filming, a technique he called the "number system" or "numerological diction": "Instead of lines, the actor has to count off numbers in their normal order. For instance, a line of fifteen words equals an enumeration of up to thirty. The actor merely counts till thirty: 1-2-3-4-5-6-7. etc." Biographer John Baxter has commented on the usefulness of such a system: "It helps pinpoint an instant in the speech where he [Fellini] wants a different reaction. 'Go back to 27,' he'll tell an actor, 'but this time, smile.'" Since he didn't need to worry about noise while shooting a scene, Fellini kept up a running commentary during filming, a practice that scandalized more traditional filmmakers, like Elia Kazan: "He talked through each take, in fact yelled at the actors. 'No, there, stop, turn, look at her, "look" at her. See how sad she is, see her tears? Oh, the poor wretch! You want to comfort her? Don't turn away; go to her. Ah, she doesn't want you, does she? What? Go to her anyway!' ... That's how he's able ... to use performers from many countries. He does part of the acting for the actors." Since Quinn and Basehart did not speak Italian, both were dubbed in the original release. Unhappy with the actor who initially dubbed Zampanò, Fellini remembered being impressed by the work done by Arnoldo Foà in dubbing the Toshiro Mifune character in the Italian version of Akira Kurosawa's "Rashomon", and was able to secure Foà's services at the very last moment. Composer Michel Chion has observed that Fellini particularly exploited the tendency of Italian films of the post-war period to allow considerable freedom in the synching of voices to lip movements, especially in contrast to Hollywood's perceived "obsessive fixation" with the matching of voices to mouths: "In Fellinian extremes, when all those post-synched voices float around bodies, we reach a point where voices--even if we continue to attribute them to the bodies they're assigned--begin to acquire a sort of autonomy, in a baroque and decentered fashion." In the Italian version of "La Strada", there are even instances when a character is heard to speak while the actor's mouth is shut tight. Fellini scholar Thomas Van Order has pointed out that Fellini is equally free in the treatment of ambient sound in his films, preferring to cultivate what Chion called, "a subjective sense of point of audition," in which what is heard on screen mirrors a particular character's perceptions, as opposed to the visible reality of the scene. As an example, ducks and chickens appear on the screen throughout Gelsomina's conversation with the nun, but, reflecting the girl's growing sense of enlightenment concerning her place in the world, the quacking and clucking of barnyard fowl dissolves into the chirping of songbirds. The visual track of the 1956 English-language version of "La Strada" was identical to the original Italian version, but the audio track was completely re-edited under the supervision of Carol and Peter Riethof at Titra Sound Studios in New York, without any involvement by Fellini. Thomas Van Order has identified dozens of changes made in the English version, classifying the alterations into four categories: "1. lower volume of music relative to dialogue in the English version; 2. new musical selections and different editing of music in many scenes; 3. different ambient sound in some scenes, as well as changes in the editing of ambient sound; 4. elimination of some dialogue." In the English version, Quinn and Basehart dubbed their own roles, but Masina was dubbed by another actress, a decision that has been criticised by Van Order and others, since, by trying to match the childlike movements of the character, the sound editors provided a voice that is "childishly high, squeaky and insecure". It cost $25,000 to dub "La Strada" into English, but after the film started to receive its many accolades, it was re-released in the United States on the art-house circuit in its Italian version, using subtitles. The entire score for "La Strada" was written by Nino Rota after principal photography was completed. The main theme is a wistful tune that appears first as a melody played by the Fool on a kit violin and later by Gelsomina on her trumpet. Its last cue in the penultimate scene is sung by the woman who tells Zampanò the fate of Gelsomina after he abandoned her. This is one of three primary themes that are introduced during the titles at the beginning of "La Strada" and that recur regularly throughout the film. To these are added a fourth recurring theme that appears in the very first sequence, after Gelsomina meets Zampanò, and is often interrupted or silenced in his presence, occurring less and less frequently and at increasingly lower volumes as the film progresses. Claudia Gorbman has commented on the use of these themes, which she deems true leitmotifs, each of which is not simply an illustrative or