three phases of passage from one culturally defined state or status to another..."preliminal", "liminal", and "postliminal"'. Beyond this structural template, Van Gennep also suggested four categories of rites that emerge as universal across cultures and societies. He suggested that there are four types of social rites of passage that are replicable and recognizable among many ethnographic populations. They include: Van Gennep considered rites of initiation to be the most typical rite. To gain a better understanding of "tripartite structure" of liminal situations, one can look at a specific rite of initiation: the initiation of youngsters into adulthood, which Turner considered the most typical rite. In such rites of passage, the experience is highly structured. The first phase (the rite of separation) requires the child to go through a separation from his family; this involves his/her "death" as a child, as childhood is effectively left behind. In the second stage, initiands (between childhood and adulthood) must pass a "test" to prove they are ready for adulthood. If they succeed, the third stage (incorporation) involves a celebration of the "new birth" of the adult and a welcoming of that being back into society. By constructing this three-part sequence, van Gennep identified a pattern he believed was inherent in all ritual passages. By suggesting that such a sequence is universal (meaning that all societies use rites to demarcate transitions), van Gennep made an important claim (one that not many anthropologists make, as they generally tend to demonstrate cultural diversity while shying away from universality). An anthropological rite, especially a rite of passage, involves some change to the participants, especially their social status.; and in 'the first phase (of separation) comprises symbolic behaviour signifying the detachment of the individual...from an earlier fixed point in the social structure. Their status thus becomes liminal. In such a liminal situation, "the initiands live outside their normal environment and are brought to question their self and the existing social order through a series of rituals that often involve acts of pain: the initiands come to feel nameless, spatio-temporally dislocated and socially unstructured". In this sense, liminal periods are "destructive" as well as "constructive", meaning that "the formative experiences during liminality will prepare the initiand (and his/her cohort) to occupy a new social role or status, made public during the reintegration rituals". Turner, who is considered to have "re-discovered the importance of liminality", first came across van Gennep's work in 1963. In 1967 he published his book "The Forest of Symbols", which included an essay entitled "Betwixt and Between: The Liminal Period in Rites of Passage". Within the works of Turner, liminality began to wander away from its narrow application to ritual passages in small-scale societies. In the various works he completed while conducting his fieldwork amongst the Ndembu in Zambia, he made numerous connections between tribal and non-tribal societies, "sensing that what he argued for the Ndembu had relevance far beyond the specific ethnographic context". He became aware that liminality "...served not only to identify the importance of in-between periods, but also to understand the human reactions to liminal experiences: the way liminality shaped personality, the sudden foregrounding of agency, and the sometimes dramatic tying together of thought and experience". 'The attributes of liminality or of liminal "personae" ("threshold people") are necessarily ambiguous'. One's sense of identity dissolves to some extent, bringing about disorientation, but also the possibility of new perspectives. Turner posits that, if liminality is regarded as a time and place of withdrawal from normal modes of social action, it potentially can be seen as a period of scrutiny for central values and axioms of the culture where it occurs.—one where normal limits to thought, self-understanding, and behavior are undone. In such situations, "the very structure of society [is] temporarily suspended" 'According to Turner, all liminality must eventually dissolve, for it is a state of great intensity that cannot exist very long without some sort of structure to stabilize it...either the individual returns to the surrounding social structure...or else liminal communities develop their own internal social structure, a condition Turner calls "normative communitas"'. The work of Victor Turner has vital significance in turning attention to this concept, introduced by Arnold van Gennep, a main intellectual opponent of Durkheim, who subsequently was diverted out of anthropological and sociological thinking. However, Turner's approach to liminality has two major shortcomings. First, partly due to criticism, Turner was keen to limit the meaning of the concept to the concrete settings of small-scale tribal societies, preferring the neologism coined by him, 'liminoid', to analyse certain features of the modern world, like theatre (Turner 1982). However, Agnes Horvath (2013) argues that the term can be applied to concrete historical events, and should be applied, as offering a vital means for historical and sociological understanding. Second, again staying too close to his own experiences, Turner attributed a rather univocally positive connotation to liminal situations, as ways of renewal. However, liminal situations can be, and in actual fact in modern era, rather quite different: periods of uncertainty, anguish, even existential fear: a facing of the abyss in void. Liminality has both spatial and temporal dimensions, and can be applied to a variety of subjects: individuals, larger groups (cohorts or villages), whole societies, and possibly even entire civilizations. The following chart summarizes the different dimensions and subjects of liminal experiences, and also provides the main characteristics and key examples of each category. Another significant variable is "scale," or the "degree" to which an individual or group experiences liminality. In other words, "there are degrees of liminality, and…the degree depends on the extent to which the liminal experience can be weighed against persisting structures." When the spatial and temporal are both affected, the intensity of the liminal experience increases and so-called "pure liminality" is approached. The concept of a liminal situation can also be applied to entire societies that are going through a crisis or a "collapse of order". Philosopher Karl Jaspers made a significant contribution to this idea through his concept of the "axial age", which was "an in-between period between two structured world-views and between two rounds of empire building; it was an age of creativity where 'man asked radical questions', and where the 'unquestioned grasp on life is loosened'". It was essentially a time of uncertainty which, most importantly, involved entire civilizations. Seeing as liminal periods are both destructive and constructive, the ideas and practices that emerge from these liminal historical periods are of extreme importance, as they will "tend to take on the quality of structure". Events such as political or social revolutions (along with other periods of crisis) can thus be considered liminal, as they result in the complete collapse of order and can lead to significant social change. Liminality in large-scale societies differs significantly from liminality found in ritual passages in small-scale societies. One primary characteristic of liminality (as defined van Gennep and Turner) is that there is a way in as well as a way out. In ritual passages, "members of the society are themselves aware of the liminal state: they know that they will leave it sooner or later, and have 'ceremony masters' to guide them through the rituals". However, in those liminal periods that affect society as a whole, the future (what comes after the liminal period) is completely unknown, and there is no "ceremony master" who has gone through the process before and that can lead people out of it. In such cases, liminal situations can become dangerous. They allow for the emergence of "self-proclaimed ceremony masters", that assume leadership positions and attempt to "[perpetuate] liminality and by emptying the liminal moment of real creativity, [turn] it into a scene of mimetic rivalry". Jungians have often seen the individuation process of self-realization as taking place within a liminal space. 'Individuation begins with a withdrawal from normal modes of socialisation, epitomized by the breakdown of the persona...liminality'. Thus "what Turner's concept of social liminality does for status in society, Jung...does for the movement of the person through the life process of individuation". Individuation can be seen as a "movement through liminal space and time, from disorientation to integration...What takes place in the dark phase of liminality is a process of breaking down...in the interest of "making whole" one's meaning, purpose and sense of relatedness once more'" As an archetypal figure, "the trickster is a symbol of the liminal state itself, and of its permanent accessibility as a source of recreative power". But other depth psychologies speak of a similar process. Carl Rogers describes "the 'out-of-this-world' quality that many therapists have remarked upon, a sort of trance-like feeling in the relationship that client and therapist emerge from at the end of the hour, as if from a deep well or tunnel. The French talk of how the analytic setting 'opens/forges the "intermediate space," "excluded middle," or "between" that figures so importantly in Irigaray's writing". Marion Milner claimed that "a temporal spatial frame also marks off the special kind of reality of a psycho-analytic session...the different kind of reality that is within it". Jungians however have perhaps been most explicit about the 'need to accord space, time and place for liminal feeling'—as well about the associated dangers, 'two mistakes: we provide no ritual space at all in our lives...or we stay in it too long'. Indeed, Jung's psychology has itself been described as 'a form of "permanent liminality" in which there is no need to return to social structure'. In the context of rites, liminality is being artificially produced, as opposed to those situations (such as natural disasters) in which it can occur spontaneously. In the simple example of a college graduation ceremony, the liminal phase can actually be extended to include the period of time between when the last assignment was finished (and graduation was assured) all the way through reception of the diploma. That no man's land represents the limbo associated with liminality. The stress of accomplishing tasks for college has been lifted, yet the individual has not moved on to a new stage in life (psychologically or physically). The result is a unique perspective on what has come before, and what may come next. It can include the period between when a couple get engaged and their marriage or between death and burial, for which cultures may have set ritual observances. Even sexually liberal cultures may strongly disapprove of an engaged spouse having sex with another person during this time. When a marriage proposal is initiated there is a liminal stage between the question and the answer during which the social arrangements of both parties involved are subject to transformation and inversion; a sort of "life stage limbo" so to speak in that the affirmation or denial can result in multiple and diverse outcomes. Getz provides commentary on the liminal/liminoid zone when discussing the planned event experience. He refers to a liminal zone at an event as the creation of "time out of time: a special place". He notes that this liminal zone is both spatial and temporal and integral when planning a successful event (e.g. ceremony, concert, conference etc.). The temporal dimension of liminality can relate to moments (sudden events), periods (weeks, months, or possibly years), and epochs (decades, generations, maybe even centuries). Twilight serves as a liminal time, between day and night—where one is 'in the twilight zone, in a liminal nether region of the night'. The title of the television fiction series "The Twilight Zone" makes reference to this, describing it as "the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition" in one variant of the original series' opening. The name is from an actual zone observable from space in the place where daylight or shadow advances or retreats about the Earth. Noon and, more often, midnight can be considered liminal, the first transitioning between morning and afternoon, the latter between days. Within the years, liminal times include equinoxes when day and night have equal length, and solstices, when the increase of day or night shifts over to its decrease. Where the quarter days are held to mark the change in seasons, they also are liminal times. New Year's Day, whatever its connection or lack of one to the astrological sky, is a liminal time. Customs such as fortune-telling take advantage of this liminal state. In a number of cultures, actions and events on the first day of the year can determine the year, leading to such beliefs as first-foot. Many cultures regard it as a time especially prone to hauntings by ghosts—liminal beings, neither alive nor dead. Liminal existence can be located in a separated "sacred space", which occupies a "sacred time". Examples in the Bible include the dream of Jacob (Genesis 28:12–19) where he encounters God between heaven and earth and the instance when Isaiah meets the Lord in the temple of holiness (Isaiah 6:1–6). In such a liminal space, the individual experiences the revelation of "sacred knowledge" where God imparts his knowledge on the person. Worship can be understood in this context as the church community (or "communitas" or "koinonia") enter into liminal space corporately. Religious symbols and music may aid in this process described as a pilgrimage by way of prayer, song, or liturgical acts. The congregation is transformed in the liminal space and as they exit, are sent out back into the world to serve. Various minority groups can be considered liminal. In reality illegal immigrants (present but not "official"), and stateless people, for example, are regarded as liminal because they are "betwixt and between home and host, part of society, but sometimes never fully integrated". Intersex or transgender people, bisexual people in most contemporary societies, people of mixed ethnicity, and those accused but not yet judged guilty or not guilty, are liminal. Teenagers, being neither children nor adults, are liminal people: indeed, "for young people, liminality of this kind has become a permanent phenomenon...Postmodern liminality". The "trickster as the mythic projection of the magician—standing in the "limen" between the sacred realm and the profane" and related archetypes embody many such contradictions as do many popular culture celebrities. The category could also hypothetically and in fiction include cyborgs, hybrids between two species, shapeshifters. One could also consider seals, crabs, shorebirds, frogs, bats, dolphins/whales and other "border animals" to be liminal: "the wild duck and swan are cases in point...intermediate creatures that combine underwater activity and the bird flight with an intermediate, terrestrial life". It should come as no surprise that these liminal creatures figure prominently in mythology as shapeshifters and spirit guides. The spatial dimension of liminality can include specific places, larger zones or areas, or entire countries and larger regions. Liminal places can range from borders and frontiers to no man's lands and disputed territories, to crossroads to perhaps airports or hotels, which people pass through but do not live in: arguably indeed all 'romantic travel enacts the three stages that characterize liminality: separation, marginalization, and reaggregation'. In mythology and religion or esoteric lore liminality can include such realms as Purgatory or Da'at, which, as well as signifying liminality, some theologians deny actually existing, making them, in some cases, doubly liminal. "Between-ness" defines these spaces. For a hotel worker (an insider) or a person passing by with disinterest (a total outsider), the hotel would have a very different connotation. To a traveller staying there, the hotel would function as a liminal zone, just as 'doors and windows and hallways and gates frame...the definitively liminal condition'. More conventionally, springs, caves, shores, rivers, volcanic calderas—'a huge crater of an extinct volcano...[as] another symbol of transcendence'—fords, passes, crossroads, bridges, and marshes are all liminal: '"edges", borders or faultlines between the legitimate and the illegitimate'. Oedipus (an adoptee and therefore liminal) met his father at the crossroads and killed him; the bluesman Robert Johnson met the devil at the crossroads, where he is said to have sold his soul. Major transformations occur at crossroads and other liminal places, at least partly because liminality—being so unstable—can pave the way for access to esoteric knowledge or understanding of both sides. Liminality is sacred, alluring, and dangerous. In contemporary culture viewing the nightclub experience (dancing in a nightclub) through the liminoid framework highlights the 'presence or absence of opportunities for social subversion, escape from social structures, and exercising choice'. This allows 'insights into what may be effectively improved in hedonic spaces. Enhancing the consumer experience of these liminoid aspects may heighten experiential feelings of escapism and play, thus encouraging the consumer to more freely consume'. There are a number of stories in folklore of those who could only be killed in a liminal space: Lleu could not be killed during the day or night, nor indoors or outdoors, nor riding or walking, nor clothed or naked (and is attacked at dusk, while wrapped in a net with one foot on a cauldron and one on a goat). Likewise, in Hindu text Bhagavat Purana, Vishnu appears in a half-man half-lion form named Narasimha to destroy the demon Hiranyakashipu who has obtained the power never to be killed in day nor night, in the ground nor in the air, with weapon nor by bare hands, in a building nor outside it, by man nor beast. Narasimha kills Hiranyakashipu at dusk, across his lap, with his sharp claws, on the threshold of the palace, and as Narasimha is a god himself, the demon is killed by neither man nor beast. In the Mahabharata, Indra promises not to slay Namuci and Vritra with anything wet or dry, nor in the day or in the night, but instead kills them at dusk with foam. Yet another example comes from Hayao Miyazaki's "Princess Mononoke" in which the Forest Spirit can only be killed while switching between its two forms. In ethnographic research, 'the researcher is...in a liminal state, separated from his own culture yet not incorporated into the host culture'—when he or she is both participating in the culture "and" observing the culture. The researcher must consider the self in relation to others and his or her positioning in the culture being studied. In many cases, greater participation in the group being studied can lead to increased access of cultural information and greater in-group understanding of experiences within the culture. However increased participation also blurs the role of the researcher in data collection and analysis. Often a researcher that engages in fieldwork as a "participant" or "participant-observer" occupies a liminal state where he/she is a part of the culture, but also separated from the culture as a researcher. This liminal state of being betwixt and between is emotional and uncomfortable as the researcher uses self-reflexivity to interpret field observations and interviews. Some scholars argue that ethnographers are present in their research, occupying a liminal state, regardless of their participant status. Justification for this position is that the researcher as a "human instrument" engages with his/her observations in the process of recording and analyzing the data. A researcher, often unconsciously, selects what to observe, how to record observations and how to interpret observations based on personal reference points and experiences. For example, even in selecting what observations are interesting to record, the researcher must interpret and value the data available. To explore the liminal state of the researcher in relation to the culture, self-reflexivity and awareness are important tools to reveal researcher bias and interpretation. "Rant: An Oral Biography of Buster Casey" is a US novel by Chuck Palahniuk from 2007 that makes use of liminality in explaining time travel. "Possession" is a romance by A. S. Byatt, which describes how postmodern 'Literary theory. Feminism...write about liminality. Thresholds. Bastions. Fortresses'. "The Twilight Saga" is a book series by Stephanie Meyer that was turned into film series. Each book title speaks of a liminal period ("Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse", and "Breaking Dawn"). In the children's story "The Phantom Tollbooth" (1961), Milo enters "The Lands Beyond", a liminal place (which explains its topsy-turvy nature), through a magical tollbooth. When he finishes his quest, he returns, but changed, seeing the world differently. The giver of the tollbooth is never seen and name never known, and hence, also remains liminal. In "Offshore", a British novel by Penelope Fitzgerald, the characters live between sea and land on docked boats, becoming liminal people; as such, liminality is a major theme in the novel. Bellow's varied uses of liminality...include his "Dangling Man", suspended between civilian life and the armed forces' at 'the onset of the dangling days'. Charlotte Brönte's widely-read "Jane Eyre" follows the protagonist through different stages of life as she crosses the threshold from student to teacher to woman. Her existence throughout the novel is liminal and can first be seen when she hides herself behind a large red curtain to read, closing herself off physically and existing in a paracosmic realm. At Gateshead, Jane is noted to be set apart and on the outside of the family, putting her in a liminal space in which she neither belongs nor is completely cast away. Jane's existence emerges as paradoxical as she transcends commonly accepted beliefs about what it means to be a woman, orphan, child, victim, criminal, and pilgrim and creates her own narrative as she is torn from her past and denied a sure future. Faced with a series of crises, Jane's circumstances question social constructs and allow Jane to act to progress or retract; as a result, a narrative dynamic of structure and liminality (as coined by Turner). Karen Brooks states that Australian grunge lit books, such as Clare Mendes' "Drift Street", Edward Berridge's "The Lives of the Saints", and Andrew McGahan's "Praise" "...explor[e] the psychosocial and psychosexual limitations of young sub/urban characters in relation to the imaginary and socially constructed boundaries defining...self and other" and "opening up" new "liminal [boundary] spaces" where the concept of an abject human body can be explored. Brooks states that Berridge's short stories provide "...a variety of violent, disaffected and often abject young people", characters who "...blur and often overturn" the boundaries between suburban and urban space. Brooks states that the marginalized characters in "The Lives of the Saints", "Drift Street" and "Praise") are able to stay in "shit creek" (an undesirable setting or situation) and "diver[t]... flows" of these "creeks", thus claiming their rough settings' "liminality" (being in a border situation or transitional setting) and their own "abjection" (having "abject bodies" with health problems, disease, etc.) as "sites of symbolic empowerment and agency". Brooks states that the story "Caravan Park" in Berridge's short story collection is an example of a story with a "liminal" setting, as it is set in a mobile home park; since mobile homes can be relocated, she states that setting a story in a mobile home "...has the potential to disrupt a range of geo-physical and psycho-social boundaries". Brooks states that in Berridge's story "Bored Teenagers", the adolescents using a community drop-in centre decide to destroy its equipment and defile the space by urinating in it, thus "altering the dynamics of the place and the way" their bodies are perceived, with their destructive activities being deemed by Brooks to indicate the community centre's "loss of authority" over the teens. "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead", a play by Tom Stoppard, takes place both in a kind of no-man's-land and the actual setting of "Hamlet". "Shakespeare's play "Hamlet" is in several ways an essay in sustained liminality ... only via a condition of complete liminality can Hamlet finally see the way forward". In the play "Waiting for Godot" for the entire length of the play, two men walk around restlessly on an empty stage. They alternate between hope and hopelessness. At times one forgets what they are even waiting for, and the other reminds him: "We are waiting for Godot". The identity of 'Godot' is never revealed, and perhaps the men do not know Godot's identity. The men are trying to keep up their spirits as they wander the empty stage, waiting. "The Twilight Zone" (1959–2003) is a US television anthology series that explores unusual situations between reality and the paranormal. "The Terminal" (2004), is a US film in which the main character (Viktor Navorski) is trapped in a liminal space; since he can neither legally return to his home country Krakozhia nor enter the United States, he must remain in the airport terminal indefinitely until he finds a way out at the end of the film. In the film "Waking Life", about dreams, Aklilu Gebrewold talks about liminality. "Liminal Space" is an album by American breakcore artist Xanopticon. Coil mention liminality throughout their works, most explicitly with the title of their song "Batwings (A Limnal Hymn)" "(sic)" from their album Musick to Play in the Dark Vol. 2. In ".hack//Liminality" where Harald Hoerwick, the creator of the MMORPG "The World", attempted to bring the real world into the online world, creating a hazy barrier between the two worlds; a concept called "Liminality". In 1974, Victor Turner coined the term "liminoid" to refer to experiences that have characteristics of liminal experiences but are optional and do not involve a resolution of a personal crisis. A graduation ceremony might be regarded as liminal while attending a rock concert might be understood to be liminoid. The liminal is part of society, an aspect of social or religious rite, while the liminoid is a break from society, part of "play" or "playing". Turner stated that liminal rites are rare and diminished in industrial societies, and 'forged the concept of "liminoid" rituals for analogous but secular phenomena' such as attending rock concerts and other—liminoid experiences. </doc> <doc id="2345078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345078" title="American Boy Scouts"> American Boy Scouts The American Boy Scouts (ABS), officially American Boy Scout then United States Boy Scouts, officially United States Boy Scout, was an early American Scouting organization formed by William Randolph Hearst in 1910, following on from the formation of the Scouting movement by Robert Baden-Powell between 1903 and 1907. Near the end of its existence, the organizations also used the names American Cadets and U.S. Junior Military Forces. The ABS was the rival of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) similar to the situation in the United Kingdom with Baden Powell's Boy Scouts and the British Boys Scouts who did not like the militarism of early British Scouting. For the most part there were only minor differences between the ABS and the BSA despite the BSA's charges that the ABS was drilling Scouts with rifles and Scouts were soliciting funds in uniforms. Among the objectives of the organization was to prepare boys for the obligations and duties of citizenship. In May 1910, Hearst called an organizational meeting to form a new Scouting group. Hearst was aware of the Boy Scouts of America, formed months earlier by rival publisher William D. Boyce but pursued his own vision of Scouting and incorporated the ABS in June 1910 in New York along with James F. McGrath and James R. O'Beirne. Edgar M. Robinson and Ernest Seton requested that Hearst unite the ABS with the BSA but were rejected. In June 1910, the ABS started organizing the Department of New England which was operational in August or September under Chief Department Scout General William H. Oakes. Additional departments were also formed: Atlantic (New York City), Middle West (Chicago), Northwest (San Francisco) and Southwest (Los Angeles). The national committee members were also the officers of the Atlantic Department with Hearst as president, Jefferson M. Levy first vice president, Charles P. Devare second vice president, James R. O'Beirne treasurer and James F. McGrath secretary. The honorary vice presidents and founders included Col John Jacob Astor, William K Vanderbilt Jr., Major General Fred D. Grant, Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles, General EA McAlpin, and Lieutenant General Adna R Chaffee. The American Boy Scouts of Rhode Island was founded by Charles E. Mulhearn on August 29, 1910, with the meeting of an executive committee. The next day, the Rhode Island committee requested a charter from the ABS New England Department Headquarters. Hearst had conflicts with the ABS directors over the methods of financing and the improper and unauthorized use of his name for the solicitation of money. He also expressed his disdain at fund raisers being allowed to keep 40% of funds raised without his knowledge. Hearst and other leaders resigned in December 1910. General James O'Beirne, the ABS treasurer, replaced Hearst as president. Hearst referred the matter to the District Attorney which the organization claimed was over Hearst's dismissal. A grand jury was formed and the ABS indicated that they would sue Hearst for making a false statement. Citing ABS mismanagement, the New England Division left the ABS in 1910 and formed the New England Boy Scouts. On March 12, 1911, the Rhode Island group voted to break away from the American Boy Scouts and formed the Rhode Island Boy Scouts. The ABS joined the Order of World Scouts in 1911. In August 1911, General Edwin A. McAlpin was elected national president and Chief Scout. In March 1912, an ABS Scout in uniform shot and killed a boy with a rifle after a Scout function. Remington Arms designed the 4S Boy Scout Rifle and advertised it as the "Official Rifle of the American Boy Scouts" and sold it from 1913 to 1914. The American Boy Scouts were often confused with the Boy Scouts of America, which sometimes caused problems with fund raising and misattributed publicity. The ABS board of directors voted in October 1913 to change the name of the organization to the United States Boy Scout (USBS), primarily to prevent the confusion. In 1915, BSA President Livingston claimed that the USBS carried guns as part of the program. In 1916, the USBS sought but did not receive a federal charter. After the BSA received a federal charter in 1916, Chief Scout Executive James E. West pressed the USBS to change its name without success. The BSA filed a lawsuit for an injunction order to restrain the USBS from using the term "Boy Scout" in 1917. L.W. Amerman, executive officer and treasurer, acknowledged that the USBS was a more military organization than the ABS. It was also alleged that the USBS had used the names of prominent men on its letterhead, such as Elbert Henry Gary, in their fund raising efforts without permission and that donations or endorsements were made to the USBS in the mistaken belief that they were the BSA. The BSA was represented by Charles Evans Hughes, former Governor of New York and former U.S. Supreme Court Justice. Testimony included an affidavit from Robert Baden-Powell, founder of the international Scout Movement, on the origins of the Scout Movement. In 1919, the New York Supreme Court, a trial court, granted the BSA an injunction and the USBS was barred from using the terms "Boy Scout", "Scout", "Scouting", or any variation thereof. The organization changed its name and carried on for a few more years as the American Cadets and the U.S. Junior Military Forces before finally dissolving. </doc> <doc id="2345081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345081" title="Super Taboo"> Super Taboo Super Taboo, originally titled , is a sexually-explicit Japanese manga about incest fantasy, by . The manga is about a high school student Yuu Sakagami who, raised separately, is reunited with his mother, Misako, and his sister, Eri, who both become infatuated with him. When Yuu becomes sexually aroused his inner demons take over and he is unable to control his actions, and the women in his family, his English teacher from America, and a female neighbor (who is later revealed to be the boy's aunt), are quick to take advantage of this. The situations and humor are similar to the non-sexual manga, "Ranma ½", but nearly always have a sexual focus. Yuu starts out having slept with his sister Eri, but eventually one night he and both his mother and sister get drunk and they have a threesome. The insanity continues when Yuu gets disgusted with what he is doing and leaves the house, only to be taken in by his English professor, who seduces him. This ends with him swearing to give up sex because of how he gives in to his dark desires. Next we find Yuu and Eri making wishes for what appears to be New Year's, Yuu wanting to "get it on" with a woman, Miss Sakura. Eri later witnesses said woman having sex with a man, but doesn't tell Yuu. Yuu decides to get his fortune told, and it comes back with these words; "Doom. Death. Defeat. Despair." Also it has a tiny message at the bottom; "sorry, kid". Next we see an encounter between Yuu and Misako, in which Yuu is eating food made by Misako. Misako is wearing nothing under her apron, and tries to seduce Yuu. Yuu tries in vain to keep from getting aroused, but Misako sits on his lap and that's that. Yuu envisions his "reason" getting run over by a train marked "instinct" and it's off to the races again. Yuu and Misako have sex, after which Yuu looks in horror on what happened and comments that he's going to hell. Yuu and Eri next arrive home to find their mother passed out after a session of phone sex with her boyfriend. This ends with Eri seducing Yuu again and Yuu giving in once more. Next, Yuu has an encounter with the woman next door, who has the nickname "virgin killer". She mistakes Yuu for a virgin and seduces him using special chocolates. Yuu gives in to instinct again and has sex with her. During her climax it is revealed that the woman next door is actually his aunt. When Yuu gets home, Eri accosts him with an even larger batch of more potent love chocolates. Yuu then has another encounter with his Mom, Misako, in which it should be noted she forces his darker side to stay active so she can have sex with him. Yuu has sex with Eri again, in which he violates her against her will and hurts her pretty badly. Misako talks with Yuu and it is revealed that Yuu's dad had the same problem Yuu does, and that it why he's not around anymore. Misako implores Yuu to keep control saying that it is all a matter of willpower. Yuu ponders this and envisions a battle within his mind between Reason and Instinct, both attractive women in this vision, the actual "battle" being a lesbian scene between the two. Yuu eventually chooses Reason, and he defeats his dark side. He wakes up and Misako tells him he has won, but soon realizes the regular Yuu is a virgin. She teaches him all about sex in a last encounter, and Yuu goes back to being himself. The story ends with Yuu stating how far he is come since that time, and admitting that he and Eri still have sex. One of the most cited hentai titles about incest, "Super Taboo" is the name given by the English translation of the manga "Super Family Complex". "Super Family Complex", whose abbreviation is a pun on "Super Famicom", the original name of the Super Nintendo, was originally published in Japan into two "tankōbon" volumes by Fujimi Publishing between 1993 and 1994. An English translation was released in twelve issues published between 1995 and 1996 by Fantagraphics Books through its Eros Comix imprint. The series was republished into two collected editions by Fantagraphics between 1998 and 1999. Fantagraphics also published two related series, "Super Taboo Extreme" and "Super Taboo XXX", each in a series of five issues published in 2001 and 2006, respectively. The latter was forbidden to be acquired in Canada by its Border Services Agency because it qualifies as obscene under Canada's Criminal Code. Both series, originally titled and , were originally published in a single volume each in 1999 and 2002, respectively. "Bakara" was republished by Fujimi Publishing in 2014. Derek Guder, writing for "", affirmed "the art and the sex are both extremely simple", comparing its character designs to a Sunday paper's one. However he praised it mainly because of its humor sense that makes it stands out and keeps it "from being just a simply drawn romp between family members". Timothy Perper and Martha Cornog in "Sexuality & Culture" said "Super Taboo" and "Super Taboo Extreme"s "plots have no relationship to the realities of incest, but present an amused and sardonic vision of the foibles and powers of sexual desire". They also argue that "the humor serves to reduce reader anxiety about prohibited desires at the same time the fantasy setting makes it clear that one should not—and need not—emulate the characters". </doc> <doc id="2345088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345088" title="Jesus' Son (film)"> Jesus' Son (film) Jesus' Son is a 1999 drama film that was adapted from the eponymous short story collection by Denis Johnson. The film stars Billy Crudup, Samantha Morton, Holly Hunter, and Dennis Hopper, with Denis Leary, Will Patton, John Ventimiglia, Michael Shannon, and Jack Black in supporting roles. It was awarded the Little Golden Lion award and the Ecumenical Award at the 1999 Venice Film Festival, and was named one of the top ten films of the year by "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", and Roger Ebert, among others. The screenplay was written by Elizabeth Cuthrell, David Urrutia, and Oren Moverman, directed by Alison Maclean, and produced by Elizabeth Cuthrell, David Urrutia, and Lydia Pilcher for Evenstar Films. It was distributed in the United States by Lions Gate Entertainment. The title is taken from the lyrics of "Heroin", a 1966 song by The Velvet Underground. </doc> <doc id="2345090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345090" title="USS Shirk (DD-318)"> USS Shirk (DD-318) USS "Shirk" (DD-318) was a "Clemson"-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for James W. Shirk. "Shirk" was laid down on 13 February 1919 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, San Francisco, California; launched on 20 June 1919; sponsored by Miss Ida Lawlor Dunnigan; and commissioned on 5 February 1921, Lieutenant Commander G. M. Ravenscroft in command. "Shirk" arrived in her homeport, San Diego, California, on 7 March 1921 and, after three weeks of exercises, was placed in reserve there until October. She conducted exercises off San Diego from late in the year until sailing with the fleet on 27 June 1922 for exercises off Puget Sound. The ship returned to San Diego on 19 September and resumed operations there. "Shirk" departed San Diego on 6 February 1923 with the fleet and participated in combined exercises off Panama from 26 February to 31 March. Returning to San Diego on 11 April, she underwent overhaul at Mare Island from 9 July to 1 September and resumed operations at San Diego on 9 September. She sailed again with the fleet on 2 January 1924 and transited the Panama Canal on 19 January. Between 23 January and 3 February, she called at Veracruz, Mexico (where the cruiser had been wrecked on 16 January), and at Tampico, before rejoining the fleet at Culebra on 10 February. On 1 March, she departed the Canal Zone for Mare Island, where she was overhauled between 19 March and 7 May. Between 26 June and 12 July, she acted as plane guard for aircraft flying from San Diego to Seattle and rejoined the fleet in Puget Sound on 13 July. She returned to San Diego on 1 October. On 27 April 1925, "Shirk" arrived at Pearl Harbor with the United States Fleet for combined exercises. On 1 July, the Battle Fleet sailed on a goodwill cruise to the Southwest Pacific, and "Shirk" visited Melbourne; Lyttelton and Wellington; and American Samoa before returning to San Diego on 26 September. She was overhauled at Mare Island from 11 January to 26 February 1926 and operated out of San Diego until departing on 14 June for summer exercises off Washington. She returned to San Diego on 1 September 1926 and again received repairs at Mare Island from 30 December 1926 to 4 February 1927. On 7 February 1927, "Shirk" sailed from San Diego and participated in exercises off Panama and, after transiting the Canal on 5 March, operated in the Caribbean with the fleet. She departed the Caribbean on 22 April and visited New York, and conducted a joint Army and Navy exercise in Narragansett Bay before arriving at Hampton Roads on 29 May 1927 for the Presidential review. She arrived in the Panama Canal Zone on 9 June 1927 for duty off Nicaragua with the Special Service Squadron, protecting lives and property of American and other foreign nationals there supporting peacekeeping operations. She patrolled off Nicaragua from 1 July to 23 July, and returned to San Diego on 23 August. During operations off San Diego, she rescued a disabled man on SS "Georgian" and carried him into port on 29 August. "Shirk" underwent overhaul at Mare Island from 26 February to 11 April 1928 and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 28 April with the fleet, having participated in Fleet Problem VIII en route. She returned to San Diego on 23 June and operated there for the rest of the year. Between 27 January and 6 February 1929, she participated in fleet exercises off Panama, and then underwent overhaul at Mare Island from 24 February to 20 June. She then operated at San Diego until she was decommissioned there on 8 February 1930. "Shirk" was struck from the Navy list on 22 July 1930, scrapped at Mare Island, and her hulk sold there on 27 January 1931 to P. J. Willett. As of 2012, no other U.S. Navy ship has been named "Shirk". </doc> <doc id="2345094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345094" title="Bizan Kawakami"> Bizan Kawakami Aozora Bunko has a digitalized collection of his works. </doc> <doc id="2345095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345095" title="Liminal"> Liminal Liminal is an English adjective, "on the threshold", from Latin "līmen", plural "limina", "threshold". Liminality is the abstract noun formed from "liminal". Articles: </doc> <doc id="2345096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345096" title="Club 9 de Octubre"> Club 9 de Octubre Asociación Deportiva Nueve de Octubre, simply referred to as Nueve (9) de Octubre, is a sports club based in Guayaquil, Ecuador. The club is best known for its football team. The club was found on April 18, 1926 as Club 9 de Octubre. The club's name commemorates the date the region of Guayas, with its seat in Guayaquil declared their independence from Spain (October 9). During its amateur years, the football team won two Guayas champions in 1940 and 1946. The team turned professional in 1962, and participated in the national championship that same year. The following year, the club was runner-up in the professional Guayas tournament. In 1965, the team was national runner-up, which allowed them to participate in their first Copa Libertadores. They achieved back-to-back runners-up in 1983 and 1984, and is seen as the peak of the club's football success. Since then, the team has descended in the Ecuadorian football league system to the third level of football, the Segunda Categoría. </doc> <doc id="2345102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345102" title="Alien (1982 video game)"> Alien (1982 video game) Alien is a video game for the Atari 2600 published by 20th Century Fox in 1982. Based on the 1979 film, "Alien" is a maze game, that resembles "Pac-Man" far more than it does anything from the film. It was the first officially licensed game of the "Alien" film series. The player controls a member of the human crew pursued by three aliens in the hallways of a ship. The goal is to destroy the alien eggs laid in the hallways (like the dots in "Pac-Man"). The player is armed with a flamethrower which can temporarily immobilize the aliens. Additionally, "pulsars" (like the power pills in "Pac-Man") occasionally appear which turn the tables, allowing the human to overpower the aliens. </doc> <doc id="2345108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345108" title="Steven Strait"> Steven Strait Steven Strait (born March 23, 1986) is an American musician, actor, and fashion model. Strait, was born and raised in Greenwich Village, New York City, New York, the son of Jean (née Viscione) and Richard Dyer Strait. His ancestry is half English and half Italian. He attended Village Community School, Xavier High School and took classes at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting. Strait was married to actress Lynn Collins from December 23, 2007 until 2013. During his teen years, Strait modeled for several magazines, including "L'uomo Vogue", "Spoon" magazine, "Details", "Surface", "Hollister Co.", and "Pop" magazine, and worked with photographers Bruce Weber, Herb Ritts, and Ellen von Unwerth. Weber featured Strait in his 2001 book, "All-American: Short Stories". Strait began taking acting lessons at the age of eleven. In the sixth grade, he began to take performing classes at the Village Community School. Although forced into it at first, he found a passion for acting after he performed live for the first time. He has worked at both the Stella Adler Acting Studio and the Black Nexxus Acting Studio in New York City. In 2004, he moved to California to pursue a career in acting. After his first audition, he received an acting job, and in 2005, he appeared in his first film, "Sky High", where he played a teenage superhero named Warren Peace. He covered The Fixx's song "One Thing Leads to Another" for the film's soundtrack. His next film starring role was in "Undiscovered", about young singers and actors in the entertainment industry who want to become stars. In 2006, he starred as Caleb Danvers in the supernatural thriller film "The Covenant", which opened on September 8. Strait appeared opposite Camilla Belle in "10,000 BC", a film about prehistoric Earth, released in March 2008. He played a young mammoth hunter, D'Leh, as he travels through unknown lands on a quest to rescue his people from slavery. Strait appeared in the 2008 film "Stop-Loss" as Michael Colson. In 2009, he played Tony, the son of Andy Garcia's character, in the film "City Island". In November 2010, he guest starred on the NBC series "Chase" as Jackson Cooper, a fugitive with a dark past who manipulates his teenage girlfriend with promises of freedom from her father and a life filled with romance and adventure. From 2012 to 2013, Strait co-starred on the Starz series "Magic City", which centered on Miami mobsters and other characters from Miami Beach in the late 1950s. Strait played the son of Jeffrey Dean Morgan's character, Ike Evans. In 2012, Strait played Freddy in the sci-fi thriller "After". The story centered on two bus crash survivors who wake to discover that they are the only people left in their small town. In 2014, Strait was cast in the lead role of James "Jim" Holden in the Syfy science fiction series "The Expanse", which began airing in December 2015. After two successful seasons, The Expanse began filming the third season on July 12, 2017. Strait has signed to Lakeshore Records and is scheduled to record and release a full-length solo album. He also contributed seven songs to the "Undiscovered" soundtrack. </doc> <doc id="2345109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345109" title="Camino Palmero"> Camino Palmero Camino Palmero is the debut studio album recorded by American alternative band The Calling, It was released by RCA Records on July 10, 2001 (see 2001 in music). It contains their hit single "Wherever You Will Go". The title of the album comes from a Los Angeles street where band members Alex Band and Aaron Kamin first met. The record has many grunge influences and also has a lot of guitar solos. "Camino Palmero" peaked at number 36 on "Billboard" 200 and was certified Gold by RIAA. The album was also certified Gold in Canada in November 2002 after sold more than 50,000 units. The album also did well on several International charts, among others it made number 12 in UK, number 16 in Italy and topped the charts in Mexico, holding 1× Diamond status plus 3× Platinum. World sales of the album are estimated at approximately 5 million. In Brazil, it has been certified Platinum by ABPD. The album deals with romantic love, relationships, break up and betrayal. The coverart of the album represents the platforms 5 and 6 of the Santa Maria Novella railway station in Florence, Italy. "Camino Palmero" garnered mostly negative reviews from music critics. Johan Wippsson of "Melodic" saw potential in the band based on "Wherever You Will Go" and an amount of constant energy throughout the album despite generic lyrics about relationships, concluding with, "Except for that this is a very impressing debut from a group that have all the chances to be the next Lifehouse." Bob Waliszewski of "Plugged In" commended the album for delivering positive messages of forgiveness and self-realization but found it a little indulgent in its unsavoury delights, concluding that ""Camino Palmero" acknowledges God, celebrates lifelong love and speaks up for the destitute. But several cuts show bad form in their approach to women by modeling lust, bitterness and sexual immorality." David Browne, writing for "Entertainment Weekly", said that despite checking off all the requirements of arena rock he criticized Alex Band for writing songs that are self-indulgent in their tales of on-and-off again relationships, saying that "The Calling are so stiflingly earnest that their love song playing off the "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" catchphrase – "Final Answer" – is dead serious." Hannah Hamilton of "Hot Press" panned the album for its overly simplistic musicianship and lyrics about unoriginal romances, calling it "a mild, meek, pathetic excuse for a record that goes nowhere, says nothing and charges you twenty euro for the pleasure. Guilty? Oh hell yes." Credits adapted from the "Camino Palmero" liner notes. The Calling Additional musicians Technical </doc> <doc id="2345111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345111" title="Lelystad Airport"> Lelystad Airport Lelystad Airport is an airport south southeast of the city of Lelystad in the Netherlands. It is the biggest general aviation airport in the Netherlands. The first flights were in 1971 and it became an official airport in 1973. Schiphol Group became owner of the airport in 1993. It is home to the aviation museum Aviodrome, which has a former KLM Boeing 747-200 on display. In 1966 it was decided that the newly created Flevopolder required a central airport. A suitable location with room for future expansion was found to the south of Lelystad. The first flights from this location took place in 1971, but it was not until 1973 that it received official status as an airport. At first Lelystad had grass taxi- and runways, but it was found that the clay could not support the traffic, as tracks started to form. Because of the often poor condition of the terrain, the airport suffered from frequent closure. To resolve this problem, in 1978 the first of the taxiways was hardened and in 1981 the runway was hardened. In 1991 the runway length was increased to , to try to attract more business aircraft. In 1993 the Schiphol Group became the owner of the airport. The Aviodrome museum moved to Lelystad Airport from Schiphol in 2003. Local flying school "AIS Flight Academy" started an airline in 2009, AIS Airlines, and is still headquartered at Lelystad Airport, although they do not operate any scheduled flights from Lelystad. Because of the museum, various aviation events are frequently held at the airport. An expansion of the airport is underway. The runway (05-23) is in 2017 extended to a total length of 2700 meters with a TORA of 2460 meters and a ASDA of 2700 meters. Long enough to facilitate all aircraft of the Boeing 737 and Airbus 320 families, but also suitable for operations with wide bodies like the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 although not at maximum take off weight. The ILS (instrument landing system) was tested in June 2018. The new terminal will be built in phases, easily expandable when the airport grows. In 2018 the terminal building will be finished, capable of handling 25.000 flights per year. The building can be doubled on the RDW-location, capable of handling eventually up to 45.000 flights (7 - 8 million passengers per year). The same strategy is used for the airside apron with the aircraft stands, starting with 4 stands and ending up at 12 stands or more. The number of allowed aircraft movements is much discussed in the Netherlands and will start the first year of operation at only 4,000 per year, which means only around 11 movements daily. In 2021 7000 flights are allowed, in 2022 10.000. The air routes are not capable for more flights, because of Amsterdam Schiphol air routes. In 2023 the air routes to all Dutch airports will be changed to make more flights to Lelystad Airport possible. The low maximums for the first years are expected to be discussed much more in the upcoming months/years as the demand is much higher than that because of the fast growth of air travel to the Netherlands. Other airports, like Amsterdam Schiphol, Rotterdam and Eindhoven, are already reaching their maximum allowed number of flights. Discussion includes raising the number of allowed flights to Amsterdam Schiphol airport of 500.000. Legally Lelystad airport is allowed up to 45,000 movements of passenger flights in total in the future. General aviation flights do not count for this maximum of Lelystad Airport. The airport will have its own exit from the A6 motorway, which connects with Amsterdam, with travel times around 40–45 minutes when traffic allows. A public bus service also takes travellers to the train station Lelystad Centrum where trains run frequently in the direction of Amsterdam (6 trains each hour), Schiphol Airport and The Hague (4 trains each hour), Zwolle, and Groningen. The number of intercity trains to Amsterdam and Schiphol will be raised to six each hour in a few years. Parking lots with a capacity of 3,000 cars are planned for the first phase and will be close to the terminal. In the future more parking lots will be constructed at the RDW-location next to the airport. A 10 year concession for all handling (landside and airside) is awarded to Viggo, a Dutch handling company which runs all handling at Eindhoven Airport successfully for many years. The expansion of Lelystad Airport was driven by the fact that the main airport in the Netherlands, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, is at its maximum allowed aircraft movements of 500.000 and will need to focus on transfers passengers by the KLM group and partners and freight flights. Lelystad Airport is designed to handle passengers who have Amsterdam/The Netherlands as their destination. Therefore, Transavia and Ryanair already expressed interest in operating from the airport. Dutch tour operator Corendon also wants to fly from Lelystad Airport, starting with one airplane having its base at the airport. It is to be expected that the airport will offer mostly Citytrip and holiday destinations. </doc> <doc id="2345127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345127" title="Isabel of Conches"> Isabel of Conches Isabel of Conches, (fl. 1090) wife of Ralph of Tosny, rode armed like a knight during a conflict in northern France during the late 11th century. Orderic Vitalis described Isabel of Conches, daughter of Simon I de Montfort, as brave as "several Amazons and the legendary Camilla, who fought as ally of the Italian king Turnus in the Aeneid." </doc> <doc id="2345145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345145" title="Salim Hamdan"> Salim Hamdan Salim Ahmed Hamdan () (born February 25, 1968) is a Yemeni man, captured during the invasion of Afghanistan, declared by the United States government to be an illegal enemy combatant and held as a detainee at Guantanamo Bay from 2002 to November 2008. He admits to being Osama bin Laden's personal driver and said he needed the money. He was originally charged by a military tribunal with "conspiracy and providing material support for terrorism," but the process of military tribunals was challenged in a case that went to the US Supreme Court. In "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" (2006), the Court ruled that the military commissions as set up by the United States Department of Defense were flawed and unconstitutional. DOD continued to hold Hamdan as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo. After passage of the Military Commissions Act of 2006, Hamdan was tried on revised charges beginning July 21, 2008, the first of the detainees to be tried under the new system. He was found guilty of "providing material support" to al Qaeda, but was acquitted by the jury of terrorism conspiracy charges. He was sentenced to five-and-a-half years of imprisonment by the military jury, which credited him for his detention as having already served five years of the sentence. A Pentagon spokesman noted then that DOD might still classify Hamdan as an "enemy combatant" after he completed his sentence, and detain him indefinitely. In November 2008, the U.S. transferred Hamdan to Yemen to serve out the remaining month of his sentence. He was released by the government there on January 8, 2009, permitting him to live with his family in Sana. On October 16, 2012, Hamdan's entire conviction was overturned on appeal in the US Court of Appeals in Washington, DC, and he was acquitted of all charges. Hamdan and his brother-in-law Nasser al-Bahri were the subjects of the award-winning documentary, "The Oath" (2010), by the American director Laura Poitras, which explored their time in al-Qaeda and later struggles. Salim Hamdan was born in 1970 in Wadi Hadhramaut, Yemen. He was raised as a Muslim. He married and had daughters with his wife. He went to Afghanistan to work, where he was recruited to al-Qaeda by Nasser al-Bahri, also a Yemeni. Hamdan had first worked on an agricultural project started by Osama bin Laden. He started working as his driver because he needed the money. Salim Hamdan was captured in southern Afghanistan on November 24, 2001. According to documents obtained by the Associated Press, he was captured in a car with four other alleged al-Qaeda associates, including Osama bin laden's son-in-law. Three of the men were killed in a firefight with Afghan forces. The Afghans turned over Hamdan and the other surviving associate in the car to U.S. forces. Initially held in Afghanistan, he was transferred to the new Guantanamo Bay detention camp in 2002. On July 14, 2004, the Department of Defense formally charged Salim Ahmed Hamdan with "conspiracy", for trial by military commission under the President's Executive Order of November 13, 2001. On October 22, 2004, General John D. Altenburg, the retired officer in overall charge of the commissions, removed three of the six original Military Commission members to avoid the potential of bias. On November 8, 2004, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia halted Hamdan's military commission because no "competent tribunal" had determined whether Mr Hamdan was a POW (as required by the Geneva Conventions), and because regardless of such determination, the commission violated the procedures of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ). The Bush administration appealed the ruling. In the meantime, the Department of Defense started Combatant Status Review Tribunals of all the Guantanamo detainees to determine whether each was an enemy combatant or not. The tribunals extended from July 2004 through March 2005. On July 17, 2005, a three-judge panel on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit overturned the lower court's ruling against the military commission, and supported the government. The panel said that the Geneva Convention does not apply to members of al-Qaeda. John Roberts, soon to be appointed as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, was then one of the judges on the Court of Appeals. He voted for the government's position. The military commissions were set back in motion at Guantanamo. Responding to an appeal by Hamdan's attorneys, on November 7, 2005, the Supreme Court issued a writ of certiorari, agreeing to review the decision of the DC Circuit Court. Roberts, now on the Supreme Court, recused himself due to his earlier participation in the case. On June 29, 2006, the Supreme Court ruled in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" that the military commissions had procedural flaws and were invalid, as they violated the UCMJ and protections of the Geneva Convention adopted in both the US civil and military systems of law. On June 29, 2006, the Supreme Court ruled in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld". It also considered whether the Supreme Court had the jurisdiction to enforce the articles of the 1949 Geneva convention and whether Congress had the power to prevent the Court from reviewing the case of an accused enemy combatant before it was tried by a military commission, as had happened in this case. It asserted it had that authority. In a 5-3 plurality, the Court held that the military commissions lacked "the power to proceed because their structures and procedures violate both the Uniform Code of Military Justice and the four Geneva Conventions signed in 1949." (As the US had signed them, it effectively adopted them as law.) Specifically, the Court ruled that Common Article 3 of the Third Geneva Convention was the provision violated. In response, Congress passed the Military Commissions Act of 2006, at the request of the Bush administration, to provide the authority for the executive branch to create and operate the commissions and to respond to concerns of the Supreme Court. President George W. Bush signed it on October 17, 2006. Hamdan's trial was scheduled to begin in June 2007. After having been detained for five years at the Guantanamo camp, Hamdan was charged under the new act on May 10, 2007, with conspiracy and "providing support for terrorism." In two separate military rulings, on June 4, 2007, the court dropped all charges against Hamdan and Omar Khadr, a Canadian citizen. Army Judge Colonel Peter Brownback and US Navy Judge Captain Keith J. Allred ruled that the men's Combatant Status Review Tribunals had simply confirmed the men's status as enemy combatants status. While the Military Commissions Act authorized the Guantanamo Military Commissions the authority to try "unlawful enemy combatants", the judges asserted that the commissions lacked the jurisdiction to try the men as "enemy combatants". This meant that all the detainees' cases would have to be reviewed to determine if each was an "unlawful enemy combatant", as only then could a detainee be tried under the MCA. James Westhead of the "BBC" said that the court ruling, which affects all 380 Guantanamo detainees, represented a "stunning blow" against the Bush administration's efforts to bring the detainees to trial. According to the "BBC", following the rulings, the US government appeared to have three legal options: The "Washington Post," reported that the ruling made it likely that passage would be achieved for a Senate bill restoring access to the US Court system to the Guantanamo captives. The "Washington Post" speculated that the ruling might force whatever trials take place to be administered in the existing systems of the civilian courts or the military courts under the courts martial system. On December 21, 2007, Judge Allred heard arguments, and ruled that Hamdan was an "illegal enemy combatant", who could thus be tried by a military commission. Lieutenant Brian Mizer, one of Hamdan's lawyers, said his team had introduced evidence: A hearing was convened on February 8, 2008. Hamdan's lawyers filed a request with Allred requesting the detainee be moved out of solitary confinement. They argued that prolonged solitary confinement was having such a negative effect on his mental stability that it was impairing his ability to assist in his own defense. The attorney Andrea Prasow wrote: His attorneys said he had been allowed only two exercise periods in the previous month. Hamdan had been housed in camp 4, the camp for the most compliant captives until December 2006. Captives in camp 4 wear white uniforms, sleep in communal dormitories and can use an exercise yard and mingle with other captives for up to 20 hours a day. After that date, he was moved to camp 5, where captives spend almost the entire day in isolation in a windowless cell. Emily Keram, a psychiatrist, examined Hamdan and, according to the "Seattle Post Intelligencer": Hamdan's lawyers compared the treatment accorded to the Canadian citizen, Omar Khadr, with that accorded to Hamdan. They requested Allred to hear Khadr to explain why he was housed in Camp Four. They pointed out that Khadr had been allowed a phone call to his family. According to the "International Herald Tribune," Hamdan's lawyers said Hamdan's Defense expressed a concern that the Prosecution had been withholding some of the detainee's records from them. Lieutenant Commander Timothy Stone told Allred that they had turned over copies of records, except for those from 2002—which they had been unable to locate. He assured Allred they were still looking for them. Chief Prosecutor Colonel Lawrence Morris suggested that the missing files contained "generally innocuous stuff". In February 2008, Hamdan's lawyers requested access to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and the thirteen other high value detainees in order to gather more information for their defense, which Morris opposed. Allred postponed ruling on Hamdan's lawyer's request. On April 29, after seven years of cooperation, Hamdan announced he was joining the ongoing detainee boycott of Guantanamo Military Commissions, saying: America tells the whole world that it has freedom and justice. I do not see that...There are almost 100 detainees here. We do not see any rights. You do not give us the least bit of humanity...Give me a just court...Try me with a just law. Hamdan's trial began on July 21, 2008. Thirteen candidates for the military commission jury went through voir dire. Six jury members, and an alternate, were selected on July 21, 2008. "Reuters" reported that the jurors identities were being kept secret. An officer who knew the Captain of the , which was bombed by terrorists, was turned down. Reuters reported he was a former police officer. Hamdan pleaded not guilty to all charges. According to "USA Today" Hamdan's Presiding Officer, Keith Allred, ruled that Prosecutors could not use confessions Hamdan made when in American custody in Bagram Theater Internment Facility and a detention facility in Panjshir. At the time, he was subjected to what were described by the administration as enhanced interrogation techniques, more generally held to be torture. Carol Rosenberg, writing in the "Miami Herald", reported that on July 28, 2008, Prosecution witnesses "allege his crimes cover the era of the embassies car bombings and a suicide attack by an explosives-laden boat on the USS "Cole" in 2002, even though he neither plotted nor knew about the terror attacks beforehand." On July 24, 2008, Michael St. Ours, a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) agent, testified that Abdellah Tabarak had been in charge of Osama bin Laden's security detail. According to Rosenberg of the "Miami Herald," St. Ours "looked stunned" when Hamdan's Defense Counsel said that Tabarak had been released without charge. Andrew Cohen, a legal affairs commentator for "CBS News", called the testimony that Tabarak had been released a "colossal embarrassment" to the government. Hamdan's Prosecution did not provide documents from the detainee's interrogations until July 28, 2008. One confirmed Hamdan's account that female interrogators had subjected him to sexual humiliation during earlier interrogation. Harry H. Schneider Jr., said that after reading this document, he found Hamdan's account of sexual humiliation was "right on the money". The Prosecutor John Murphy disputed that what the interrogation document described should be described as coercion. He said: "It casts a sort of black cloud over the agents and those who work with detainees, and what's been put forth doesn't show it." The defense tried to block the admission of testimony by Robert McFadden, a former FBI agent who had interrogated Hamdan. The Presiding Officer had already ruled that the testimony of most of Hamdan's first interrogators at Guantanamo was inadmissible, due to their use of coercive techniques. On July 29, 2008, the Presiding Officer ruled that he was going to penalize the Prosecution for failing to release documents to the Defense by disallowing McFadden's testimony from May 2003. The key testimony expected from McFadden was his having heard Hamdan confirm that he had sworn "bayat", a kind of oath of fealty, to Osama bin Laden. However, Judge Allred decided to allow McFadden's testimony. The jury acquitted Salim Ahmed Hamdan of conspiracy and convicted him of material support for terrorism. While he was waiting for the decision, he was allowed his first call to his family in Yemen. It was the 107th call made by a detainee. On August 7, 2008, Hamdan was sentenced by the military jury to five and a half years (66 months) imprisonment. Prosecutors had urged a sentence of 30 years-to-life, while Hamdan's defense had recommended less than 45 months. At the time he was already credited for having served 61 months, so the sentence imposed five months additional imprisonment. A Pentagon spokesman noted that Hamdan's status could revert to "enemy combatant" after his sentence was served, and as such he could be indefinitely detained. Allred, the Presiding Officer of his Commission, called Hamdan a "small player," and said this sentence meant Hamdan would be eligible to having his continued detention reviewed by an Administrative Review Board (a form of appeals court) when his sentence was completed. He told Hamdan: I hope the day comes that you return to your wife and daughters and your country, and you're able to be a provider, a father and a husband in the best sense of all those terms. Former Chief Prosecutor, Air Force Colonel Morris Davis commented: According to the "Associated Press," former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Affairs Charles "Cully" Stimson wrote an e-mail regarding the sentence: The lesson I hope the government learns from this case, among other things, is ... don't bring skimpy or weak charges of conspiracy. The American Civil Liberties Union's spokesman Ben Wizner, said: If the government heard the jury's message, it will not use a flawed war court to prosecute conduct that does not violate the laws of war. On August 10, 2008, Josh White, writing in the "Washington Post," reported that in late 2006, the Hamdan prosecution and defense had discussed a plea deal. He reported that Charles "Cully" Stimson, then the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Affairs, had agreed to make a case for a negotiated sentence of ten years. According to White, Stimson said more senior Bush officials "were stubborn" and "rejected the notion of a 'mere 10 years.'" On August 11, 2008, Jess Bravin of the "Wall Street Journal" reported on interviews with one of Hamdan's jurors. The juror said the verdict was not intended to be a rebuke to the Bush administration, rather, "...it came down to the evidence that we were allowed to see." On September 26, 2008, Army Colonel Lawrence Morris, Guantanamo's Chief Prosecutor, asked for a new sentencing hearing for Hamdan. He asked that Hamdan not be granted credit for time served, and serve an additional six years. Defense continued to say that it could continue to hold enemy combatant captives as detainees after they served their sentences assigned by the Military Commissions. Hamdan's military lawyer, Lt. Cmdr. Brian Mizer said: The government, having stacked the deck, is now complaining about the hand it was dealt. On October 31, 2008, Judge Allred ruled that Hamdan's sentence would not be reconsidered. In November 2008, the United States transferred Hamdan to Yemen, where the government had agreed to keep him in custody until he served the remaining month of his sentence. His family were not allowed to meet him at Sanaa International Airport. Chuck Schmitz, one of Hamdan's translators in Guantanamo, has been asked by a publisher about co-writing a book with Hamdan about his experiences. A Fulbright Scholar when asked in 2004 to translate for Hamdan, Schmitz is now a Professor at Towson University. Hamdan continued to appeal his conviction after his release. It was upheld in 2011 by the Court of Military Commission Review and appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On October 17, 2012, that Court vacated Hamdan's conviction, on the grounds that the acts he was charged with under the Military Commissions Act of 2006 were not war crimes by international law at the time he committed them. This meant that his prosecution was "ex post facto" and unconstitutional. Decided by a three-judge panel, the decision was written by Judge Brett Kavanaugh, with judges David Sentelle and Douglas Ginsburg largely concurring. </doc> <doc id="2345146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345146" title="Ken'yūsha"> Ken'yūsha Kenyūsha (硯友社) was a writers' society in Meiji era Japan, chiefly led by Ozaki Kōyō. Its other members included Kawakami Bizan. </doc> <doc id="2345151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345151" title="Superior mesenteric vein"> Superior mesenteric vein The superior mesenteric vein (SMV) is a blood vessel that drains blood from the small intestine (jejunum and ileum). At its termination behind the neck of the pancreas, the SMV combines with the splenic vein to form the hepatic portal vein. The SMV lies to the right of the similarly named artery, the superior mesenteric artery, which originates from the abdominal aorta. Tributaries of the superior mesenteric vein drain the small intestine, large intestine, stomach, pancreas and appendix and include: Thrombosis of the superior mesenteric vein is quite rare, but a significant cause of mesenteric ischemia and can be fatal. It is estimated that 10-15% of mesenteric ischemia is due to mesenteric thrombosis. </doc> <doc id="2345155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345155" title="Lord Michael Fitzalan-Howard"> Lord Michael Fitzalan-Howard Major General Lord Michael Fitzalan-Howard, (22 October 1917 – 2 November 2007) was a senior officer in the British Army. He later served as Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the British Royal Household for ten years until 1982, and Gold Stick-in-Waiting and Colonel of the Life Guards for 20 years, finally retiring in 1999. Fitzalan-Howard was the second son of Bernard Fitzalan-Howard, 3rd Baron Howard of Glossop and Mona Fitzalan-Howard, 11th Baroness Beaumont. He was 15 months younger than the eldest sibling, Miles, 17th Duke of Norfolk. He had two other brothers and four sisters, all with first names beginning with the letter "M". He grew up at his mother's family seat, Carlton Towers in North Yorkshire. Fitzalan-Howard and his elder brother followed parallel courses in their education and career. Both were educated at Ampleforth College, before Oxford and Cambridge – Michael at Trinity College, Cambridge from 1935 to 1938, and Miles at Christ Church, Oxford. Both then took a commission in the British Army – Michael in the Scots Guards in 1938 and Miles in the Grenadier Guards. Michael joined the 3rd Battalion of the Scots Guards when it was formed in April 1944. As majors, the brothers both fought in tanks in the Guards Armoured Division in the Second World War, fighting in the breakout from Caen after D-Day: Michael commanded a squadron of the 3rd Scots Guards, while Miles was brigade major of 5th Guards Armoured Brigade. A third brother, Martin, commanded a tank in the 2nd Grenadier Guards. Michael and Miles both won the Military Cross (MC) in 1944. Michael's MC was awarded for leading several attacks in the bocage near Estry and Chênedollé. He then became brigade major of the 32nd Guards Brigade, beating his brother in the race to Brussels. Their brigades then leapfrogged each other on the advance through Eindhoven to the Rhine and the Elbe. Michael was mentioned in despatches. Michael and Miles, both career officers, remained in the army after the war. Michael was best man at Miles' wedding in 1949. Both were promoted to colonel in 1958, and then to brigadier in 1961. Miles became a major general in 1968, three months before his brother. Fitzalan-Howard served as brigade major with the 1st Guards Brigade in Palestine, and then as an instructor at the Staff Colleges in Haifa in 1946 and at Camberley immediately afterwards. He served as brigade major of the 2nd Guards Brigade in Malaya and in London, and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1949. He was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1953 after working on the funeral of King George VI. He served as second-in-command of the 1st Scots Guards in Suez, then commanded the 2nd Scots Guards in 4th Guards Brigade of the British Army of the Rhine. He promoted to brigadier and became chief of staff, London District, in 1958. He returned to Germany to command the 4th Guards Brigade, and was advanced to Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1962. He was promoted to major general in 1964 and became the first commander of the ground forces in Allied Command Europe Mobile Force, a tri-service unit combining forces from several members of NATO. He was then Chief of Staff of Southern Command, based in Salisbury. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1968, and was Major-General commanding the Household Division and General Officer Commanding London District from 1968 to 1971. He was also colonel of the Lancashire Regiment from 1966 to 1970, and then colonel of the Queen's Lancashire Regiment until 1978, and honorary colonel of Cambridge University OTC from 1968 to 1971. He retired from the army in 1971, and was advanced to Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order. After retiring from the army, Fitzalan-Howard served as Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps from 1972 to 1981, and was advanced to Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order when he retired from that role. He served as a Deputy Lieutenant for Wiltshire from 1974, and was also chairman of the Territorial Army and Volunteer Reserve Council. In 1975, Fitzalan-Howard's elder brother, Miles succeeded as the 17th Duke of Norfolk, and Michael became Lord Michael Fitzalan-Howard when he and his siblings were granted the rank of younger sons and daughters of a duke that year. He succeeded The Earl Mountbatten of Burma as Gold Stick-in-Waiting and Colonel of the Life Guards in 1979, offices which he held for 20 years. He became an Extra Equerry to Queen Elizabeth II in 1999. Fitzalan-Howard married three times. He first married Jean Marion Hamilton-Dalrymple, daughter of Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, 9th Baronet, on 4 March 1946. They had a daughter, (also named Jean), but her mother died shortly afterwards, on 28 July 1947. Their daughter Jean went on to become a Lady-in-Waiting to Diana, Princess of Wales. He remarried on 20 April 1950, to Jane Margaret Meade-Newman, daughter of Captain William Patrick Meade-Newman. They had a daughter and four sons. His second wife died on 25 December 1995. He married again, on 2 July 1997, to Victoria Winifred Baring, daughter of Colonel Reginald Edmund Maghlin Russell and the widow of Sir Mark Baring. Michael Fitzalan-Howard died, aged 91, in 2007, survived by his third wife, the daughter of his first marriage, and his five children from his second marriage. </doc> <doc id="2345167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345167" title="David Cairns, 5th Earl Cairns"> David Cairns, 5th Earl Cairns Rear Admiral David Charles Cairns, 5th Earl Cairns (3 July 1909 – 21 March 1989), was Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom from 1962 to 1971. Cairns joined the Royal Navy as a lieutenant in 1931. He served in World War II and succeeded as the 5th Earl Cairns in 1946 before becoming Deputy Director of the Signal Department at the Admiralty in 1950. He went on to be Commanding Officer of the cruiser HMS "Superb" in 1956 and President of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich in 1958 before retiring in 1961. In retirement Cairns was Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom from 1962 to 1971. He was also a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Fishmongers of the City of London, rising to become the Company's Prime Warden for 1972–73, and for many years was Chairman of the Governing Body of Gresham's School. On his death in 1989 he was succeeded by his son Simon Dallas Cairns. </doc> <doc id="2345175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345175" title="James Shirk"> James Shirk James W. Shirk (16 July 1832 – 10 February 1873) was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. Shirk was born in Pennsylvania and was appointed midshipman on 26 March 1849. He cruised between 1849 and 1860 on the coasts of Africa, East India, and North America, in the gunnery ship, "Plymouth". He also served in the Great Lakes and with the Pacific Squadron. During the Civil War, he won distinction for his service in the Mississippi Squadron at the Battle of Fort Henry on 6 February 1862; and at Pittsburgh Landing on 1 March 1862; and again on 6 and 7 April 1862. During the latter engagement at Pittsburgh Landing, his ship, "Lexington", in company with "Tyler", prevented the enemy from crossing the river and saved the Union army from defeat in the bloody Battle of Shiloh. He later took part in engagements with Confederate batteries at Chickasaw Bayou, St. Charles, White River, Arkansas Post, and the passage of the Vicksburg batteries. During the siege of Vicksburg, his ship, "Tuscumbia", was frequently under fire between 19 May and the Confederate surrender on 4 July 1863. He commanded the Seventh Division of the Mississippi Squadron in 1863 and 1864. After peace had been restored, he cruised in the European Squadron and performed special duty for the Navy Department from 1866 to 1872. Commander Shirk died in Washington, D.C., on 10 February 1873. USS "Shirk" (DD-318) was named for him. </doc> <doc id="2345178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345178" title="The Backs"> The Backs The Backs is a picturesque area to the east of Queen's Road in the city of Cambridge, England, where several colleges of the University of Cambridge back on to the River Cam, their grounds covering both banks of the river. Simon Jenkins rates the view of The Backs and King's College as one of the top ten in England. The name "the Backs" refers to the backs of the colleges. The area consists of the rear grounds of the following colleges (north to south): Historically, much of the land was used by the colleges for grazing livestock or growing fruit. Cattle can still be found grazing behind King's College. The river was also an important commercial thoroughfare to the mill at Silver Street. In the 16th century, the area consisted of pasture, gardens and orchards owned by colleges of the University, with wooden bridges across the Cam. Over time, the colleges planted avenues of trees and built sturdier bridges. In 1772, St John's College consulted English landscape architect Lancelot ("Capability") Brown (1716–1783), who laid out a "wilderness" on the college side of Queen's Road which still exists today. In 1779, Brown presented a plan to the University of Cambridge to create country-house style parkland with its focus on King's College's Gibbs Building. The plan would have involved removing avenues, transforming the river into a lake, and planting clumps of trees to screen the other colleges. It was never implemented, possibly because it would have removed historic college boundaries and three important bridges. In response to many elm trees succumbing to Dutch elm disease, a Backs Committee was formed in 1979 so that a joint approach could be taken to the problem facing The Backs. As a result of the committee's work, trees were cut down and new ones planted in their place. However, the committee stopped meeting in 1994. In 1995, English Heritage listed The Backs as a Grade 1 Historic Park. In the 2000s, six University colleges on The Backs commissioned Robert Myers, a landscape architect who had studied at Girton College, to prepare a new landscape management plan for the area. The report, entitled "The Backs Cambridge Landscape Strategy", was completed in November 2007 and released on 1 December 2007. It sets out proposals for the evolution of The Backs over the next 50 years. Myers' proposal is to improve the "legibility, coherence and visual quality of the landscape as a whole" by retaining and enhancing the existing structure of the landscape and sight lines, while screening off the traffic on Queens Road. Over-mature and inappropriately-sited trees will be removed and new ones planted. In addition, there will be a phased replacement of avenues, an extension of the "wilderness" planting behind St John's and along the edge of Queens Road, and the creation of a "wildlife corridor". In particular, as regards Queens' Green at the southern end of The Backs, which is owned by Cambridge City Council, there is a proposal to extend an existing avenue of beech trees to the Queens Road to create an additional "rung" to the "ladder effect" created by other tree avenues, and to plant more trees and wilderness to partly enclose a stretch of grass. The colleges are currently in consultation with the City Council and English Heritage regarding the report, and if it is approved will carry out the suggested work in their own time using their own funds. In December 2007, "The Daily Telegraph" reported that "there has been a remarkable degree of consensus between institutions ["i.e.", the colleges of the University owning parts of The Backs] well known for prizing their autonomy". </doc> <doc id="2345182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345182" title="Rap City"> Rap City Rap City is a music video television program block that originally aired on the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network from August 11, 1989 to November 8, 2008. The program was an exclusive showcase for hip hop music videos, and features interviews with and freestyles from popular rappers, and often has guest DJs serve as co-hosts. The show was created by former BET VJ/producer Alvin Jones, a.k.a. "The Unseen VJ". This was a spin-off of the "Rap Week" segment of "Video Vibrations", also hosted by "The Unseen VJ". While its competitor "Yo! MTV Raps", which is now discontinued, mainly focused on all of the popular rappers, "Rap City" also included videos from up and coming underground rappers. Among notable previous hosts of the show are Chris Thomas (the first host of the show from 1989–1991). Throughout his run, Thomas was also known as "The Mayor of "Rap City"", or simply "The Mayor". Other hosts: Hans Dobson aka Prime (1989–93), Prince Dejour (1991–94), Joe Clair (1994–99), Leslie Segar (a.k.a. Big Lez) (1994–99), Big Tigger (1998–2005), Mad Linx (2005–06), J-Nicks (2005–06) and Q-45 (2006–08). On September 13, 1999, the show was re-titled "Rap City: Tha Basement" and newly hosted by Big Tigger (a.k.a. Tigger), who succeeded Joe Clair and Big Lez. On August 28, 2000, BET moved the show to a new time slot at 4 p.m. On January 18, 2005, the show was repackaged and host Big Tigger was replaced by Mad Linx, a DJ and radio personality. The transition was explained that Tigger's "mother" sold the basement and forced Big Tigger out to live with his father. On October 3, 2005, Mad Linx went on hiatus to host "BET Road Show". For several months, the show was hosted by J-Nicks, a native of St. Louis. Occasionally, special guests (such as a hip hop star) would host "Rap City". The network also shortened the shows run time from two to one hour. On December 28, 2005, BET returned the show to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Mad Linx returned to his weekday routine on February 2, 2006. J-Nicks left to work as a weekday radio DJ for WHTA Hot 107.9 FM in Atlanta. On August 14, 2006, Q45 replaced Mad Linx on the show. On September 25, 2006, the time slot for "Rap City" changed to 4 p.m., and then flipped back to 5 p.m. in October 2006. From that moment on, Q45 hosted the show on Weekdays. Mad Linx hosted "Rap City Top 10" on Saturdays and Big Tigger hosted the show as "Rap City Presents..." specials. On September 17, 2007, BET changed the time slot of "Rap City" to 1 a.m. Eastern time. A time slot previously held by re-runs of "The Parkers" and other syndicated shows. In the timeslot that "Rap City" previously occupied, random music videos are now being shown. In October 2007, due to drop of ratings "Rap City" returned to its previous time slot at 5 p.m. In September 2008, "Rap City" obtained a new time of 3 p.m. One of the most prominent and most popular segments of the show has been the freestyle booth. In these particular segments, the guests would lay exclusive new vocals on the spot. This came to place around Big Tigger's tenure, which also included a guest DJ every week. Seemingly, this concept was scrapped when "Tha Basement" concept left but it has since returned. This is now seen as a major staple of "Rap City", although no hosts other than Joe Clair and Big Tigger have joined in during the freestyle sessions. On several occasions back in the early 2000s (decade), the freestyle booth was mostly, if not completely uncensored. Also when special guests come and leave they leave with a signature, in the booth, on the wall. On October 1, 2008, BET officially canceled "Rap City", its last airing was Saturday, November 8, 2008 and was replaced by now-cancelled "The Deal" on November 10, 2008. On Friday, June 12, 2009, a "Rap City: Relapse" special was aired on BET hosted by Big Tigger with guest Eminem. On November 6, 2013, "Rap City" returned with another special called "EM360" with guest Eminem to promote his album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2". </doc> <doc id="2345193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345193" title="Albany Park, Bexley"> Albany Park, Bexley Albany Park is an area of South East London, England, within the London Borough of Bexley. It is located south east of Charing Cross. It lies within the Historic County of Kent. Located midway between Sidcup and Bexley, Albany Park is situated on high ground overlooking the valleys of the River Cray and the River Shuttle. Originally a rural area used as farmland, the settlement was established by a commercial housing developer, New Ideal Homesteads, during the 1930s. They built two estates at the site, Albany Park Estate and Royal Park Estate, which were sold at cheap prices to working-class families emigrating from Inner London. The company also brought about the foundation of Albany Park railway station in 1935, providing transport links to the estates along the Dartford Loop Line. Following decades saw a number of schools and both a Baptist church hall and an Anglican church constructed in the area, the latter of which has attracted attention for its architectural innovation. During the 1930s, New Ideal Homesteads were the largest commercial developer active in Northwest Kent, known for keeping costs at a minimum by using prefabricated materials. They built the Albany Park estate in the middle of that decade, on land that had formerly been the Tanyard and Hurst Farms, part of the estate of the Vansittart family who lived at nearby Foots Cray. Most of the area had consisted of fields and spinneys, although nearby there was both an eighteenth-century mansion known as Hurst or Hurst Place, and Sidcup cemetery, which had been established in 1912. The company invented the name "Albany Park" for the housing estate that they were constructing. They built at almost double the housing density that had been recommended to them by the local Bexley council, and sold their houses at low prices, enabling them to be purchased by working-class families leaving Inner London. The estate was adjacent to the Dartford Loop Line, which had existed 1866, although NIH ensured that Albany Park railway station was opened on this line in July 1935. Next to this station were built a number of shops and the Mock Tudor Albany Hotel. Just prior to the Second World War, NIH began expanding the settlement in a south-eastward direction by beginning to build the Royal Park Estate; it was finished after the war by Bexley Borough Council. NIH had advertised their estate with a sales brochure in which they stated that "the charming countryside shall permanently retain the rural character of its vistas and shall not suffer disfigurement in any way". The Hidden London website later commented that this claim was "implausible", characterising Albany Park as "a lacklustre pair of estates". In 1935, Hurst Council Infant School was opened on Dorchester Avenue, with an adjacent junior school being added the following year. The two were later merged as Hurst Primary School. In 1951, Kent County Council then opened Footscray Place County Primary School on Riverside Road in 1951; it was renamed and enlarged as Royal Park School in 1954. In 1954, the Hurst Place mansion was also taken over as a community centre. Local Anglicans living on the estates found that they were two miles from the nearest Anglican church, and urged the Church of England to aid them. In 1944 the vicar of All Saints Church in Footscray began holding Anglican communion services in a room over the shops in Lewis Road, but by 1946 they were using a hall in Wren Road for this purpose. In 1954 a vicar was appointed to the town, and the Anglican community subsequently secured a plot of land in the centre of the estate on which to build a church; construction began in 1964 and was completed the following year. The historian of architecture Nikolaus Pevsner later described it as "ingenious, fashionable and slightly absurd". In 1969, Albany Park was granted parochial status by the Church of England, a special dispensation given that the area contained far fewer than the 10,000 residents normally required for such status to be granted. In 1955, the local Baptists erected a church hall in Stansted Crescent; they had intended to construct a larger church, although this never materialised. In 2001, a number of trees were planted along the railway line adjacent to the south side of Canterbury Avenue, with the area named the Millennium Woodland. The shops on Norman Parade were later demolished and replaced by an apartment block with a convenience store; this was named Cedarwood Place and was constructed by the Belgravia Homes company. Nearest places are: Albany Park station serves the area with services to London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street via both Lewisham and Woolwich Arsenal as part of a loop service. There are also services to Gravesend. Albany Park is served by three Transport for London Bus services, 229, 269 and B14 that connect the area with Bexleyheath, Sidcup, Bromley, Orpington and Thamesmead. Albany Park is served by two churches; the Baptist church in Stansted Crescent and the Anglican church of St Andrews which is situated on the corner of Maylands Drive and St Andrews Road and which was completed in 1965. There are a range of local shops which adjoin the main station entrance in Steynton Avenue. These include a number of restaurants and take-aways as well as two mini-markets, a dry cleaner, a hardware store, a pet supplies shop, a party and card shop and a hairdresser. The local pub, "The Albany" is also situated here as is a petrol station. Albany Park no longer has a GP surgery following the purchase of the one that had previously been situated in Longmead Drive by another local practice. After a short while, this was closed down and no alternative provision made. The building was subsequently sold and became a Vet's practice. The area's younger children are served by the "Royal Park Primary School". Albany Park provides access directly to Foots Cray Meadows </doc> <doc id="2345201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345201" title="Tribulations of a Chinaman in China"> Tribulations of a Chinaman in China Tribulations of a Chinaman in China () is an adventure novel by Jules Verne, first published in 1879. The story is about a rich Chinese man, Kin-Fo, who is bored with life, and after some business misfortune decides to die. The book is a traditional adventure, similar in style to "Around the World in Eighty Days", which is one of the author's more well-known books. However, it does contain more humour as well as criticism of topics such as the British opium trade in China. Kin-Fo is an extremely wealthy man who certainly does not lack material possessions. However, he is terribly bored and when news reaches him about his major investment abroad, a bank in the United States, going bankrupt, Kin-Fo decides to die. He signs up for a $200,000 life insurance covering all kinds of accidents, death in war, and even suicide; Wang and Kin-Fo's fiancée are to be the beneficiaries. He rejects seppuku and hanging as means of dying, and is about to take opium laced with poison when he decides that he doesn't want to die without having ever felt a thrill in his life. Kin-Fo hires his old mentor, the philosopher Wang (actually a former warrior of the taiping rebellion), to murder him before the life insurance expires. After a while news reaches Kin-Fo that the American bank he had invested in was not bankrupt, but instead had pulled off a stock market trick and is now wealthier than ever. Unfortunately, Wang has already disappeared. Together with two bodyguards assigned by the insurance company, and his loyal but lazy and incompetent servant Soun, Kin-Fo travels around the country in an effort to run away from Wang and the humiliation from the affair. One day he receives a message from Wang, stating that he can't stand the pain of having to kill one of his friends, and instead decided to take his own life while giving the task of killing Kin-Fo to a bandit he once knew. Kin-Fo, Soun and the two bodyguards now try to get to the bandit, planning to offer money in return for his life. The ship they travel with is hijacked, and they are forced to use their life vests with built-in sails to return to land. After being kidnapped by the bandit they were looking for, they are blindfolded and returned to Kin-Fo's home, where his old friends (including Wang, who we now find out staged this entire history to teach him a lesson about how valuable life is) are waiting for him. He marries his young, beautiful fiancée after all and they live happily forever after. An English translation was serialized in "The Leisure Hour" in 1880. A 1965 film starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, "Up to His Ears", was loosely based on this novel. A 1987 film "The Tribulations of a Chinese Gentleman" was directed by Wu Yigong, starring Chen Peisi, Rosalind Chao and Rolf Hoppe. </doc> <doc id="2345206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345206" title="Siege of Kawagoe Castle"> Siege of Kawagoe Castle The 1545–1546 was part of a failed attempt by the Uesugi clan to regain Kawagoe Castle from the Later Hōjō clan in the Sengoku period of Japan. Uesugi Tomosada of the Ogigayatsu branch of the Uesugi clan was joined by his more powerful relative Uesugi Norimasa, by Ashikaga Haruuji, the Kantō kubō in Koga, and by a host of anti-Hōjō daimyō from the Kantō region. Despite an overwhelming attacking force, numbering around 85,000, the 3,000 men in Kawagoe Castle's garrison, led by Hōjō Tsunanari, held off the siege until the relief force arrived. That relief force, numbering only 8,000, was led by Tsunanari's brother, Hōjō Ujiyasu, and a single warrior was sent to sneak past the Uesugi siege lines to inform the garrison of the relief's arrival. Though still strongly outnumbered, ninja spies informed the Hōjō forces that the attackers, Ashikaga Haruuji in particular, had relaxed their vigilance due to their overconfidence in victory. The Hōjō tried a risky tactic, coordinating a night attack between the garrison and the relieving force. Going against battlefield custom, the samurai were ordered to leave behind any heavy armor, which would slow them down and perhaps reveal their position, and to not bother taking the heads of their defeated enemies. This would deny the warriors much honor, as their triumphs would not be known or recorded, but the intense loyalty of the Hōjō samurai caused them to follow these orders. The tactic succeeded, and the Hōjō foiled the siege. This defeat for the Uesugi would lead to the near-extinction of the family. </doc> <doc id="2345214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345214" title="Armor Ambush"> Armor Ambush Armor Ambush is a video game for the Atari 2600 produced by M-Network. Mattel originally released the game as "Armor Battle" for its Intellivision console. "Armor Ambush" is a game that gives players control over tanks that battle one another over terrain that offers varying degrees of texture and traversability. Dueling tanks was a theme familiar to owners of the Atari 2600 since "Combat", the game packaged with nearly every Atari 2600 system, had a very similar premise. However, "Armor Ambush" expands upon the simple battles available to players of "Combat". The game takes place on a different randomly selected battlefield each round. Additionally, players can drop mines on the battlefield by simultaneously pressing the fire button and pulling down on the joystick. The mines remain active for the duration of the battle, destroying either tank that runs over them. Players are able to control two tanks and switch between them on command. The terrain is more diverse, featuring areas of foliage, water, and natural barriers. </doc> <doc id="2345221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345221" title="Boo Boo"> Boo Boo Boo Boo or Booboo may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2345228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345228" title="Whalerider (soundtrack)"> Whalerider (soundtrack) Whalerider is the soundtrack album to the film "Whale Rider", by the Australian singer/musician Lisa Gerrard. The album was released on the 4AD label in 2003. The music on the album is also included in the film. In the liner notes, Gerrard describes the experience of recording music for "Whale Rider" as "one of the most intimate of my artistic life". Additional performances by: Mixed by Simon Bowley Mastered by Jacek Tuschewski Design by Jacek Tuschewski </doc> <doc id="2345243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345243" title="Tang Enbo"> Tang Enbo Tang Enbo (, birth name was , |)(1898–1954) was a Nationalist general in the Republic of China. Along with Hu Zongnan and Xue Yue, Tang was one of the Kuomintang generals most feared and respected by the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Born in 1898 in Wuyi, Zhejiang, Tang Enbo was a graduate of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, and therefore was familiar with the tactics of his Japanese enemy during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Tang's early resistance to the Japanese invasion was most ineffective, but this had nothing to do with his personal capabilities, but more to do with the political situation in China— Tang's superior Chiang Kai-shek was reluctant to devote his best troops to fight the Japanese invaders, wishing instead to use them to exterminate the Communists. Limited in troops and materiel, any commander would have had great difficulties in fighting such a superior enemy, and Tang Enbo was no exception. Furthermore, the battle plans though successful on paper rarely materialized on the battlefield during this stage because local Chinese warlords were only interested in maintaining their forces and largely ignored Chiang Kai-shek's orders. Although Tang did contribute to the victory at Battle of Taierzhuang, he was unable to stop the Japanese assaults during the 1944 Battle of Henan-Hunan-Guangxi, losing 37 cities and towns within 36 days. After World War II, Tang Enbo participated in the struggle against the communists, who attempted to win Tang Enbo. Tang was hesitant at the first due to his military failure in the Chinese Civil War, but soon his fourth concubine convinced him to firmly follow Chiang Kai-shek and stay with Kuomintang. As a result, Tang Enbo informed Chiang Kai-shek that his teacher and superior Chen Yi had asked him to turn to the communists and Chen was then arrested and later executed. Chen Yi was executed at Machangding, Taipei, on June 18, 1950 and was buried in Wugu, Taipei County. The fallout of all this was that Tang Enbo had now lost the trust of Chiang Kai-shek. Tang's position was further weakened when other Nationalist cadres such as Gu Zhenggang (谷正纲) discovered and revealed to Chiang Kai-shek that during the Shanghai Campaign Tang was preparing to flee to Japan by asking his close associates Wang Wencheng (王文成) and Long Zuoliang (龙佐良) to seek out a home in Japan. On May 6, 1949, a close friend of Tang's wired half a million US dollars to an American friend's account, and subsequently, the money was sent via this account to Wang Wencheng and Long Zuoliang in Japan. In July, 1949, Wang Wencheng and Long Zuoliang purchased a mansion with 22 rooms in a Tokyo suburb. However, all of this was accidentally made public on February 2, 1950 when Reuters issued the news in Tokyo claiming that Chiang Kai-shek had purchased a mansion in a Tokyo suburb via a top ranking Chinese official. It was rumored that Tang's political enemies within the Kuomintang had long been tracking Tang's every move and waited for the right opportunity to bring him down, but such a claim has yet to be confirmed. The result was Tang's complete falling out of favor with Chiang, who reportedly angrily shouted: "No wonder our defeat was so rapid in Shanghai and the southeastern coast— he (Tang Enbo) was already prepared to flee!" After fleeing to Taiwan with the retreating Republic of China government, Tang Enbo became ill and was sent to Japan for treatment. However, Tang died after surgery in Tokyo in 1954. </doc> <doc id="2345246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345246" title="Matchmaker.com"> Matchmaker.com Matchmaker.com is an online dating service. Prior to the internet, it operated via dial-in. It was founded in 1986, making it the oldest of the existing online dating sites. It is owned by Avalanche, LLC. Members would complete a questionnaire which consists of several multiple-choice items as well as some essay questions where users fill in more specific information about themselves, such as "What are your hobbies and interests?" or "What would you ideal first date be like?" When a user searched for a potential match, matches were ranked according to the percentage of identical responses between the user's responses and those in other profiles. Users could also sort their match lists by distance from their zip code to the zip code of the matches. Matchmaker.com originated from a Bulletin Board System created by Gregory Scott Smith in San Antonio, Texas in March 1983. It began as a dial-up system running on a single Apple II+ with a modem. Shortly afterwards, it was ported to a Microsoft Xenix–based Tandy 6000 microcomputer and re-written in MBASIC, and then re-written again in C by programmer Jon Boede. It was originally conceived as a pen-pal network for everyone. There were no membership fees and the system operated on user donations. In 1985, the system was relocated to Houston, Texas and operated on four dial-up lines. The following year, two other systems were networked and allowed users in San Antonio, Texas and San Jose, California to join the "date-a-base". The original site started in 1986 was in the form of a Dial-up Bulletin board system. Each system catered to a geographic area (code) allowing users to find like interests. The original BBS based system only catered to local computer savvy users within a local telephone area code. However, exchange of email between systems and profiles was later implemented using sendmail and uuencoding making uucp and, ultimately the internet, the Matchmaker network backbone. The Matchmaker network was featured in the first edition of "!%@:: a directory of electronic mail addressing and networks" as one of the larger email networks prior to the rise of the Internet. In 1987, the software became available to franchise from the programmer, Jon Boede. The number of local systems grew to about a dozen, and became funded by user subscriptions. This business model allowed for each system to be moved into a commercial office environment for stability. In late 1992, the ASCII BBS style was extended to also be a telnet-based service, allowing access from anywhere in the world without the need for telephone long distance charges. A year later, the web-based front end was created. The first Matchmaker system to receive the new version was the largest of the communities at the time, "Christie's Matchmaker" (see below). Other Matchmaker franchises quickly also adopted the web based front-end. The site went online in 1996. Phil Moerschell, a founder and owner of multiple matchmaker franchises at the time, acquired the domain 'matchmaker.com' and began using it to link to the 15 matchmaker sites he was running. In 1998, each of the franchisees agreed to consolidate, centralize, and combine their resources. Matchmaker incorporated and relocated all of the Matchmaker servers to Bedford, Texas. In September 1998, the system became burdened by having to provide direct dial-in over modems and a decision was made to move to the Internet exclusively. At the height of the distributed franchise model in 1998, the number of national systems exceeded 60. An agreement was reached to centralize in Bedford, Texas and incorporate with the name Matchmaker.com. Private stock was issued and there were approximately 12 administrators and employees. Patrick M. O'Leary became the company's president. In 2000, Matchmaker was purchased by Lycos for $44.5 million cash. The site had 4 million users at that time. There were six employees of matchmaker listed in the Lycos acquisition contract as 'critical employees' for transitioning the site to Lycos. They were: 1. Jon Boede 2. Phil Moerschell 3. Bobby Dominguez 4. Christie Bliss 5. David Cando 6. Robert Elsner In January 2006, the site was purchased by Avalanche, LLC. but the website still uses the name "Matchmaker.com". </doc> <doc id="2345283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345283" title="Hajime Kawakami"> Hajime Kawakami Born in Yamaguchi, he graduated from Tokyo Imperial University. After writing for "Yomiuri Shimbun", he attained an professorship in economics at Kyoto Imperial University. Increasingly inclined toward Marxism, he participated in the March 15 incident of 1928, and was expelled from the university as a subversive. The following year, he joined the formation of a political party Shinrōtō. Kawakami went on to publish a Marxist-oriented economics journal, "Studies of Social Problems." After joining the then-outlawed Japanese Communist Party, he was arrested in 1933 and sent to prison. Following his release in 1937, he translated "Das Kapital" from German into Japanese. Kawakami spent the remainder of his life writing essays, novels, poetry, and his autobiography "Jijoden". "Jijoden" was written secretly between 1943 and 1945 and serialized in 1946. It became a best-seller and was "extravagantly praised as being unprecedented in Japanese letters." </doc> <doc id="2345288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345288" title="Atlantis (video game)"> Atlantis (video game) Atlantis is a fixed shooter video game released by Imagic in July 1982, for the Atari 2600. It was written by Dennis Koble who also wrote "Trick Shot", "Solar Storm", and "Shootin' Gallery" for Imagic. "Atlantis" was ported to the Atari 8-bit computers, Commodore VIC-20, Intellivision, and the Magnavox Odyssey². The game was the subject of Destination Atlantis, a video game competition in which players of the Atari 2600 version were encouraged to mail in photos of their high scores to Imagic to receive a special edition of the game named "Atlantis II". The player controls the last defenses of the City of Atlantis against the Gorgon invaders. The city has seven bases, which are vulnerable to attack. Three of these have firepower capabilities to destroy the Gorgon ships before they manage to fire death rays at one of the settlements. The gun bases have fixed cannons; the center base fires straight up, while the far left and far right bases fire diagonally upwards across the screen. The center cannon also creates a shield that protects the settlements from the death rays, so once the center cannon is destroyed, the remaining settlements become vulnerable to attack. The enemy ships pass back and forth from left to right four times before they enter firing range, giving an ample opportunity to blow them away. Lost bases can be regained by destroying enough Gorgon ships. Regardless of the player's efforts to avert the tragedy, Atlantis is doomed. The only way the game can end is when all bases are destroyed. However, a tiny ship then rises from the rubble and speeds away, making a connection with another Imagic game, "Cosmic Ark". The Intellivision version features two gun turrets with a movable cursor that can be aimed onto enemy ships. There is also a deploy-able ship to take on enemies one-on-one. The game features day, dusk, and night settings, with the night setting limiting visibility to two moving searchlights. Destination Atlantis was a competition held by Imagic in 1982. Imagic invited players of "Atlantis" to take pictures of their high scores on their television screens and mail them to the company. Those who had the highest scores were then rewarded with a copy of "Atlantis II". The latter game, rather than being a mass-produced sequel to "Atlantis", was a special edition of the original featuring faster enemy ships which were worth fewer points. The concept behind this was to create a more difficult game that would "determine the true champion". As very few cartridges were created, "Atlantis II" is now a rare and highly-valued collectors item. Prices as of 2010 can reach 6000 USD. "Video Games" favorably reviewed the Intellivision version of "Atlantis", calling it "a great shoot-'em-up for" the console, and the Atari 2600 version received a Certificate of Merit in the "Video Game of the Year" category at the 4th annual Arkie Awards. </doc> <doc id="2345289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345289" title="Radio Dubuque"> Radio Dubuque Radio Dubuque, Inc is a Dubuque, Iowa based corporation that owns four radio stations. The company was founded in 2000 by Tom Parsley and Don Rabbitt. The company currently owns KDTH AM 1370, and the following FM stations, 97.3 The Rock (formerly KGRR), KATF "KAT-FM" 92.9, and WVRE "The River" 101.1. The Rock offers active rock. KAT-FM plays Adult Contemporary. WVRE "The River" plays New country music. KDTH offers adult standards, oldies, classic big band, news, sports, and other special programming. The stations participate in the CBS and Fox News radio network. Woodward Communications, publishers of The Dubuque Telegraph-Herald newspaper owned KDTH and KATF. They agreed in January 2000 to sell their stations to the new Radio Dubuque group with Parsley as President, and Don Rabbitt as CFO. KGRR relocated from its old studio on JFK Road to the KDTH/KAT-FM building at 8th & Bluff in downtown Dubuque. Several years later the company constructed an additional FM station, WVRE (101.1 FM) licensed to Dickeyville, Wisconsin. The company has since moved to University Avenue In Dubuque with a state-of-the-art, 4 station building. </doc> <doc id="2345293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345293" title="9th Ward of New Orleans"> 9th Ward of New Orleans The Ninth Ward or 9th Ward is a distinctive region of New Orleans, Louisiana, which is located in the easternmost downriver portion of the city. It is geographically the largest of the seventeen Wards of New Orleans. On the south, the Ninth Ward is bounded by the Mississippi River. On the western or "upriver" side, the Ninth Ward is bounded by (going from the River north to Lake Pontchartrain) Franklin Avenue, then Almonaster Avenue, then People's Avenue. From the north end of People's Avenue the boundary continues on a straight line north to Lake Pontchartrain; this line is the boundary between the Ninth and the city's Eighth Ward. The Lake forms the north and northeastern end of the ward. Saint Bernard Parish is the boundary to the southeast, Lake Borgne farther southeast and east, and the end of Orleans Parish to the east at the Rigolets. While there is substantial overlap, the 9th Ward should not be confused with city planning designation of the ninth planning district of New Orleans. The 9th Ward includes land in planning districts 7, 8, 10, and 11 (not to be confused with New Orleans East, the 7th, 8th, 10th, and 11th wards .) Among the famous natives and residents of the 9th Ward are music legend Fats Domino, Magic, NBA player Eldridge Recasner, NFL Player Marshall Faulk, authors Kalamu ya Salaam and Poppy Z. Brite, actor John Larroquette, trumpeter Kermit Ruffins, and the prominent Batiste musical family. From 2012 to 2016, the 9th Ward was represented in the Louisiana House of Representatives by Democrat Wesley T. Bishop. When Bishop was elected in 2015 to the Louisiana State Senate, another Democrat, Jimmy Harris, a lawyer and long-term government employee, filled the District 99 state House seat. The Ninth Ward can broadly be divided into three sections, from where the ward is divided from north to south by the Industrial Canal, and where the area east of the Industrial Canal is divided east to west by the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway/Mississippi River Gulf Outlet. The smallest of these pieces is the area south and east of these canals. The portion of the Ninth Ward along the river down-river from the Industrial Canal stretching to the St. Bernard line is called the "Lower 9th Ward" or "Lower Ninth". It includes the Holy Cross neighborhood, the twin Doullut Steamboat Houses and the Jackson Barracks. Until Hurricane Katrina, the Lower Ninth Ward had the highest percentage of black home ownership in the city. The area west or "above" the Canal has sometimes been called the "Upper Ninth Ward." Such distinctions arose when the Industrial Canal bisected the neighborhood in the 1920s. The portion of the Ninth Ward along the riverfront between Faubourg Marigny and the Industrial Canal is known as Bywater. Further back are the Infamous St. Claude and Florida area and Desire neighborhood. This part of the Ward contained two of the Housing Projects of New Orleans. The Desire neighborhood was home to the notorious Desire Projects, until they were demolished concurrent with HOPE VI policy. Just across Florida Avenue from that are the Florida Projects once stood. Nearby was the Agriculture Street Landfill, an old city dump that was covered over and made into a neighborhood of low-income housing, then became a Superfund toxic cleanup site. The area along the riverfront was developed first, at the start of the 19th century, followed by the natural highland along Gentilly Ridge. The designation of this area as the "9th Ward" dates from 1852, when the Wards of New Orleans were redrawn as part of the reorganization of the city from three municipalities into one centralized city government. Along the lakefront were various fishing camps built on piers, the most famous collection being Little Woods. Such camps were common along the lakefront in the 19th and early 20th century, but the collection at Little Woods was the longest lasting concentration, many surviving until Hurricane Georges in 1998. The area of the 9th Ward on the back side of St. Claude Avenue experienced the city's most significant and longest standing flooding from the New Orleans Hurricane of 1915 due to a break in the protection levee at Florida Avenue. The Industrial Canal was dredged through the neighborhood at the start of the 1920s. Most of the area between Gentilly Ridge and Lake Pontchartrain was swamp, not drained and developed until the mid and late 20th century. Lincoln Beach was an amusement park along the lakefront for African-Americans during the era of racial segregation. The nearby "Pontchartrain Beach" was the corresponding amusement area for whites. Parts of the 9th Ward flooded during Hurricane Flossy in 1956, and the Lower 9th Ward experienced catastrophic flooding in Hurricane Betsy in 1965. The 9th Ward neighborhood was thrust into the nation's spotlight in the aftermath of 2005's Hurricane Katrina. Much of the area on both sides of the Industrial Canal experienced catastrophic flooding. The majority of the damage was caused by storm surge. There were multiple severe levee breaks along both the MRGO and the Industrial Canal. Eastern New Orleans was flooded from multiple sources. The most severe was due to multiple breaches in the MRGO to the south. Some heavy waves during the storm topped the lake levee to the north, which may have contributed to the flooding in some places. Lakefront Airport, outside the main protection levees, was heavily damaged by surge from Lake Pontchartrain. Some water also overtopped a section of the Industrial Canal levee. Most of Eastern New Orleans experienced flooding, generally all areas except the Gentilly/Chef Menteur Ridge and Michoud areas. The Upper Ninth was flooded by levee and floodwall failures near the Desire neighborhood, across the Industrial Canal from the junction with the MRGO. Flooding in this part of the ward joined with that of the bulk of the City's east bank to the west, with water flowing in from the London Avenue Canal breaches. The old high ground of the section of Bywater on the Mississippi River side of St. Claude Avenue was the only substantial neighborhood to escape significant flooding. A few areas on the very highest part of Gentilly Ridge and along the lakefront fill were also above the floodwaters. The Lower Ninth Ward flooded most catastrophically, with storm surge coming through two large breaches in the Industrial Canal flood protection system, creating violent currents that not only flooded buildings, but smashed them and displaced them from their foundations. Floodwaters propelled the barge ING 4727 into the neighborhood on the other side of the levee from the Industrial Canal. During several days of the hurricane aftermath, live television news coverage from reporters and anchors who had little familiarity with New Orleans frequently included misinformation, such as referring to the Lower 9th Ward simply as "the 9th Ward" and misidentifying helicopter shots of the Industrial Canal breach as the 17th Street Canal breach (which was actually at the nearly opposite end of the city.) The Lower 9th Ward, not yet dry from Katrina, was re-flooded by Hurricane Rita a month later. During Mardi Gras 2006, the 9th Ward was a popular spot for visitors. The national attention the area received due to the hurricane and the events following the disaster provided Carnival revelers with an additional destination during their celebration. Visitors, however, were not the only ones to venture into the area. Locals flocked to the devastated neighborhoods of the ward as well. Hundreds of people gathered near the Florida housing project in the Ninth Ward on Fat Tuesday. In the quasi-celebratory spirit of a jazz funeral, many residents made their first trip back to take part in a massive block party in their former neighborhood. Since Katrina, the 9th Ward has witnessed an uneven resurgence, with the Vietnamese community in New Orleans East establishing themselves as a dining destination and commercial hub, even as Vietnamese and other fishermen further down the Parish are suffering from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill of April 20, 2010 and despite the projected shuttering of NASA's Michaud facility with the retirement of the current space shuttle fleet. Roads in the 9th Ward continue to improve. Streets neglected for years in the predominantly African-American ward before Katrina have been resurfaced, such as St. Claude Avenue and Poland Avenue, Chartres Street and parts of Desire Street, but numerous smaller neighborhood roads remain a patchwork of potholes and uneven dips and humps. As of January 1, 2011, FEMA trailers are rare in the 9th Ward, although some persist. On some streets, a block-by-block resurgence of owner-occupancy has taken place, but on others, particularly north of Galvez and parts of the Lower 9th Ward north of Claiborne Ave., large swaths of land are vacant fields. Unoccupied, blighted houses are the only structures remaining on some blocks. A shooting took place at Bunny Friend playground on 22 November 2015. In conjunction with the unauthorized block party, 17 people were injured. In the Ward, New Orleans Public Schools, schools of the Recovery School District, and charter public schools operate. Dr. King Charter School (K-12) is located in the Lower Ninth Ward; Carver High School is located in the Ninth Ward. Alfred Lawless High School was the only public high school that operated in the Lower 9th until Hurricane Katrina in August 2005. The previous Holy Cross High School campus was located in the Lower Ninth Ward. In August 2007 students from Carver and Marshall Middle School began studying at temporary trailers on the site of Holy Cross. </doc> <doc id="2345302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345302" title="C.S.D. Macará"> C.S.D. Macará Club Social y Deportivo Macará is a professional football club based in Ambato, Ecuador. Their home stadium is Bellavista, which they share with city rivals Técnico Universitario. In July 1939, a group of young students from Colegio Nacional Bolívar gathered to form an independent sporting club, and shortly afterwards entered a minor tournament under the name 'Independiente'. However, in searching for further guidance, they talked to Army Captain Galo Molina (a student's relative) and together they formed Macará, naming the team after Ecuador's southern army stronghold. They offered the presidency to Mr. Jorge Vicente Alvarez, and he pronounced the following words: ""Del Carchi al Macará... Macará ganará"" (From Carchi to Macará... Macará will win); thus accepting the position. Whilst Macará took part in Ecuadorian regional tournaments, the introduction of a National Championship saw them struggle to find a place among the best in the early 1960s. It took a while for the team to become strong and earn a permanent place in Primera A. Great players in the late 1960s and early and mid-1970s, such as Ítalo Estupiñán, Rómulo Dudar Mina, Arnaldo Sanchez Perrone(one of the best defenders Ecuador had in the late 1960s pretended from Barcelona of Guayaquil, Everest, and Ecuadorian Nacional team to play for his country in ``London World Cup`` in 1965) and Polo Carrera, made the team competitive. They were relegated in 1978 but eventually returned to Primera A. With such class players as Peruvian all-time great Germán Leguía, fellow countryman and international Juan Martín Caballero, Uruguayan playmaker Rodolfo Abalde and such leading Ecuadorian players as Geovanny Mera, Jorge Alvear, Angel Buenaño, Juan Carlos Suárez, Ricardo Porras and Milton Rodríguez; the team became serious title contenders in the late 1980s and, although never becoming champions, they were recognized as a great national footballing side that would on several occasions maul the country's greatest teams including Barcelona and Liga, and their classic rivals, Técnico Universitario. In the early 1990s, the team lost consistency and would eventually get relegated to Primera B in 1991, and to Segunda Categoría in 1992, although they only stayed there for one season. In 1998, the club won the second division championship, and was promoted to Primera A, under chairman Miller Salazar. The team consolidated its position in the 2000 season and the center forward, Christian José Bottero, finished as the top scorer in Primera in 1999. At this time they had a good group of players including Daniel Garrido, John Ordoñez, Lino Sánchez and Héctor Lautaro Chiriboga, that would remain for the next season. However, the Ecuadorian economic crisis of 1999 and 2000 was a painful hit for the club, and added to that, their key player, Lino Sánchez's, suffered an injury in 2000 that would finish his career. In 2002, the club was forced to sell their stars Garrido and Patricio Urrutia and their performance suffered and they were relegated from Primera A at the end of the year. After that, Miller Salazar was less effective as manager, and was replaced by young businessman Ricardo Callejas. He brought fresh ideas and much needed investment and introduced better financial management. The team acquired fine players in Matías Urbano and Oscar Pacheco, among others. However, the club sold Urbano to Deportivo Quito by midyear, due to the player being unprepared to play in a lower division league. The team earned promotion for the 2004 season. 2004 was an unsatisfactory year, because, although having good players in Cristian Mora and Oscar Monge and others, it became difficult for the team to reach the last 6's group and be in contention for the title and the expenditure for appointing renowned coach Dussan Draskovic did not succeed as well as was hoped. The 2005 season saw the team relegated but they would be back again to the first division by 2007. For the second half of the Ecuadorian "Campeonato Nacional" in 2007, Macará started with Roque Raúl Alfaro as coach, but lack of positive results had him and the team in a very difficult position. The base of national players had a fairly good performance in most of the games, particularly Luís M. Garcés, Marvín Pita and goalkeeper Jacinto Espinoza, not to mention U18 players, one of which just returned form the Panamerican Games in Rio de Janeiro with a gold medal; but the problem wasn't the nationals, the problems came from the foreign players, with the exception of defender Matías Gonzáles, who even scored a few times, the rest were a disappointment. Paraguayan striker Fabio Escobar was unstable, some games he had solid performances, like the one against Barcelona S.C in Guayaquil, where he performed his tactical role of distracting the opposition´ defense very well, but when it came to scoring, he wasted most of his chances, but to be fair, it might have been more the coach's fault for giving him duties he was not used to. The worst case was Mariano Monroy who never found his place on the field and looked lost in every single game he played; Lezcano wasn't everything the team needed him to be. With that scenario, the team's management decided it was time to part ways with Roque Raúl Alfaro. After he left, they signed Argentinian, Raúl Urquiza, who did a much better job on the last stretch of the tournament, lining up players that were overlooked by the former coach and contributing to the development of more effective plays, which reached its peak at Ibarra's Olympic Stadium on 3 October 2007, when Macara's offensive power burst in full force, scoring 4 goals in the first half and receiving just 1 in the second. Now, both teams were at risk of descending to section B of Ecuadorian first division, Macará had a better goal difference and there was still one more game left, another very favourable fact was that Imbabura had to play away against Deportivo Azogues in the south part of the country and Macará was hosting Emelec in Bellevista Stadium in Ambato. With a large number of fans cheering for them on 7 October 2007 and confirming their good moment, they defeated Emelec 2–0 and Macará had for the second year in a row, kept its place on the premier section of Ecuador's "Campeonato Nacional". Considering that, next tournament would be much more competitive, given that there will be 2 more teams, game attendance is a must, because it's key to a team's spirit and positive attitude on the field, as well as from the city's business community where Macará has many fans and which could be a positive contributor in order to form a strong, competitive group of players. For 2008, Macará hired Colombian coach Jaime De La Pava to the club, and replaced a significant part of the squad. They saw three of their best players leave the club, Luis Miguel Garcés went to cash-rich Barcelona, Mariano Mina transferred to Deportivo Cuenca and Christian Botero switched to Universidad Católica, where he played for a few months before going into retirement (and swiftly returning to Macará as an academy coach). The team struggled for the major part of the first semester, which meant repeated fates for successively fired coaches De La Pava and Argentinian Jorge García. For the second part of the year, and with the arrival of Mario Jaquet to lead the coaching staff, Macará looked impressive and secured first place in their qualification group and consequently, earned themselves a place for the finals, something not achieved since 1989. However, Macará couldn't qualify for the Copa Libertadores de América. Jaquet was later confirmed as first team coach for the 2009 season. During the 2011 season, Macara was in Primera B and moved up as the runners up at the end of the season with its rival Tecnico Universitario. Macará's kit manufacturer has been Marathon Sports since 2009 when they finished their relationship with Astro. Historically, Macará has had their kit produced by local and national manufacturers, but since late 1990s it has changed at the rate of almost a brand per year. These include: Marathon Sports, Puma, Diadora, Le Coq Sportif, Joma and Astro. The majors sponsor are Universidad Tecnológica Indoamérica, local footwear company Venus, Makrotubo, L. Gilbert, Hotel Casino Emperador and Ecuavisa, which also broadcasts the team's home games. As regards kit producers, the sponsorship deals vary from year to year, with the most recent main sponsors being Cerveza Pilsener, Banco del Pichincha, Mazda, Sunny Juices and Daihatsu. The club has two major rivalries: fellow ground-sharers and city rivals Técnico Universitario, the derby games referred to as the "Clásico Ambateño"; and Centro Deportivo Olmedo with whom they contest the "Clásico Interandino". to Delfín Macará has had two players become the top scorer in the national championship. They are: </doc> <doc id="2345303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345303" title="Collège Laval"> Collège Laval Collège Laval is a private Roman Catholic French-language high school located in Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Laval, Quebec, in Canada. Today the college has an enrollment of 2000 students, and over 10,000 in alumni. The school is a member of the Quebec-based . It was established in 1854 and has been under the management of Marist Brothers since 1888. In 1996, it started accepting female students (It was a male-only institution since its founding.) A gender-specific uniform is required to be worn by all students. </doc> <doc id="2345321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345321" title="Yuri Zavadsky"> Yuri Zavadsky Yuri Alexandrovich Zavadsky (; 30 June 1894 — 5 April 1977), HSL, PAU, was a Russian actor and director. Zavadsky studied under Yevgeny Vakhtangov, and made his acting debut at Vakhtangov's theatre, playing Anthony in Maurice Maeterlinck's play "The Miracle of St. Anthony" in (1915). He worked in various Russian theatres before moving to the Mossovet Theatre in Moscow as a director in 1940. The most famous actors of his company were Rostislav Plyatt (1908–89), Faina Ranevskaya (1896-1984), Lyubov Orlova (1902–75), and his wife Vera Maretskaya (1906-1978). </doc> <doc id="2345322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345322" title="Blasting"> Blasting Blasting can be: </doc> <doc id="2345330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345330" title="Guy Salisbury-Jones"> Guy Salisbury-Jones Major-General Sir Arthur Guy Salisbury-Jones (1896 – 1985) was a British Army officer and the Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Households of George VI and Elizabeth II between 1950 and 1961. Salisbury-Jones was the son of Arthur Thomas Salisbury-Jones. He was commissioned into the Coldstream Guards from the Royal Military College, Sandhurst on 22 December 1915. He saw action on the Western Front in the First World War with the Guards, and was Mentioned in Dispatches and awarded the Military Cross. He ended the war as a Major. Salisbury-Jones served as the Commanding Officer of the 3rd Battalion, Coldstream Guards, in Palestine between 1938 and 1939. Following the outbreak of the Second World War he served with British forces in Egypt, before becoming Head of the British Military Mission to Greece in 1940. After the defeat of Allied forces there, he became Head of the Military Mission in South Africa and became Acting Brigadier. Between 1944 and 1945, Salisbury-Jones worked at the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force. He was invested as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in August 1945. After the war, he headed up the British Military Mission to France before ending his military career as military attaché in Paris from 1946 to 1949. From 1948 to 1949 he served as Aide-de-camp to King George VI. He worked in the Royal Household as Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps from 1950 to 1961. When he retired he looked to combine his love of France with his home in Hambledon, Hampshire. As a result, in 1951 he planted an acre of vines (Seyval Blanc), which was later expanded and in 1954 produced the first crop. This was the first commercial vineyard in the UK for about a hundred years and led to the now flourishing production of English wine. In the 1960s and 1970s 'Hambledon' became synonymous with English wine. He was made a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order on 20 December 1961. He wrote the biography of the distinguished French general, Jean de Lattre de Tassigny. He married Hilda Violet Helena de Bunsen, daughter of Sir Maurice de Bunsen, 1st Baronet on 10 November 1931. His daughter, Mariette Helena, married Nathaniel Fiennes, 21st Baron Saye and Sele. Salisbury-Jones died at Hambledon. </doc> <doc id="2345335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345335" title="John Monck"> John Monck Sir John Berkeley Monck was His Majesty's Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1950. He was His Majesty's Assistant Marshal 1920 to 1936, then His Majesty's Vice-Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps 1936 to 1945, and acting Marshal 1939 to 1945, when Lieutenant-General Sir George Clive was on war duty. In 1952 he became a Gentlemen Usher in the Household of Queen Elizabeth II. </doc> <doc id="2345336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345336" title="Gene mapping"> Gene mapping Gene mapping describes the methods used to identify the locus of a gene and the distances between genes. The essence of all genome mapping is to place a collection of molecular markers onto their respective positions on the genome. Molecular markers come in all forms. Genes can be viewed as one special type of genetic markers in the construction of genome maps, and mapped the same way as any other markers. There are two distinctive types of "Maps" used in the field of genome mapping: genetic maps and physical maps. While both maps are a collection of genetic markers and gene loci, genetic maps' distances are based on the genetic linkage information, while physical maps use actual physical distances usually measured in number of base pairs. While the physical map could be a more "accurate" representation of the genome, genetic maps often offer insights into the nature of different regions of the chromosome, e.g. the genetic distance to physical distance ratio varies greatly at different genomic regions which reflects different recombination rates, and such rate is often indicative of euchromatic (usually gene-rich) vs heterochromatic (usually gene poor) regions of the genome. Researchers begin a genetic map by collecting samples of blood or tissue from family members that carry a prominent disease or trait and family members that don't. Scientists then isolate DNA from the samples and closely examine it, looking for unique patterns in the DNA of the family members who do carry the disease that the DNA of those who don't carry the disease don't have. These unique molecular patterns in the DNA are referred to as polymorphisms, or markers. The first steps of building a genetic map are the development of genetic markers and a mapping population. The closer two markers are on the chromosome, the more likely they are to be passed on to the next generation together. Therefore, the "co-segregation" patterns of all markers can be used to reconstruct their order. With this in mind, the genotypes of each genetic marker are recorded for both parents and each individual in the following generations. The quality of the genetic maps is largely dependent upon these factors: the number of genetic markers on the map and the size of the mapping population. The two factors are interlinked, as a larger mapping population could increase the "resolution" of the map and prevent the map being "saturated". In gene mapping, any sequence feature that can be faithfully distinguished from the two parents can be used as a genetic marker. Genes, in this regard, are represented by "traits" that can be faithfully distinguished between two parents. Their linkage with other genetic markers are calculated in the same way as if they are common markers and the actual gene loci are then bracketed in a region between the two nearest neighbouring markers. The entire process is then repeated by looking at more markers which target that region to map the gene neighbourhood to a higher resolution until a specific causative locus can be identified. This process is often referred to as "positional cloning", and it is used extensively in the study of plant species The great advantage of genetic mapping is that it can identify the relative position of genes based solely on their phenotypic effect. Since actual base-pair distances are generally hard or impossible to directly measure, physical maps are actually constructed by first shattering the genome into hierarchically smaller pieces. By characterizing each single piece and assembling back together, the overlapping path or "tiling path" of these small fragments would allow researchers to infer physical distances between genomic features. The fragmentation of the genome can be achieved by restriction enzyme cutting or by physically shattering the genome by processes like sonication. Once cut, the DNA fragments are separated by electrophoresis. The resulting pattern of DNA migration (i.e. its genetic fingerprint) is used to identify what stretch of DNA is in the clone. By analyzing the fingerprints, contigs are assembled by automated (FPC) or manual means (pathfinders) into overlapping DNA stretches. Now a good choice of clones can be made to efficiently sequence the clones to determine the DNA sequence of the organism under study. In physical mapping, there are no direct ways of marking up a specific gene since the mapping does not include any information that concerns traits and functions. Genetic markers can be linked to a physical map by processes like in situ hybridization. By this approach, physical map contigs can be "anchored" onto a genetic map. The clones used in the physical map contigs can then be sequenced on a local scale to help new genetic marker design and identification of the causative loci. Macrorestriction is a type of physical mapping wherein the high molecular weight DNA is digested with a restriction enzyme having a low number of restriction sites. There are alternative ways to determine how DNA in a group of clones overlaps without completely sequencing the clones. Once the map is determined, the clones can be used as a resource to efficiently contain large stretches of the genome. This type of mapping is more accurate than genetic maps. Genome sequencing is sometimes mistakenly referred to as "genome mapping" by non-biologists. The process of "shotgun sequencing" resembles the process of physical mapping: it shatters the genome into small fragments, characterizes each fragment, then puts them back together (more recent sequencing technologies are drastically different). While the scope, purpose and process are totally different, a genome assembly can be viewed as the "ultimate" form of physical map, in that it provides in a much better way all the information that a traditional physical map can offer. Identification of genes is usually the first step in understanding a genome of a species; mapping of the gene is usually the first step of identification of the gene. Gene mapping is usually the starting point of many important downstream studies. The process to identify a genetic element that is responsible for a disease is also referred to as "mapping". If the locus in which the search is performed is already considerably constrained, the search is called the "fine mapping" of a gene. This information is derived from the investigation of disease manifestations in large families (genetic linkage) or from populations-based genetic association studies. </doc> <doc id="2345340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345340" title="Hour 25"> Hour 25 Hour 25 is a radio program focusing on science fiction, fantasy, and science. It was broadcast weekly on Pacifica radio station KPFK in Southern California from 1972 to 2000, and is now produced on an irregularly-scheduled basis (typically two or three episodes a year) and distributed over the Internet via hour25online.com. "Hour 25" has featured numerous interviews with famous authors of science fiction and fantasy, in addition to luminaries of the scientific community. The program was hosted by Mike Hodel (working with a series of co-hosts) from 1972 to 1986; Hodel was succeeded by Harlan Ellison, who was the regular host in 1986-87. Notable science fiction authors Steven Barnes, Arthur Byron Cover, David Gerrold and J. Michael Straczynski also hosted the show at various times in the 1980s and 1990s. The show is now hosted by Warren James. Since 2010, the show has rarely done interviews, most broadcasts now generally consisting of twice-a-year readings of public domain holiday-themed science fiction stories. On the website, in addition to new programs, there is an extensive archive of older shows featuring interviews with popular authors, including Terry Pratchett, Larry Niven, Laurie R. King, Frank Kelly Freas, and Neil Gaiman. "Hour 25" was one of the longest-running science fiction radio programs, surpassed by only "Hour of the Wolf", and surpassing "Shockwave Radio Theater"'s 28 year run. In its first years, "Hour 25" functioned almost as a science fiction "web page" for the Los Angeles area fan base, before computer technology made it much simpler to keep up-to-date on news and events in the relatively small world of science-fiction fandom. It was also one of the earliest programs to be taken seriously by both authors and publishers. "Hour 25" was originally hosted by Katherine Calkin and Mitchell Harding, who were quickly joined by Mike Hodel after the first few months. The trio's appreciation for the genre and differing tastes brought a unique quality to the program, which was an eclectic mixture of science fiction news, reviews, readings, filk music, occasional on-air listener phone calls, interviews, and playing of science fiction radio shows such as "X Minus One" and "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy". The show has gone through a number of hosts, and can be usefully subdivided into different eras by host tenure: "Hour 25" first took to the air in January 1972, and was created by Mitchell Harding, Katherine Calkin, Mike Hodel and Terry Hodel. Though Mike Hodel was involved in the show's creation from the very beginning, he was initially unable to host it due to other commitments, and "Hour 25" was originally hosted by Katherine Calkin, with engineer Mitchell Harding serving as "de facto" co-host, often identifying himself on-air as "John Henry Thong". ("Mitchell Harding" was itself also a pseudonym—his real name was Eugene Loring Ware.) Mike Hodel would join the on-air cast within the first few months, and with a now permanent trio of co-hosts in place, "Hour 25" began to take on its most well-remembered form. The show took a certain amount of pride in fostering the LA science fiction community. Terry Hodel, Mike Hodel's wife, maintained and read on the air each week a calendar of science fiction related events in the Los Angeles area, which before electronic media and the internet was the only way many science fiction fans learned of conventions and book signings. "Hour 25" also adopted a fan-friendly method of operation in Southern California; the outer door of the station was deliberately propped open during the program, allowing fans to come and go as they pleased. Fans would often drop by the station to meet the evening's guests, or to deliver refreshments. Originally, the three-hour show aired Friday nights from 10:00 PM to 1:00 AM, but when the management at KPFK threatened to cancel the show, the producers were able to negotiate a schedule change. The last hour of the program, which was largely devoted to playing old-time radio shows, was eliminated, and beginning in May 1975, "Hour 25" aired on Saturday morning from midnight to 2:00 AM. In October, 1976, the show moved back to its original starting time, Fridays at 10:00 PM, and ended at midnight. It would then continue airing in this timeslot for the next two decades. As the show became more of a fixture in the LA science-fiction community, noted authors began to make appearances on the show. Theodore Sturgeon was the first author to be interviewed by the show, in 1973; in the years following, "Hour 25" interviewed virtually every major writer in the field. One well-known recorded interview was with author Philip K. Dick in 1976, in which Mike Hodel talked with Dick about his new book, "A Scanner Darkly", and Dick read some passages which he said were inspired by his own use of drugs. The original recording was over three hours long, but the broadcast version was edited to be much shorter. Some time after being aired, Hodel realized that neither version of the interview could be found in the station archives, but a 75-minute version of the Dick interview is now available and a transcript is held on the Internet Archive. "Hour 25" was also one of the first US radio programs to introduce the American audience to "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" before NPR gained rights and aired it. It was broadcast as two series of six shows with a "bridge" episode, and was replayed until NPR gained the rights. "Hour 25" later featured Douglas Adams as an in-studio guest. Calkin, one of the show's original creators and co-hosts, departed in 1976 for a position at KUSC, and was not replaced. After co-host/engineer Mitchell Harding departed from "Hour 25" in 1981 to take a position at KCRW-FM, Hodel co-hosted the show with science fiction and television writer Mel Gilden, who was then just beginning his career. At this same time, Harding's engineering duties were taken over by Joe Adams, who would occasionally co-host shows that featured discussions of various comics. Later, Burt Handlesman, who was often affectionately identified on-air as "Burt Handlesman, Crack Engineer", would become the program's engineer and announcer. As well, for several years in the early 1980s, Bill Warren was a once-a-month "media" co-host. One frequently discussed concept in the show was the "Group Mind", which consisted of all the listeners. Hodel often said there was no topic that some "cell" of the Group Mind wouldn't have information about. Many times members of the "Group Mind" would call in with answers as the show aired, presaging live shows today which have chat rooms for the same function. Harlan Ellison was a frequent and favorite guest on the program. On August 14, 1976, he was the guest and after explaining what would happen that night he started work on a story. He began with the audience suggesting words and phrases he could use. He picked three and began typing, describing what he was doing and occasionally asking the hosts and audience for help. This continued so long that the host of the following show gave him more air time. The show lasted over 3 and 1/2 hours, but he was unable to finish the story that night. Ellison came back on August 28 and continued writing. He returned once more on September 4, 1976 and read the completed story, "Hitler Painted Roses." Ellison later "immortalized" "Hour 25" (and some of its staff) in a story, "The Hour That Stretches", which featured the radio show as a central element. When Mike Hodel became gravely ill in early 1986, Ellison took over co-hosting the show with Mel Gilden. After Mike Hodel died on May 6, 1986, Ellison became the official new co-host on May 9, the memorial program for Mike Hodel. Gilden left the show a month later, leaving Ellison as the sole host. Terry Hodel continued with the show as executive producer, and also continued to maintain and read the calendar listings. Ellison opened each program by reading vignettes of his own composition while music from the opening credits of "Dark of the Sun" played in the background. Ellison renamed the program "Mike Hodel's Hour 25", and began closing each show by saying "Goodnight, Mike." As the sole host of "Hour 25", Ellison began to find it challenging to create two hours of original content every week; the Harlan Ellison FAQ (which is overseen by Ellison) also mentions that Ellison felt that the people at Pacifica Radio/KPFK were being "less than civil" and "abusive" to him. Ellison left the show after the broadcast of June 19, 1987. When Harlan Ellison decided to leave "Hour 25", he contacted writer J. Michael Straczynski and asked him to take over the show as its weekly host. Straczynski brought Larry DiTillio on as co-host; the two hosted "Hour 25" for a little over two years, although David Gerrold was a frequent substitute host during this era. The show continued to interview such guests as Ray Bradbury, Norman Corwin, John Carpenter, Dean Koontz, Walter Koenig, Neil Gaiman and scores of other writers, directors and actors. Beginning in 1989, the show moved to using a series of rotating hosts. The hosts sometimes worked solo, more often in pairs or even trios with little week-to-week continuity. Amongst the regular pool of hosts and co-hosts during this era were Straczynski, DiTillio, Arthur Byron Cover, Steven Barnes and Warren W. James. Author David Gerrold hosted one show solo and co-hosted at least one show with DiTillio during this era, though he was not a regular host. In 1992, Straczynski, DiTillio and Cover all left "Hour 25" due to creative differences with KPFK station management—particularly with regard to language used on the air, and management's request for advance notice of the program's content. This left only James and Barnes as hosts. As of 1992, the show was now hosted primarily by Warren James, with Steven Barnes taking over as host approximately once a month. After a few years, Barnes left the show to move to the Pacific Northwest, leaving James as the show's sole host, although Jeff Laube, Nick Smith and Sandy Rymer occasionally (and individually) co-hosted the show with James on an informal basis. A special 25th anniversary show aired in January, 1997, and featured several co-hosts from years past, including Mitchell Harding, Katherine Calkin, Mel Gilden and J. Michael Straczynski. In 1998, the show was cut from its longstanding two-hour running time to one hour. Terry Hodel continued as the executive producer of the show (and as the presenter of the calendar listings) until her death in March 1999. At this time, Suzanne Gibson became producer, and also took over as the compiler and presenter of the calendar listings. Gibson also frequently functioned as an unofficial co-host, participating in interview segments and story readings. The show left KPFK in the fall of 2000, and became an internet-only radio show at that time. With the time restrictions of fitting into a specific radio station timeslot lifted, "Hour 25" episodes now lasted anywhere from 60 to 150 minutes, depending on the subject matter and material available for broadcast. After the first few weeks as an internet-only show, calendar listings were no longer read on the air but were instead posted on the show's website — although even this practice petered out in early 2002. The show kept to a weekly schedule through mid-2002, after which the frequency with which new episodes were produced started to decline. New episodes were generally heard approximately twice a month through 2004, then roughly once a month in 2005. Dedicated author interviews became rare: from 2006-2011, "Hour 25" produced between 2 and 6 new episodes each year, usually centred around reports from Loscon, or readings of Christmas and/or Hallowe'en-themed science fiction stories. After 2008, episode lengths were consistently kept to under an hour, and Loscon reports were discontinued after 2010. The show seemed to have wound down with a Hallowe'en episode broadcast in 2011, but after exactly a one-year absence, Hour 25 returned with a Hallowe'en episode on October 31, 2012. In the show's opening segment, show host James explained that "Hour 25"'s dramatically reduced production schedule was due to a number of factors, including medical and financial difficulties. However, he also stated that "reports that "Hour 25" has ended are most certainly in error." An episode of Christmas readings followed on December 25. A 92-minute interview with author David Brin (following 20 minutes of Hour-25-news) was recorded in February 2013 and posted in March. This was the first episode of Hour 25 since 2010 not to consist of Hallowe'en or Christmas readings. 2014 also had episodes with non-holiday content, but since 2015, Hour 25 has reverted to two episodes per year, consisting solely of Hallowe'en and Christmas readings. The show's opening theme was, for much of its run, "Needles and Bones" from Vangelis's 1975 album "Heaven and Hell". "Jupiter" from Holst's "The Planets" was also used, as well as "Tubular Bells" and other mixed material. The original opening was created by Joe Adams in 1973, a sound effect collage based on "Dizzy Dizzy" by the Europop group Can. Later versions (under Mike Hodel and then Warren James) were created by Burt Handelsman (BHCE). </doc> <doc id="2345342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345342" title="Sidney Clive"> Sidney Clive Lieutenant-General Sir George Sidney Clive, (16 July 1874 – 7 October 1959) was a British Army officer who subsequently became Military Secretary. Clive was the son of General Edward Clive and Isabel Webb and he was educated at Harrow School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Clive was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards in 1893, and promoted to Lieutenant on 26 October 1897. He took part in the military expedition to the Sudan in 1898, and was promoted to Captain on 28 January 1900, during a temporary appointment as Adjutant of his battalion (19 January - 24 March 1900). He fought in the Second Boer War between 1899 and 1902, where he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). He attended Staff College, Camberley in 1903 and became a General Staff Officer at the War Office in 1905. He served in the First World War as Head of the British Mission at the French Army headquarters from 1915 to the end of the War and was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Bath. Clive also received several decorations from France, Belgium and Russia. After the War, in 1919, Clive was appointed Military Governor of Cologne and from 1919 to 1920, he was Commander of the 1st Infantry Brigade at Aldershot (as a temporary Brigadier). He was appointed British Military Representative to the Armaments Commission of the League of Nations in Geneva in 1921 and became Military attaché in Paris in 1924, rising to Major-General in the same year. He was appointed Director of Personal Services at the War Office in 1928 and Military Secretary in 1930. He was invested as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in 1933. Clive retired from the army in 1934, as a Lieutenant General, and served as Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps between 1934 and 1946 and as High Sheriff of Herefordshire in 1939. He was invested as a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (GCVO) in 1937. Clive was a Justice of the Peace and the Deputy Lieutenant of Herefordshire. He died on 7 October 1959 in a disastrous fire at the family home, Perrystone Court, near Ross-on-Wye. On 26 March 1901 Clive married Madeline Buxton and the couple had three sons (including Archer Clive, who fought with distinction in World War II) and two daughters. </doc> <doc id="2345343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345343" title="New MacDonald's Farm"> New MacDonald's Farm New McDonald's Farm is an Australian children's television program broadcast on the Nine Network and Playhouse Disney, with episodes being produced from 2004 until at least 2008. This show and Australian hit "Hi-5" used to swap the timeslot in order to film new seasons. The show revolves around a farm in the country owned by Milly and Max and occupied by six farm animals: Henry the Horse, Daisy the cow, Dash the Duck, Percy the Pig, Shirley the Sheep, and Charlotte the Hen. The show is aimed at pre-schoolers, and is of a light-hearted nature. It includes short sequences related to the show's plot, and sequences of singing and dancing with Max, Milly and some other children (who are older than pre-school age). Max is a forgetful, funny and energetic farm worker, who often gets his foot stuck in a bucket. Milly, on the other hand, is an intelligent, helpful and caring farmhand, who often helps Max out of his sticky situations. Each episode is half an hour long. The name of the show suggests that it was inspired by the classic children's song Old McDonald Had a Farm. Which is quite suitable, as it is not exactly what you would call an olden day farm, but the exact opposite, except for the good old windmill. Animatronic designer and puppeteer Ian James Colmer, who also plays the voice of Charlotte the Hen, now runs a film production company Destiny Pictures (www.destinypictures.net). Charlotte the Hen got her name from a competition winner named Charlotte with initial S. All songs for the show are provided by a team of writers from Sony/ ATV Music Publishing. Recording & production of all music is done by Jay Collie, who is also known for his performance, songwriting and production work in the popular country/rock/pop band, Jonah's Road. The farm is tying into the title's name "New McDonald's Farm". The logo (on the entrance to the farm) is a yellow sun with the title name on it (in yellow, blue and orange. A running gag is that whenever the sign falls down, Max is desperate to fix it. The "Song of the Day" segment is after the intro of the show. Max and Milly are played by 2 Brisbane actors, Tim and Nikki, who wear large foam and fabric costumes with animatronic heads. The controls are very simple and involve servo motors to actuate the eye blink, eye turn and mouth open and close. This is a very basic system, which relies on the character performers off screen to watch and listen to the pre-recorded audio track, and try to sync the mouth movement. The animals are cable controlled and have limited movement, sometimes requiring the performers to pick them up and physically move them around to create the illusion of life. Inside their suits, Tim and Nicky must wear cold vests, which are made of a gel. These are frozen, and then slowly thaw out as the actors wear them. The suits are extremely hot to wear. After the first season, James Colmer was commissioned to re-design and re-build all the head animatronics, making them lighter, stronger, and easier to maintain. A full kilogram of weight was shaved off, by the use of lightweight aluminium. For the third season they were re-designed and re-built again, this time by Dan Carlisle. These heads proved to be the most reliable and actor friendly. They required next to no maintenance and were much lighter compared to the heads of the first and second series. The new mechanisms also provided a much greater range of movement. One of the makers have worked on dozens of other children's shows including Simon Hopkinson who wrote "Petals", the animated feature film "The Magic Pudding", "Raggs", "Chuck Finn", "Dive Olly Dive!" and "Bananas in Pyjamas", Ron Saunders was well known as the creator of "Spellbinder" and "Johnson and Friends" and Ian Munro who also directed "Hi-5", "Bananas in Pyjamas", "Johnson and Friends", "Magic Mountain", "Cushion Kids" and "Toybox". </doc> <doc id="2345344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345344" title="John Hanbury-Williams"> John Hanbury-Williams Major-General Sir John Hanbury-Williams (19 October 1859 – 19 October 1946) was a British Army officer, who served as Military Secretary to the Secretary of State for War and later Brigadier-General in charge of Administration (Scotland). He served on the International Olympic Committee (IOC), representing Canada between 1911 and 1921. During the First World War he was head of the British military mission with the Russian Stavka with direct access to Tsar Nicholas II. John Hanbury-Williams was the youngest son of Ferdinand Hanbury-Williams, of Coldbrook Park, Monmouthshire. He was educated at Wellington College. Hanbury-Williams attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and in 1878 he was commissioned into the 43rd Light Infantry. He was ADC to Lieutenant General Sir E Hamley in the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882. That same year he took part in the Battle of Tel-El-Kebir, and was mentioned in despatches. He was extra ADC to Sir M. E. Grant Duff, Governor of Madras in 1884 and 1885. Hanbury-Williams was Adjutant of the 3rd Oxfordshire Light Infantry from 1892 to 1897. He served in the Second Boer War between 1899 and 1900 and was mentioned in despatches. He was Military Secretary to Sir Alfred Milner from 1897 to 1900 and Military Secretary to the Secretary of State for War from 1900 to 1903. He was the Canadian Governor-General's Secretary and Military Secretary from 1904 to 1909. He was Brigadier-General in charge of Administration (Scotland) from 1909 to 1914. In 1911 he was elected as a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to represent Canada and served on the IOC until 1921. He was employed on the General Staff in 1914. During the First World War he was head of the British military mission with the Russian Stavka and was mentioned in despatches. This post provided Hanbury-Williams with direct access to the Tsar. He later wrote a book titled "The Emperor Nicholas II, as I knew him". He was in charge of the British Prisoners of War Department at the Hague from August 1917 to March 1918 and at Berne from April 1918 to December 1918. He retired from the Army in 1919. He was Her Majesty's Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of England from 1920 to 1934. Hanbury-Williams was Colonel Commandant of the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry from 1918 to the time of his death when he was succeeded in the post by General Sir Bernard Paget. He was Extra Equerry to the King from 1934. He was appointed GCVO in 1926, KCB in 1917, KCVO in 1908, CMG in 1899 and CVO in 1902. John Hanbury-Williams married Annie Emily, youngest daughter of Emil Reiss, in 1888, with whom he was to have four children. His wife pre-deceased him in 1933. It is considered that the Hanbury-Williams family probably provided the last link between the 43rd Light Infantry and the county of Monmouthshire. Partly as a result of what he had seen at first hand in Russia during the First World War, Hanbury-Williams became a fierce opponent of Bolshevism, and was a founding member of the Liberty League which was formed in the United Kingdom after the War with a view to combat the spread of this political creed. In 1934 he appeared as a witness in Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia’s famous and successful libel suit against Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Limited following the release in England of the film "Rasputin, the Mad Monk" (USA title: "Rasputin and the Empress"). In later life Sir John Hanbury-Williams resided in an apartment in the Henry III Tower at Windsor Castle, where he died on 19 October 1946, on his eighty-seventh birthday. His oldest son was Sir John Coldbrook Hanbury-Williams (1892-1965), while another of his sons was killed in 1916 whilst serving with the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry. </doc> <doc id="2345347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345347" title="C.D. Técnico Universitario"> C.D. Técnico Universitario Club Deportivo Técnico Universitario is an Ecuadorian football club based in Ambato, Ecuador. It was founded on March 26 of 1971. Their city rivals are Macará. Were twice runners-up in Serie A of Ecuador in 1978 and 1980, being the first and only club runner of Ecuador has not been of Guayas and Pichincha. On November 25 of 2011 crown his great season getting promotion to the top flight as champions, winning 2–0 at home to Atlético Audaz, orense squad failed because of administrative problems the club is suspended by the FEF. "As of February 18, 2018." </doc> <doc id="2345348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345348" title="Anshuman Gaekwad"> Anshuman Gaekwad Anshuman Dattajirao Gaekwad (born 23 September 1952) is a former Indian cricketer and two-time Indian national cricket coach. He played in 40 Test matches and 15 One Day Internationals. Gaekwad was known for his defensive mindset against pace bowlers, which became a high priority when the West Indian pace bowlers dominated world cricket. He was nicknamed "The Great Wall". He made his Test debut against the West Indies at Kolkata on 27 December 1974 and his last appearance in a Test match was against England at Kolkata itself on the last day of 1984. Being a right-handed batsman, Gaekwad scored 1985 runs from 40 Tests at an average of 30.07 with 2 centuries and 10 half centuries to his credit. He scored his highest Test score of 201 against Pakistan at Jalandhar in 1982–83. This innings, where he spent 671 minutes, is an example for his patient style and concentration. Anshuman Gaekwad worked for GSFC (Vadodara) after retiring from Cricket and took early retirement in 2000. He is currently based in Vadodara, Gujarat, India. In June 2018, he was awarded with the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). </doc> <doc id="2345349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345349" title="Groningen Airport Eelde"> Groningen Airport Eelde Groningen Airport Eelde is a minor international airport near Eelde in the province of Drenthe in the northeastern Netherlands. It is south of the city of Groningen. In 2015, the airport handled 220,710 passengers. The airport is also the home base of the KLM Flight Academy, Noord Nederlandse Aero Club (NNAC) and General Enterprises. The airport started under the name "Hakenkampsveld" in 1928 and was officially opened in 1931. It was renamed "Luchthaven Eelde" in 1933. During World War II, the German military occupied the airport. Since 1958, there are European destinations from the airport. Since 1988, the airport has been called Groningen Airport Eelde. Groningen Airport Eelde's (GAE) history can be traced back to 1927, when Hayo Hindriks, an ex-alderman of the municipality Eelde, approaches the KLM (without informing the community's council). He knew that the KLM would be interested in an air link between Rotterdam, Amsterdam and Groningen. On July 13, 1928, the community's council agrees on a proposal to allocate 'Hakenkampsveld', a 12 hectare terrain within the municipality of Eelde, as an airport. The airport was officially opened by mayor Jan Gerard Legro on May 23, 1931. 40,000 visitors watched the air show, which was held to celebrate the opening. On August 15 of the same year the first scheduled service between Eelde and Amsterdam/Schiphol started, which did not appear to be viable. In 1933, the airport's name was changed into "NV Luchthaven Eelde". Stockholders being the provinces of Groningen and Drenthe, the municipalities of Groningen, Eelde and Assen and the Chambers of Commerce and Factories for Groningen, Drenthe and the peat-colonies. Now there was money to expand the airport. At that time the airport's area covered 12 hectares. Furthermore, a new service between the airport and Amsterdam/Schiphol was set up. During World War II, between 1940 and 1945, the airport was occupied by the German Military. However, the Airport's hangars were completely destroyed by Dutch soldiers, when they retreated from the militarily superior invaders. The occupation was a severe blow to the airport's promising expectations, but the airport played an important role in the war. During the occupation, the airport was expanded considerably by the Germans. Many hangars were built and the apron was expanded to accommodate fighter aircraft. Early 1945, the Germans abandoned their ""Fliegerhorst"". During the German retreat, a member of the local resistance, W.W. Krijthe, prevented the airport from being blown up, by cutting the explosives' ignition wires. In the summer of 1945 Canadian soldiers used the airport to store vehicles of the 5th Canadian (Armoured) Division. The Canadians called the site ""Finitocamp"" The airfield returned to the hands of the "NV Luchtvaartterrein Noord-Nederland". The national government shouldered most of the cost of restoring the damaged drainage system in the airfield. In addition, the government subsidized further developments at the airport so that it could meet international standards and remain registered for aviation. The airport was appointed as an alternative airport for flights bound for Amsterdam/Schiphol, in 1948. To cater for these deviating aircraft, a new base plan had to be designed for the egalisation and drainage of the runways (with an 1,800 metres long main runway and a secondary measuring 1,500 metres), taxiways and apron. The new runways were finally ready for service in 1953, making the site an official aerodrome. On August 16, 1954, the Rijksluchtvaartschool (RLS) – or National Aviation Academy in English – moved to the airport from Gilze-Rijen. The KLM would acquire ownership of the RLS in 1991, becoming the KLM Flight Academy. In the course of the next two years after 1954, (amongst others) a flight theory school, the secondary and final flight education as well as other branches transferred to Eelde, making the Airport an important aviation training site. In 1956, the airport was renamed as "Luchthaven Eelde NV". The official opening of the airport building complex took place the following year on May 15, by Prince Bernard. The first landing of a European aeroplane took place on July 13, 1958. Twelve passengers boarded the aircraft, making a trip to Mallorca for a fourteen days vacation. In the same year, a new air traffic control tower was taken into use. During he 1960s, the regular scheduled services were restored, initially national flights operated by NLM. The airfield was seen to have the potential to operate usefully as a regional airport and it could play a role in the infrastructure of northern part of the Netherlands. The "Study Committee for the Development of Eelde Airport" is established. The committee suggests that there should be taken a closer look to regional airports in other countries and see how they have developed. Eelde airport seemed to be a key part of a larger system of infrastructure in the region. Another finding was that aircraft noise is a bigger problem at Eelde than at similar airports. Therefore, a noise pollution committee was established. In 1977, a new passenger terminal opened and more parking space for cars was constructed. Adding to this, a bus link to the city of Groningen was established, improving the airport's accessibility. Furthermore, work started to expand the apron and adding a hangar. In the same year, the Dutch ministry of infrastructure and the environment published the Structural Plan for Civil Aerodromes. This plan stated that an expansion of the main runway by 500 metres should be taken into account. This would make flights of all aircraft types possible. During the period 1979−1982, the buildings housing the State Aviation Service ("Rijksluchtvaartdienst") and the meteorological service were modernised. Adding to this, a new air traffic control tower was constructed. The aerodrome's name was changed once again in 1988, becoming officially "Groningen Airport Eelde NV". This was decided because of the airport's international significance had steadily increased through the years. With the airport becoming more crowded due to holiday flights, it was decided to join the two existing passenger halls together. This created a single departure hall capable of holding 200 passengers. The merge also resulted in an arrivals hall with a conveyor belt. As part of the project, a new car park was added as well. Groningen Airport Eelde received a sum of 2.5 million guilders for a new passage hall. This sum was donated by the European support fund ISP, which was granted by the province of Drenthe. This would finance almost one third of the costs for the new hall. In 1997, the Dutch government planned to stop financial support to most regional airports. Despite this, the airport was still entitled to 25 million guilders (about 11.3 million euros) for the expansion of its main runway. On November 12, 1999, the government agreed with the proposal to extend the runway, provided that the flying of training circuits by large aircraft be terminated. April 2000: the majority of the Dutch parliament had no objection against the runway extension, but due to changing environmental legislation and civil objection procedures, it would take 12 more years until the project was actually started. Ryanair started a scheduled service to its London Stansted base in 2003. This service attracted many passengers to the airport. However, this service did not last long, Ryanair terminated the service in May 2004. One reason leading to this decision was the limited length of the main runway, limiting the aircraft's effective range and maximum load. Finally, the province's State of Council gave the final go ahead for the runway extension on February 15, 2012. After this approval was given, Ryanair announced three new routes, returning to the airport after eight years. The extended runway was put into service on April 24, 2013. However once again Ryanair did not operate from Eelde for long, the last flight being in November 2014. In June 2014, UK low-cost carrier Flybe commenced a new year-round service to London-Southend. From March 2018 this service will be greatly expanded, from six to 18 flights per week. From 19 September 2016 Nordica started operating two flights a day between Groningen and Copenhagen. Groningen Airport Eelde has two asphalt paved runways. Runway 05/23 measures , which has recently been extended from 1,800 meters. Runway 01/19 is shorter, measuring . Only runway 23 has a DME/ILS (localizer at 109,9 MHz, no markers). From CBS Statistics Netherlands and annual reports Groningen Airport Eelde Groningen Airport Eelde is accessible by car using exit 37 of the Motorway A28. Separated bicycle infrastructure exists almost the entire way from the City of Groningen to Groningen Airport Eelde using either the Groningerweg/Hoofdweg or the bicycle paths parallel to the A28/E232 motorway The closest major railway stations are in Assen and Groningen. Buses connect the airport with Groningen. A bus connection to Assen is possible with a change in De Punt. </doc> <doc id="2345357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345357" title="Robert Clark"> Robert Clark Robert, Bob or Bobby Clark may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2345363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345363" title="KDTH"> KDTH KDTH AM 1370 is an AM radio station based in Dubuque, Iowa. The station is owned by Radio Dubuque. KDTH is a "full service" local radio station with a full-time news department, sports director, farm director and staff of local personalities, many of whom have been part of the Dubuque radio scene for more than 30 years. Its transmitter and towers are located across the Mississippi River from Dubuque in East Dubuque, Illinois just south of the U.S. 20 Bridge. The daytime signal is 5 kilowatts non-directional utilizing one tower while the nighttime signal is 5000 watts directional utilizing all four towers on-site to direct the signal primarily to the north. The KDTH music format is described as Legendary Performers - Unforgettable Songs and it includes familiar oldies of the 1950s, '60s and '70s blended with recordings by Sinatra, Bennett, Nat King Cole and others plus contemporary talents like Diana Krall, Jane Monheim, Rod Stewart, Carly Simon, Michael Buble and others who record songs from what is now called The Great American Songbook. The station targets the large 45+ demographic in the tri-state area of Iowa, Wisconsin & Illinois. On Sunday, May 4, 1941 KDTH began broadcasting. The station was housed at 8th and Bluff Streets in Dubuque - where it has remained to . The station broadcast with 1000 watts. The transmitter was located in East Dubuque, Illinois, and it featured a three tower array. The station became established as an important news and information source in the Dubuque area. People like Bob Gribben, Betty Thomas, Gerald “Red” McAleece, and Gordon Kilgore became familiar names to a large part of the population. </doc> <doc id="2345367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345367" title="Macará"> Macará Macará is a city in the Loja Province of Ecuador. It is the seat of the Macará Canton and is on the border between Ecuador and Peru. The population as of a 1995 census was 11,841 and in 2009 it had an estimated population of 12,896. It is served by José María Velasco Ibarra Airport. </doc> <doc id="2345370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345370" title="Piers Butler, 8th Earl of Ormond"> Piers Butler, 8th Earl of Ormond Piers Butler, 8th Earl of Ormond, 1st Earl of Ossory (146726 August 1539) also known as (Irish "Piers Ruadh") Red Piers, was from the Polestown branch of the Butler family of Ireland. He was the son of Sir James Butler, Lord Deputy of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Advowson of Callan (1438–1487) and Sabh Kavanagh, Princess of Leinster, daughter of Donal Reagh Kavanagh, MacMurrough, King of Leinster (1396–1476). He married Lady Margaret FitzGerald, daughter of Gerald FitzMaurice FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare and had 9 children by that marriage: 3 sons and 6 daughters. During the prolonged absence from Ireland of the earls, his father Sir James Butler (d. 1487) had laid claim to the Ormond land and titles. This had precipitated a crisis in the Ormond succession when the seventh earl later died without a male heir. On 20 March 1489, King Henry VII appointed him High Sheriff of County Kilkenny. He was knighted prior to September 1497. The following year (1498) he seized Kilkenny Castle and with his wife, Margaret FitzGerald (d. 1542), the dynamic daughter of the earl of Kildare, probably improved the living accommodation there. On 28 February 1498 he received a pardon for crimes committed in Ireland, including the murder of James Ormonde, heir to the 7th Earl. He was also made Senechal of the Liberty of Tipperary on 21 June 1505, succeeding his distant relation, James Butler, 9th Baron Dunboyne. On the death of Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormonde on 3 August 1515, Piers Butler became the 8th Earl of Ormond. On 6 March 1522, the King appointed him Chief Governor of Ireland as Lord Deputy; he held this office until 13 May 1524 when he became Lord Treasurer. One of the heirs general to the Ormond inheritance was Thomas Boleyn, whose mother was a Butler. Boleyn was the father of Anne, whose star was rising at the court of King Henry VIII of England. As the king wanted the titles of Ormond and Wiltshire for Thomas Boleyn, he induced Butler and his coheirs to resign their claims on 18 February 1528. Aided by the king's Chancellor, Cardinal Thomas Wolsey, Butler was granted the earldom of Ossory. On 22 February 1538, the earldom of Ormond was restored to him. He died on 26 August 1539 and was buried in St Canice's Cathedral, Kilkenny city . In about 1485, he married Lady Margaret FitzGerald, daughter of Gerald FitzMaurice FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare and Alison FitzEustace. The marriage was political; arranged with the purpose of healing the breach between the two families. This marriage supports the 2014 claim submitted to the monarch by Lady Millicent FitzGerald on behalf of her granddaughter Lady Saffron McDonnell, who has both Butler and FitzGerald blood through her mother and father respectively, to assume the titles abandoned by the Ormonds. the early years of their marriage, Margaret and her husband were reduced to penury by James "Dubh" Butler, a nephew, heir to the earldom and agent of the absentee 7th Earl, who resided in England. Piers Butler retaliated by murdering James "Dubh" in an ambush in 1497. He was pardoned for his crime on 22 February 1498. They had 3 sons and six daughters. Sons: Daughters: The Earl had an illegitimate son, Edmund Butler, who became the Archbishop of Cashel. The Earl also had an illegitimate elder brother, Theobald Butler. </doc> <doc id="2345380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345380" title="Władysław Findysz"> Władysław Findysz Blessed Władysław Findysz (13 December 1907 - 21 August 1964) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest. He was imprisoned under the Communist regime in 1963 until not too long before his death on the charges of sending religious newsletters to his parishioners. He was beatified under Pope Benedict XVI on 19 June 2005 though the pontiff delegated that Cardinal Józef Glemp preside on his behalf in Warsaw. Władysław Findysz was born on 13 December 1907 to Stanisław Findysz and Apollonia Rachwal and he was baptized the day after in the local parish church. His early education was overseen by the Felician Sisters while he later joined the Marian Solidarity movement as a young student. His studies concluded in 1919. Findysz entered the major seminary in Przemyśl in the autumn of 1927 where he was a spiritual student of Blessed Jan Wojciech Balicki; he was later ordained to the priesthood on 19 June 1932 before being appointed as the assistant parish priest at Borysław on 1 August 1932 while remaining there until 17 September 1935 when he assumed the duties of an assistant parish priest at Drohobych. Father Findysz was stationed there until 1 August 1937 when he was reassigned to Strzyżów until 10 October 1940 when he was appointed to Jasło. He later was made the parish administrator and parish priest at Nowy Żmigród on 8 July 1941. On 3 October 1944 he and many others were expelled from the town due to the retreating Nazi army and he later returned on 23 January 1945 in order to rebuild his damaged parish while also caring for the refugees and displaced peoples; he also saved several Greek Catholic families that the Communists began to persecute and exile while from 1946 until his death he was observed by the secret police's surveillance officials. He was made an honorary canon in 1946 due to his good works. He was ordered to stop teaching catechism in 1952 and was ordered to live outside of his parish on two occasions in 1952 and 1954 in an attempt by the Communists to hinder his work. He was made vice-dean of the Nowy Żmigród deanry in 1957 and was later appointed as its dean in 1962. In 1963 he established the Concilar Works of Charity. On 25 November 1963 he was arrested and jailed two months after he had surgery to remove a thyroid gland; his show trial on 16 and 17 December 1963 saw him sentenced for 30 months for the crime of "forcing" religion on people in the area. Father Findysz was transferred to a prison hospital on 25 January 1964 where he suffered from esophageal cancer though surgery was postponed and he was left to suffer before his release on 29 February. By this stage the tumors was deemed to be inoperable and so he was forced to live in pain until his death a few months later. He was admitted to hospital in April 1964 to see a specialist who advised against surgery. The priest died on 21 August 1964 in the morning due to his cancer and was buried that same day. A total of 130 priests attended his funeral. The beatification process was authorized to commence on 23 May 2000 after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the official "nihil obstat" to the cause and titled her as a Servant of God as the first official stage in the process. The diocesan process spanned from 27 June 2000 until its successful closure on 18 October 2002 and received C.C.S. validation in Rome on 13 December 2002 before the C.C.S. received the Positio dossier in 2003. Theologians voiced their approval to the cause on 28 September 2004 while the C.C.S. themselves also approved it on 16 November 2004. Pope John Paul II approved the beatification after he confirmed that the late priest died "in odium fidei" (in hatred of the faith) and scheduled the beatification for 24 April 2005 in Rome - this was suspended after the pope died in 2005 and so new Pope Benedict XVI delegated Cardinal Józef Glemp to preside in his name on 19 June 2005 in Warsaw. His cause was the first successful cause for one killed - or one who died - under the Communist persecution of Poland. The current postulator for this cause is the Rev. Piotr Tarnawsi. </doc> <doc id="2345381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345381" title="Xonox"> Xonox Xonox, a division of K-tel Software Inc., was an American third-party manufacturer of cartridges for the Atari 2600, ColecoVision, Commodore 64 and Commodore VIC-20 in the early 1980s. Xonox was one of many small video game companies to fold during the Video Game Crash of 1983. Xonox, based in Minnesota, started developing Atari cartridges during the height of the 2600's popularity. Xonox capitalized on the novelty and perceived value of "double-ender" cartridges. These could be inserted into the console on one of the two ends, each end offering a different game. Different double-ender configurations could package the same game with different counterparts. Xonox was not the first company to try this; Playaround did it earlier with their adult-themed titles. Xonox eventually abandoned this idea and began releasing single versions of some of the titles previously offered as double-enders as well as a few new titles. </doc> <doc id="2345388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345388" title="Brattishing"> Brattishing In architecture, brattishing or brandishing is a decorative cresting which is found at the top of a cornice or screen, panel or parapet. The design often includes leaves or flowers, and the term is particularly associated with Tudor architecture. </doc> <doc id="2345398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345398" title="Amanda (singer)"> Amanda (singer) Amanda Djamila Lameche, known professionally as Amanda, (born March 24, 1985, in French Alps, France) is a French-born Swedish pop singer who started her career in music after her family settled in Täby, Sweden. She was discovered at the age of 10 by the wife of Anders Bagge, who became one of her songwriters. Murlyn Songs became her producers. Amanda became the first young female pop act to sign with Madonna's Maverick Records, making her professional debut with "You Don't Stand a Chance", from the "" movie soundtrack. In 2000, Lameche recorded her debut album, entitled "Everybody Doesn't", released in 2001. The title track "Everybody Doesn't" was her first and only single to date, peaking at #81 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Before the release she embarked on a 40 city radio tour to promote her single. Amanda's younger sister, Anaïs Lameche, is also a singer and is known for being a part of the successful group Play, which sold nearly one million albums. </doc> <doc id="2345401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345401" title="C.D. Saquisilí"> C.D. Saquisilí The Club Deportivo Saquisilí is a soccer club based in the Saquisilí parish, north of Latacunga in Cotopaxi, Ecuador. </doc> <doc id="2345409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345409" title="Statistical Probabilities"> Statistical Probabilities "Statistical Probabilities" is the 133rd episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series "", the ninth episode of the . Bashir takes on a group of genetically engineered misfires, comparable to savants. This episode stars a group of guest stars including Jeannetta Arnette as Dr. Loews, Tim Ransom as Jack, Hilary Shepard as Lauren, Michael Keenan as Patrick, and Faith Salie as Sarina Douglas. Meanwhile, Deep Space Nine hosts Dominion talks with Casey Biggs as Damar and Jeffrey Combs reprising as Weyoun Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures on "Deep Space Nine", a space station located near a stable wormhole between the Alpha and Gamma quadrants of the Milky Way Galaxy. In this episode, Dr. Bashir (Alexander Siddig) attempts to help four fellow augments start becoming useful and productive members of society. Parents who allow their children to be genetically manipulated attempt to keep the procedure secret: It is illegal, and augmented human beings are prohibited from joining most professions and may not join Starfleet. However, the problems developed by these four augments forced their parents to seek medical help for them. The four have been institutionalized for most of their lives, and as such are very close to each other, but mistrust outsiders, even their own doctor, Dr. Loews (Jeanetta Arnette). The four augments are: With Federation/Dominion peace negotiations in the background, Dr. Bashir (Alexander Siddig) decides to take time to help less fortunate augments with their problems. He is introduced to four augments who, due to unintended side effects, are unable to function in society. Bashir realizes that his patients' primary problem is boredom. As Jack (Tim Ransom) has pointed out, they are forbidden from pursuing any profession where they could put their brain power to work. Meanwhile, Damar (Casey Biggs) has become the new leader of the Cardassian Union and offers peace talks with the Federation. Watching his speech, the augments make several incredibly accurate guesses about Damar and how he came to power, including that he murdered the "princess" (Tora Ziyal) of the "deposed king" (Dukat). Bashir convinces Captain Sisko (Avery Brooks) to allow the augments to review the peace negotiations to see if they can determine the Dominion's agenda. The project works beyond Bashir and Sisko's wildest dreams. Based on subtle grammatical clues (the augments learn the Dominion language overnight), intimate knowledge of Dominion tactics (their negotiators offer something valuable to cover the fact that they are after something even more valuable), and behavioral idiosyncrasies (they notice Damar avoids certain star systems with his eyes), the Federation learns that the Dominion wants to draw the border to secure a planet that has many of the raw materials needed to make Ketracel White. Knowing this gives the Federation negotiators a huge advantage in the talks. As such, the Federation agrees to provide the augments with further intelligence information which they use to develop a statistical historical model to predict the future. The augments soon come to the conclusion that the Federation is doomed to lose the war and suffer casualties in the hundreds of billions. As a result, they recommend surrender, which will save those lives and still leave the Federation in a position to rise up against the Dominion in the future. Bashir is convinced the augments are right and pleads the case before Captain Sisko. However, Sisko and Starfleet reject the suggestion out of hand. Faced with what they feel is the equivalent of a decision to commit suicide, the augments decide to try to leak Starfleet's strategic plans to the Dominion negotiators on board DS9, hoping to shorten the war and minimize the casualties. Bashir rightly sees this as foolhardy, but Jack, Lauren (Hilary Shepard), and Patrick (Michael Keenan) overpower him. Bound hand and foot, and left alone with Sarina (Faith Salie), Bashir convinces Sarina that her fellow augment's actions will result in their imprisonment and separation. Bashir plays on the fact that he has determined that Sarina is in love with Jack (something the other augments have failed to realize). Sarina frees Bashir in the nick of time, and alerts Constable Odo (René Auberjonois), who intercepts the augments on their way to the meeting with the Dominion negotiators. Later, Bashir realizes that hubris primarily drove their belief that the Federation would lose. Rather than believe they might be wrong about the course of the war, they decided they couldn't possibly be wrong because of their superior intellect. The key point is that despite all of their intelligence and the presumed infallibility of their statistical historical model, the actions of one person (Sarina) altered their plan, which in turn completely altered history (changing a turkey shoot by the Dominion into a drawn-out slog at worst). Bashir returns to his duties, and the augments return to their institution, promising to continue work on a plan for defeating the Dominion (albeit without classified information). </doc> <doc id="2345410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345410" title="The Birchmere"> The Birchmere The Birchmere is a concert hall in Alexandria, Virginia which opened its door on April 4, 1966 and is known for presenting performers in the rock, blues, bluegrass, country, folk, and jazz genres. The main stage has table seating with dinner service. The room seats 500 people and the tables in front are about two feet from the stage. The bandstand includes a dance area. The Johnson Mountain Boys recorded their "Live at the Birchmere" album on April 5, 1983. The Four Bitchin' Babes recorded two of their live albums, "Buy Me, Bring Me, Take Me, Don't Mess My Hair" in 1990 and "Gabby Road" in 1997, at the Birchmere. Riders in the Sky also recorded their live album there. Dave Matthews Band recorded songs from their album "Recently" at the Birchmere on February 21, 1994. During the redevelopment of downtown Silver Spring, Maryland, a plan was proposed to build a second Birchmere site, slated to be an $8 million, 800-seat venue. After years of negotiations, the deal was rejected on July 25, 2007. At the time, Birchmere management claimed that Montgomery County officials breached a contractual agreement with the music venue, but these claims were disputed by the developers and government officials who denied any contractual obligation for development. </doc> <doc id="2345426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345426" title="John Dowsley Reid"> John Dowsley Reid John Dowsley Reid, (1 January 1859 – 26 August 1929) was a Canadian businessman, physician, and parliamentarian. A Conservative, he was a long-standing Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada for the Ontario Electoral district of Grenville South (named simply Grenville after 1903). He was first elected in the Canadian federal election of 1891 and was re-elected seven more times. During his years in the House of Commons, he served as a cabinet minister in a variety of posts in the Cabinet of Canada, including: On 22 September 1921, he was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the recommendation of Arthur Meighen. He represented the senatorial division of Grenville, Ontario until his death. </doc> <doc id="2345452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345452" title="Anthony Figgis"> Anthony Figgis Sir Anthony Figgis, (born October 1940) was Her Majesty's Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Household of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom from 2001 to 2008. Unusually, he also held the post of Her Majesty's Vice-Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps, from 1991 to 1996, when he became Her Britannic Majesty's Ambassador to Austria. Figgis was born in 1940, and educated at Rugby School and King's College, Cambridge. He joined Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service in 1962. Figgis' first overseas posting was as 3rd Secretary in Belgrade in 1963. In 1965 he was assigned to the Commonwealth Office in London. He was 2nd Secretary (Political Residency) in Bahrain from 1968 to 1970, when he rejoined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London. Figgis' next posting was as 1st Secretary (Commercial) in Madrid, where he was stationed 1971 to 1974. He was in the CSCE delegation at Geneva 1974 to 1975 and again at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London 1975 to 1979. He returned to Madrid in 1979, initially as Head of Chancery and then as Commercial Counsellor from 1980 to 1982. Figgis was assigned to Belgrade again in 1982, when he was made Counsellor, a post he held until 1985. From 1986 to 1988, Figgis was Head of the East European Department of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. He was then Counsellor and Head of Chancery in Bonn from 1988 to 1989. He was subsequently Director of Research, and then of Research and Analysis, at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office from 1989 to 1991. From 1991 to 1996, Figgis was Assistant Under-Secretary of State at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and Her Majesty's Vice-Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps. He is a patron of Children and Families Across Borders (CFAB), a charity dedicated to reuniting children who have been separated from their families. He became a Freeman of the City of London in 1996, was appointed CMG in 1993 and was knighted as a KCVO in 1996. In 2002, he was appointed Gentleman Usher of the Blue Rod, retiring in 2016. </doc> <doc id="2345459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345459" title="Shiv Sunder Das"> Shiv Sunder Das Shiv Sunder Das (born 5 November 1977) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed opening batsman. In first-class cricket he played for Odisha. Das was selected in 2000 for the first intake of the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore. He proceeded to make his Test debut later that year. Considered the answer to India's search for a genuine Test opener, Das was selected for the 2002 tour of West Indies but after failing to score a fifty during the tour, he was dropped from the Test XI in the subsequent tour of England, and has not played for India since. Das represented India in 23 Test matches and scored 1,326 runs at an average of 38.91, hitting two centuries – both of them against Zimbabwe. He was awarded the Man of the Series award during this tour to Zimbabwe, in 2001. Das then hit 250 in a first-class match against Essex during India's tour to England in 2002. In first class cricket, Das now plays for Vidarbha cricket team in domestic competitions. In August 2018, he was appointed as the coach of Manipur cricket team. </doc> <doc id="2345468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345468" title="Bruce Bolt"> Bruce Bolt Bruce Alan Bolt (February 15, 1930 – July 21, 2005) was an Australian-born American seismologist and a professor of earth and planetary science at the University of California, Berkeley. Professor Bolt was known as pioneer of engineering seismology. He served for 15 years on the California Seismic Safety Commission leading public debate on earthquake safety in that state, and acted as a consultant on major projects throughout the world. As well, Bolt published a number of popular and technical books on seismology. His research led to construction of earthquake resilient bridges and buildings. Bolt was elected to the National Academy of Engineering "for application of the principles of seismology and applied mathematics to engineering decisions and public policy”. Since 2006, there is an award with his name, the Bruce A. Bolt Medal, to recognize individuals worldwide whose accomplishments involve the promotion and use of strong-motion earthquake data and whose leadership in the transfer of scientific and engineering knowledge into practice or policy has led to improved seismic safety. Bolt was born in Largs, New South Wales just north of Maitland in 1930. He studied at the University of Sydney obtaining his bachelor's degree in 1952, a master's degree in 1955 and a doctorate in applied mathematics in 1959. He also lectured at Sydney University in mathematics but developed an interest in mathematical modelling of the Earth's interior. He obtained a D. Sc from Sydney University in 1972 while working at Berkeley. After visiting the Lamont Geological Observatory in New York, he visited the Department of Geodesy and Geophysics at Cambridge University where he met Professors Perry Byerly and John Verhoogen of UC Berkeley who invited him there. Bolt started as director of the Berkeley Seismological Stations (now the Berkeley Seismological Laboratory) in 1963 and served in that position until 1991. In that position, he was at the forefront of seismology especially as a pioneer of engineering seismology. He identified the impact of near-fault effects of earthquakes as well as the "fling" where the fault slips during an earthquake which has a strong impact on structures near the quake. Professor Bolt was elected to the US National Academy of Engineering in 1978 as recognition for his contribution to that profession. As director of the Berkeley Seismology Center, Bolt pioneered the use of digital recordings rather than paper readouts to read data. Bolt identified that the epicenter of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake was near Daly City, California not near Olema, California in Marin County as had been previously thought. He also helped to design a simulation of the 1906 quake at the California Academy of Sciences museum in Golden Gate Park which has been seen by millions of people. He has written a number of works including "Earthquakes: a Primer" in 1978 and "Inside the Earth: Evidence from Earthquakes" in 1982. Professor Bolt served on the California Seismic Safety Commission for 15 years including a year as chairman in 1986. In that position, he had a significant impact on California's earthquake safety legislation and helped to create that states mandatory system of earthquake hazard mapping. Bruce retired from teaching in 1993 and became professor emeritus of seismology, thus continuing his academic activities until his death. He was a consultant on seismology for every major earthquake engineering project including on the Diablo Canyon Power Plant as well as international projects including the Aswan Dam, the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System and BART tube under the San Francisco Bay. After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, he started to work on characterizing the seismic sources and assessing tsunami risk. This probably was his last work as consultant on seismology. Bolt died of pancreatic cancer in July 2005 at the Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Oakland. He was a citizen of the US at the time of his death. During his career, professor Bolt served as a member of a number of important scientific and academic organizations, including: Bruce Bolt received many awards for his scientific achievements, among them: In 1995, Bolt delivered the fifth Mallet-Milne memorial lecture (entitled "From Earthquake Acceleration to Seismic Displacement") for the Society for Earthquake and Civil Engineering Dynamics, in London. In 2006, the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute jointly with the Seismological Society of America established an award in his name, The Bruce A. Bolt Medal, to recognize individuals worldwide whose accomplishments involve the promotion and use of strong-motion earthquake data and whose leadership in the transfer of scientific and engineering knowledge into practice or policy has led to improved seismic safety. Professor Bolt wrote six textbooks and edited eight book on earthquakes, geology and computers among other topics. He also wrote almost 200 research papers, including: </doc> <doc id="2345471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345471" title="Fractal Design"> Fractal Design Fractal Design is a computer hardware manufacturer from Sweden. Founded in 2007, the company manufactures computer cases, water coolers, fans and power supplies. All products are designed and engineered in Sweden. In recent years the company's products have won several awards in computer hardware industry such as the Case Manufacturer of the Year (2013--.2015), European Hardware Awards (2015) and Brand of the year IXBT.com (2015), Russia. The company headquarters of Fractal Design is located in Gothenburg, Sweden, where the products are designed. Fractal Design manufactures all their products in China. To support its international operations, Fractal Design has offices in Europe, North America and Asia. Fractal Design was founded in Gothenburg, Sweden, in 2007. In 2009, international recognition for the company grew after the first computer case within the Define series was introduced. In the same year, the company opened a North America office in Dallas, Texas. A few months later, an Asia office was established to be handle increased Product Development and Sales. In 2012, the companies revenue reached $20m and its products were available in more than 40 countries. By the end of 2016, the company continued to develop the concepts of Scandinavian design, silent computing and support of powerful computer configurations by launching new computer cases under the Define series. The company's products include: </doc> <doc id="2345479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345479" title="Chasu"> Chasu Ch'asu (차수, hanja 次帥) is a superior military rank of North Korea, often translated as vice-marshal. The rank is senior to that of "daejang" (general) and junior to that of "wonsu" (marshal). The rank is seldom bestowed upon the professional military, and appears to be rather a combined political-military position. The insignia for a "chasu" is superimposing a North Korean national crest upon a marshal’s insignia star in the shoulder epaulette. Formerly, insignia for such rank holders was the emblem of North Korea until the present insignia was released in 1985. The rank is often transliterated as "ch'asu", showing the difference with the Korean word for embroidery, usually transliterated as "chasu" (:wikt:자수). </doc> <doc id="2345488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345488" title="20 mm caliber"> 20 mm caliber The 20 mm is a specific size of cannon or autocannon ammunition. Few weapons (aside from shotguns, large game hunting rifles, and heavy caliber muzzleloading "rampart" or "wall guns" popular in the early to mid 19th century European militaries) have been built to fire projectiles between 12.7mm (such as the 12.7mm NATO) and 20 mm, though several 13mm, 14.5mm, and 15mm heavy machine guns were used during World War II, such as the MG 131. The 14.5 mm is still used by some Soviet machine guns, such as the KPV and anti-tank rifles such as PTRS, PTRD, and NTW-20. 15mm was also widely used by the Germans during WWII such as in the MG 151, and the British as well to a lesser extent in the 15mm version of the Besa machine gun, which was used on armored cars and some light tanks. Since 20mm is the cutoff point where most nations switch from bullets to shells, it has come to also generally be the cutoff point between weapons classified as a machine gun or a cannon. This varies, however. For example, in World War II, Japan classified any weapon over 11 mm as a cannon; thus, in Japanese records, their 12.7 mm Ho-103 aircraft gun is classified as an autocannon, as it used explosive shells to overcome its lower muzzle velocity compared to American 12.7mm/.50BMG weapons. A machine gun does not fire shells, so historically a weapon that fires shells below 20 mm can be a cannon. An accurate description always mentions, in addition to caliber, whether the weapon fires bullets or shells. A small number of anti-tank rifles were produced in 20 mm and larger calibers. 20 mm cartridges have an outside bullet diameter and inside barrel diameter of . Projectiles or bullets are typically long. Cartridge cases are typically long. Many but not all 20 mm rounds have an explosive filling and detonating fuze. As an example, the RT-20 (rifle) fires a 20×110mm 130-gram projectile at a muzzle velocity of 850 m/s. For a simple slug this gives a muzzle energy of 47 kilojoules. Like most cannon ammunition, armed forces typically use 20 mm caliber weapons against large targets, such as vehicles, buildings, or aircraft. Though lethal against individual soldiers, 20mm ammunition is so large and heavy that its effects are inefficient against relatively small targets. Each weapon is listed with its cartridge type appended. Cartridge type indicates the diameter of projectile and the length of the cartridge that holds it; for example 20×102mm is a 20 mm projectile in a 102 mm long case. Only rarely do two designers use the same case length, so this designation is usually definitive. Some cartridge types have additional letters or information about them listed. </doc> <doc id="2345491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345491" title="Chase the Chuck Wagon"> Chase the Chuck Wagon Chase the Chuck Wagon is a 1983 promotional video game written by Mike Schwartz for the Atari 2600 and distributed by Purina. It was available only via mail order by sending in proofs of purchase to Purina. In the 1970s and 1980s, popular television commercials for Purina dog food included a dog chasing a tiny chuckwagon. The gameplay is loosely based on this premise. "Chase the Chuck Wagon" is a maze game. The object of each maze screen is to move Chuckie, the dog, through mazes of four different designs and escape through the opening directly below the chuckwagon. The player has limited time (60 or 30 seconds depending on the difficulty setting) per maze to accomplish this. There are two obstacles in each maze: the dog catcher moves through the maze, and if he touches Chuckie, the player loses one life; the bouncing object (bone, etc.) travels back and forth across the maze unhindered by the maze walls, and if it touches Chuckie, he will be frozen momentarily (signified by the maze changing color), making it more difficult to reach the end of maze within the time limit or avoid the dog catcher. After successfully completing a maze screen, the maze clears and the reward screen appears. A dog dish drops from the chuckwagon, and the player must use the joystick to orient Chuckie left or right to face the dish, and press the fire button at the right moment to stop it horizontal to Chuckie, allowing him to move to the dish and eat. This scores an additional 100 points. If the player misses, no points are awarded and the game advances to the next maze screen. If the player does not press the fire button, the dish falls repeatedly and the game does not advance. The player starts the game with three Chuckies. Chuckies are lost when time runs out on a maze or upon contact with the dog catcher. The game ends when all the Chuckies are exhausted. The amount of time left on the clock at the end of each maze is the player's score for that stage. Each successfully completed reward screen adds 100 points. When the game is over, the total score is displayed. The player uses the joystick to move Chuckie through mazes, and to change his facing on the reward screen. The fire button is only used to stop the dropping food dish on the rewards screens. The console controls are unusual as the Atari's Reset switch does not start the game (which is the typical behavior). Instead, the Select switch is used to start a game. As part of a promotion involving the Chuck Wagon line of dog food, Purina contracted video game distributor Spectravision to create a game themed around dogs and dog food. Customers could redeem proofs of purchase from bags of dog food in exchange for the game, an example of a new marketing technique that emerged during the popularity of video games in the early 1980s. In practice, the promotion was relatively unsuccessful. The unshipped cartridges were destroyed. The game has a reputation among collectors of Atari video games. It is far from the rarest of games for the Atari 2600, but its history is said to grant it a disproportionate amount of interest. It is often referred to as the Holy Grail of Atari 2600 video game collecting. Among Spectravision games, only "Bumper Bash" and "Mangia" are listed as more difficult to find in the AtariAge rarity guide. </doc> <doc id="2345496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345496" title="The North/South Language Body"> The North/South Language Body The North/South Language Body ('; Ulster-Scots: Tha Noarth/Sooth Boord o Leid or The Language Curn""') is an implementation body, provided for by the Belfast Agreement, that exists to implement policies agreed by Ministers in the North/South Ministerial Council (NSMC) in Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland with regard to the Irish and Ulster-Scots (or "Ullans") languages on a cross border all Island basis. It is a single body reporting to the North/South Ministerial Council, but composed of two separate and largely autonomous agencies: Foras na Gaeilge, the Irish language agency, and Tha Boord o Ulstèr-Scotch, the Ulster-Scots Agency. </doc> <doc id="2345500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345500" title="The Series Has Landed"> The Series Has Landed "The Series Has Landed" is the second episode of the first season of "Futurama". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 4, 1999. The episode was written by Ken Keeler and directed by Peter Avanzino. In this episode, several main characters, including Doctor Zoidberg, Amy Wong, and Hermes Conrad are first introduced, and the crew goes on their first mission. After completing their delivery a series of mishaps occurs which puts Fry and Leela's lives in danger and nearly leaves all of them trapped on the moon. Settling into their new jobs, Fry, Leela, and Bender are introduced to the other Planet Express employees: Doctor John A. Zoidberg, intern Amy Wong, and bureaucrat Hermes Conrad. It becomes apparent that the ship needs a captain, and Leela is chosen. On their first mission, a delivery to the Moon, Fry undergoes severe culture shock. No longer a daring voyage of exploration, lunar travel has become a day trip to an amusement park called Luna Park. By the 31st century, the actual details of Project Apollo are lost and have been replaced by musicals about whalers on the moon and goofy gophers. This upsets Fry, who wants to see the real moon. In spite of Leela's orders to the contrary, Fry hijacks a car from the lunar rover ride and forces it off its track, taking Leela with him. They fall into a crater, forcing Leela to use up most of their oxygen to save them. Meanwhile, Amy loses the keys to the ship and has to recover them from a video arcade claw game. Bender attempts to help her, but he is caught reaching through the prize slot and ejected from the park, leaving him stranded on the Moon's surface. Running low on oxygen, Fry and Leela take refuge on a hydroponic farm. Bender arrives and seduces one of the farmer's robot daughters and he, Fry, and Leela end up on the run, trying to out-distance both the farmer's shotgun and the lunar terminator. Leela berates Fry for refusing to accept that, apart from the amusement park, the moon is nothing but a wasteland. As night falls on the Moon, Fry and Leela find the Apollo 11 lander and take shelter inside it. Fry apologizes to Leela for hijacking the car from the ride and explains his childhood dream of being an astronaut. Leela sympathizes, and they watch an Earthrise together. Eventually, Amy manages to rescue all three with her newly developed crane operation skills, just before the farmer can kill them. During the sequence where Amy attempts to retrieve the keys for the Planet Express Ship from the vending machine, an arcade game titled "Gender-Neutral Pac-Person" can be seen in the background, a reference to the Namco arcade games "Pac-Man" and "Ms. Pac-Man". Also, "The Goophy Gopher Revue" is said to have been sponsored by Monsanto, a bioengineering conglomerate from the United States. Crater Face, the Lunar Park mascot, is a reference to the moon from the 1902 French silent film "A Trip to the Moon". Bender impales Crater Face in the eye with his beer bottle after Crater Face attempts to confiscate his alcohol, which is another reference to the film as the astronomers' capsule (which resembles a bottle) hitting the moon's eye when it crashes. The title of the episode itself is a reference to the quote "The Eagle has landed" said by astronaut Neil Armstrong when he and Buzz Aldrin touched down on the Moon during the Apollo 11 mission. Fry nearly makes a reference to Neil Armstrong's quote "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind". At the "Destination Moon" lunar rover ride, there is a reference to Ralph and Alice Kramden from the sitcom "The Honeymooners". When Fry and Leela are on the surface of the moon and it starts to get dark, it is possible to hear in the background the first chord of the song "Breathe" from Pink Floyd's album "The Dark Side of the Moon". Ken Keeler was nominated for an Annie Award for "Outstanding Individual Achievement for Writing in an Animated Television Production" in 1999 for this episode. For its original run, the episode had Nielsen ratings of 8.1/14 in homes and 6.8/19 in adults aged 18–49. While this was a decrease from the pilot episode it did still build 5% from its lead in, "The Simpsons". This was the second episode to air following "The Simpsons" and the final scheduled to air on Sunday evenings before the show moved to the Tuesday night lineup, where it was expected to suffer in the ratings. In 2006 IGN ranked the episode as number 19 in their list of the top 25 episodes of "Futurama" due to its humor and the effective way in which it portrayed Fry's discovery of the changes in the future. </doc> <doc id="2345503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345503" title="Darryl Hickman"> Darryl Hickman Darryl Gerard Hickman (born July 28, 1931) is an American film and television actor, television executive, and acting coach. Hickman was born in Hollywood, California to Milton and Katherine Hickman. His father sold insurance and his mother was a housewife. In the mid-1930s, Darryl was discovered by a dance school director and subsequently became a student there. The following year, the famed Hollywood studio Paramount signed a contract with the child actor. His first film role was as Ronald Colman's son in "The Prisoner of Zenda" in 1937. He attended Paramount's school in California and had classmates like Gene Nelson and Jackie Cooper. In preparation for the 1939 Bing Crosby movie "The Star Maker", Paramount casting agents, led by Leroy Prinz, interviewed over 1000 children. Hickman won one of the parts in the film. Pleased with Hickman's performance, Crosby notified his older brother and talent agent Everett Crosby of the young actor. After this, he went on to appear in multiple motion pictures throughout the 1930s and 1940s in a wide array of genres. A busy performer, he would sometimes work at different films simultaneously. In 1940, he was cast in 20th Century Fox's film adaption of John Steinbeck's best-selling novel from 1939 "The Grapes of Wrath", starring Henry Fonda and directed by John Ford. He portrayed the role of "Winfield Joad", the youngest member of a family trying to cope with the hardships of The Great Depression. The film was a critical and commercial success, with Ford winning an Academy Award for Best Director, while actress Jane Darwell won for Best Supporting Actress. Another notable role during this time included the war-time melodrama "The Human Comedy", where he played a mentally slow child. Hickman made a featured appearance as well as "Frank" in the 1942 "Our Gang" comedy short "Going to Press". In 1946, he played the younger version of Van Heflin's character 'Sam Masterson' in the film noir "The Strange Love of Martha Ivers". In order to make it seem credible that Hickman looked like a young Van Heflin, the latter provided a picture of himself as a teenager to the makeup artist Wally Westmore. In this period he also acted alongside Gene Tierney and Cornel Wilde in the 1946 film "Leave Her to Heaven". Being the sole survivor among the cast, he provided extra commentary in the DVD release of the movie. His experience of working with Tierney was mixed, considering her to have been aloof and not given her best performance. It won Tierney an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress. The year after the release of "Leave Her to Heaven", Hickman was lauded by a newspaper as "one of Hollywood's top juveniles". Hickman later became critical of child acting, lamenting how the profession for young actors deprives them of a real childhood. He opted to get therapeutical assistance for several years in order to come to terms with his past. Hickman graduated from Cathedral High School in Los Angeles in 1948 (his brother Dwayne graduated from the same school in 1952). Finding it hard to adjust to adulthood after being in the limelight for most of his childhood, he retired from show business to enter a monastery in 1951 as a passionist monk. He returned to Hollywood around one month later. He continued acting, but with fewer roles than he had at the peak of his career. He also began acting for the first time in the then-new entertainment medium of television. The switch did not always turn out successfully, for many shows were cancelled for various reasons in the early years of television. Hickman's ongoing efforts to reinvigorate his acting career were interrupted for two years while he served in the United States Army from 1954 to 1956. In 1959 and 1960, Hickman appeared on younger brother Dwayne Hickman's CBS sitcom "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", playing his older brother Davey in three different episodes: "The Right Triangle" (1959), "Deck the Halls" (1959), and "Where There's a Will" (1960). In 1961, Hickman starred in a short-lived TV series "The Americans". Aside from film and television, Hickman also starred in Broadway productions, such as the Pulitzer Prize-winning play "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying" in 1963, substituting for star Robert Morse. In 1976, after a 17-year hiatus from movies, Hickman had a minor role as "Bill Herron" in the film "Network". Hickman eventually became a television executive, producer, and occasional screenwriter, mainly working in New York City. He wrote the scripts for several 1961 episodes of "The Loretta Young Show". In the early 1970s, Hickman was associate producer of the long-running "Love of Life". He was also one of the producers of "A Year at the Top" with Norman Lear in 1977. During the production of the pilot episode for "A Year at the Top", he reunited with guest-star Mickey Rooney with whom he had acted in the "Boys Town" sequel "Men of Boys Town" in 1941. Hickman's book about acting techniques "The Unconscious Actor: Out of Control, In Full Command" was published in April 2007. In it he explains how his approach to acting evolved through his interactions with the various actors and directors he worked with over the years. Among his most important influences came from working with Spencer Tracy and George Cukor in the 1942 movie "Keeper of the Flame". In another book written by James Curtis and published in 2011, "Spencer Tracy: A Biography", Hickman's admiration for Tracy and Cukor is again documented. He praises the two men's patience in that biography, as well as their ability to give due attention to inexperienced actors such as himself. Earlier, in a 2002 interview, Hickman stated that the current generation of young Hollywood actors were talented but lacked the proper coaching and ambition. Hickman married actress Pamela Lincoln, with whom he had acted in the movie "The Tingler", on November 28, 1959. The couple, who had two sons, divorced in 1982. Their younger son, Justin, committed suicide at the age of 19 in 1985. 1957 The Case of the Sleepwalker’s Niece Perry Mason Credited for playing character Steve Harris </doc> <doc id="2345522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345522" title="Frank Melton"> Frank Melton Frank Ervin Melton (March 19, 1949 – May 7, 2009) was the mayor of Jackson, Mississippi, United States, from 4 July 2005 until his death on 7 May 2009. Melton, an African American, defeated the city's first black mayor Harvey Johnson, Jr. Melton won 63 percent of the vote in the Democratic primary against Johnson, who had served two terms. Melton quickly swept into action to rid Jackson of drug-related crime, improve economic development, and improve city infrastructure. Since Melton became mayor, he touted economic-development projects totaling over $1.6 billion, creating at least 4,500 jobs in the city. Others pointed out that many of those projects were in the works when he started in office. However he was embroiled in several controversies while being mayor, including questionable power breaches and criminal misdemeanor activity. Melton was born in Houston, Texas on March 19, 1949, to his parents Herbert Melton and Marguerite Haynes-Melton, both of whom were active members of the University Presbyterian Church in Houston. Prior to graduation from high school and following in the grid-iron footsteps of one of his earlier Booker T. Washington Eagles quarterback idols, Eldridge Dickey (Tennessee State Univ., Oakland Raiders), Frank was a popular, studious, and disciplined Quarterback for the Eagles. Melton graduated from Booker T. Washington High School. He moved to Nacogdoches, Texas to earn a BA at Stephen F. Austin State University. In college, he took a position with the Texas Department of Mental Health and Mental Retardation, serving as Director of Recreation at its Lufkin State School. He entered broadcasting after graduation, first as a Sports Anchor for KTRE TV in Lufkin, Texas and then, in 1977, as general manager of KLTV TV. He climbed the ranks at KLTV TV before becoming president of Buford Television, Inc. In 1984, he became Chairman and CEO of WLBT TV Inc, in Jackson, Mississippi, in which position he remained until 2002. Melton served as the head of the Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics for 14 months, appointed by former Mississippi Governor Ronnie Musgrove in December 2002. Governor Haley Barbour, who defeated Musgrove in the 2003 gubernatorial election, dismissed Melton and other holdover political appointees when he took office. Melton also served in numerous other fields, including serving as the director of the Governor's Criminal Justice Task Force, after being appointed by former Governor Kirk Fordice. Melton served on the national board of directors for the Broadcast Music Incorporated (BMI), the Liberty Broadcasting Board of Directors, and the NBC Affiliates Board of Directors. He served on the Liberty Broadcasting board of directors; the Wave board of directors, the Community Broadcast Group, and the NBC Affiliates board of directors. Melton also worked as a member of the board of directors for United Way and the Jackson Chamber of Commerce. He was an instructor at Jackson State University. He gave numerous speeches in the inner-city high schools and city universities. Melton led drug sweeps and drug raids. The city's narcotics unit was reduced and few drug arrests were made. Many citizens were pleased to see him take this hands-on and vocal approach to addressing the city's problems. Yet many city residents, including the NAACP and the ACLU, have disagreed with the mayor's crime-fighting tactics and what they call illegal and unconstitutional actions. He wore a Jackson Police Department badge and carried a gun. In April 2006, Melton lambasted Hinds County District Attorney Faye Peterson because she would not put his star witness, Christopher Walker, on the stand to testify against Albert "Batman" Donelson, the alleged leader of the Wood Street Players. The district attorney had to drop Walker from the witness list because the defense provided affidavits showing that Walker had long lived with mayor. Melton had given Walker a copy of his credit card, a car, cash and other assistance. The mayor responded that he was offering Walker "witness protection." Soon after Donelson was acquitted, Melton held a press conference with Walker, during which he accused the county's first black female district attorney of having an affair with a murdered bail bondsman, an allegation that was not substantiated. Within days of that press conference, federal investigators revoked Walker's probation because he had failed nearly a dozen drug tests during the period leading up to the Donelson trial. After a series of articles and photographs appeared in spring 2006 showing that Melton was carrying concealed firearms without a permit, and amid increasing editorials calling for authorities to curtail Melton's actions, Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood investigated Melton's actions. On June 1 Hood sent Melton a letter warning of prosecution if he continued to carry weapons into places where they were prohibited, further warning him he was not a police officer. Melton told the "Jackson Free Press" that he did not have to heed Hood's warning, and continued to carry weapons wherever he wanted. In late July 2006, the head of the ACLU racial profiling division arrived in Jackson to address reports of racial profiling related to Melton's raids and techniques. In September 2006, Mayor Melton, with his detective bodyguards and a group of youths, called the "lawn crew" because they traveled with Melton, ostensibly to help with neighborhood clean-up, raided half a duplex on Ridgeway Street without a warrant. Witnesses say that Melton attacked much of the rental duplex with a large stick. He cut his hand during the incident and had to go to the hospital for stitches. He reportedly returned with the young men, with sledgehammers to finish destroying that side of the duplex. Police arrested the tenant, Evans Welch, on drug possession, but he was discharged within days for lack of evidence. No warrant was issued for the raid, nor was the owner of the duplex—Jennifer Sutton—notified of any intention to conduct the raid or damage her property. After news of the demolition broke on Sept. 1, both the attorney general and the district attorney investigated the incident. Melton and bodyguards Michael Recio and Marcus Wright were indicted on September 15, 2006, on multiple felony charges in the Ridgeway Street demolition, including burglary, conspiracy and the inducement of a minor to commit a felony. Melton was also indicted on three gun charges—a felony for carrying his weapon onto a college campus, two misdemeanors for the church and public park—the same day. Later in the year, Melton took a guilty plea on the gun misdemeanors and plead no-contest on the felony. The terms of both his bond and his probation for the gun charges did not allow him to be around firearms, supervise children under 17, leave his home past midnight without 48 hours' prior permission from his probation officer, consume drugs or alcohol, or use police equipment in any way. Melton, Michael Recio and Marcus Wright were acquitted on all counts filed in the Ridgeway Street incident on April 26, 2007. The prosecution dropped the inducement of a minor charge during the trial. Some civil-rights leaders defended Melton, including Charles Evers, older brother of slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers, and Stephanie Parker-Weaver, daughter of the first openly known interracial couple in Jackson. Parker-Weaver helped lead a campaign to convince Jacksonians of Melton's innocence, including a rally at City Hall with signs stating "Vote Melton Not Guilty." He also drew support from many white conservatives in Jackson who appreciated his crime-fighting methods. Prominent businessman Leland Speed, and families of similar conservatives, provided much of Melton's financial support. Melton told some conservatives that he would take the city past race politics, and explained why he ran as a Democrat. "Most of you are Republican," he said. "The reality is, if you're an African American in Jackson, you have to run as a Democrat to win." He added: "I don't like either party." He later on stated he viewed Joseph Stalin, John F. Kennedy, and Mao Zedong as his political influences, which caused him more controversy and cost him support from conservatives. Other African American leaders, including the president of the state NAACP, Derrick Johnson, and the director of the ACLU of Mississippi, Nsombi Lambright, called for justice for the victims of Melton's unorthodox and illegal crime-fighting strategies. They said he was profiling poor blacks in the city. Those groups are leading an effort to start a civilian review board, in part in response to Melton's methods. Melton was a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition, an organization formed in 2006 and co-chaired by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg and Boston mayor Thomas Menino. On November 16, 2007, Mayor Melton appointed Hinds County Sheriff Malcolm McMillin as Jackson's new police chief, after reassigning the police chief Shirlene Anderson to a new post within his administration. Sheriff McMillin decided to keep his post as Hinds County Sheriff in addition to acting as the chief of the Jackson Police Department, becoming the first person in Mississippi's history to serve as both County Sheriff and City Police Chief. After reviewing the applicable state laws and ethics rules, counsel determined the Sheriff could head both agencies legally and be compensated from both. He was confirmed by the Jackson City Council on a 4-2 vote. In securing McMillin as Police Chief, Mayor Melton promised not to interfere in the operations of the police department and to remain focused on other mayoral duties. July 19, 2006 - Jackson Mayor Frank Melton received criticism from advocates for the homeless when he used the city's emergency order to enforce a 10 p.m. curfew for the city's homeless population. According to Michael Stoops, executive director of the National Coalition for the Homeless in Washington, the curfew is the first of its kind in the nation. He also said that it effectively amounts to a modern Jim Crow law. July 26, 2006 - Frank Melton raises security concerns with US House of Representative, and senior Homeland Security Committee Democrat, Bennie Thompson (MS) when Melton applied for, and was issued, a United States Capitol Police badge and identification card. The card allowed Melton, armed, to bypass security in Federal Buildings, congressional offices and Congress. Wilson Livingood, sergeant-at-arms for the U. S. House, stated in the report to Thompson dated Aug. 17 that Melton showed a Jackson Police Department credential to Capitol police. August 26, 2006 - See above for Ridgeway incident. Nov. 15, 2006 - Melton pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors for carrying a weapon into a church and a park, and no contest to a reduced charge on what had been a felony count involving a gun onto the grounds of the Mississippi College School of Law. March 1, 2007 - Judge Tomie Green issued a warrant for the arrest of Frank Melton. The warrant was issued on the basis of probation violation because Melton resumed going on midnight club raids, while wearing an unofficial badge, among other possible violations. March 7, 2007 - Frank Melton left the hospital in the early morning and returned home without alerting the Sheriff's Department. After his ankle bracelet alerted his probation officer that he was back at home, the sheriff called and told Melton to turn himself in to Hinds County authorities, where he was put into the medical ward of the jail. March 8, 2007 - The Mississippi Supreme Court vacated the arrest warrant for Frank Melton, and asked that Hinds County Circuit Judge Tomie Green be recused without explaining the reasons for either decision. April 24, 2007 - Frank Melton goes on trial for felony charges stemming September 15, 2006 demolition of a house on Ridgeway Street. April 26, 2007 - Frank Melton is found not guilty on all counts. February 2, 2009 - Melton's federal civil rights trial for demolishing the Ridgeway house began. February 24, 2009 - Melton's federal civil rights trial ended in a mistrial when jurors notified the judge that they could not arrive at a verdict. The case was scheduled to be retried on May 11. Melton filed to run for re-election for the 2009 election. However, on March 17, 2009, the Jackson Democratic Municipal Executive Committee disqualified Melton in a unanimous vote because Melton did not meet the city's residency requirements. He did not file homestead exemption on his home in Jackson but on his home in Tyler, Texas, where his wife Ellen lives. The unanimous vote took Melton's name off the ballot for the May 5, 2009 primary. Melton filed a lawsuit against the Jackson Democratic Municipal Executive Committee to have his name returned to the ballot. On March 26, 2009, Jones County Circuit Court Judge Billy Joe Landrum ordered Melton restored as a Democratic mayoral candidate. Landrum said Melton "overwhelmingly rebutted" the charge by showing documents with his Jackson home address, including his Mississippi driver's license, utility bills and voting records. On May 5, 2009, Melton lost his bid for re-election, coming in third in the vote totals. On election night, Melton was rushed to the hospital. He had suffered a cardiac arrest at his Jackson home. He died shortly after midnight on Thursday, May 7, 2009, less than two days after losing the election. His wife, Dr. Ellen Melton, was at his side. He died at St. Dominic Jackson Memorial Hospital in Jackson, MS. </doc> <doc id="2345528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345528" title="Matt's Mood"> Matt's Mood Matt's Mood is the 2004 "temporary comeback" album by UK outfit Matt Bianco, released for Universal, and distributed by the Emarcy label. The album makes heavy use of Danny White and Basia Trzetrzelewska's signature harmonies. The two rejoined the band after twenty years (only to leave shortly after the end of the promotional world tour to revitalise their own career under the joint name of Basia). The third member on this installation of Matt Bianco is vocalist and composer Mark Reilly, whom many identify as the face of the band, being the only one constant member since its inception in 1983. This album attempted to sound similar to "Whose Side Are You On?", which spawned a number of popular hit singles in the 1980s. Among the songs on the new album is "Ronnie's Samba", a collage of material by the late Ronnie Ross, a legendary baritone saxophonist, who also played on early Matt Bianco material. The group received permission from Ross' family to utilize some old recordings of Ross' sax playing and weave them into an entirely new tune. </doc> <doc id="2345536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345536" title="Taewonsu"> Taewonsu Taewŏnsu (literally grand marshal, usually translated as "generalissimo") is the highest possible military rank of North Korea and is intended to be an honorific title for Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il. The rank is senior to that of "wonsu" (marshal). The title also exists in Chinese military history as "dàyuánshuài" (same Sino-Korean characters 大元帥), and was briefly taken by Sun Yat-Sen. The rank of "taewŏnsu" was created by a joint decision of the Central Committee and Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party of Korea, the National Defense Commission and the Central People′s Committee in April 1992 to honor Kim Il-sung on his 80th birthday. In February 2012, his son and successor Kim Jong-il was awarded the title posthumously on the occasion of his official 70th birthday. The insignia for "taewŏnsu" is similar to "wonsu" but with an added crest worn beneath the shoulder board's large marshal star (and an added crest added to the parade uniform's marshal star worn below the collar), below the Emblem of North Korea. The rank insignia is based on the now obsolete rank "generalissimus" of the Soviet Union. If translated, the full rank is "grand marshal of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea" literally and ""generalissimo" of the DPRK" in the usual translation. According to rank comparison charts of the United States Forces Korea (USFK), "taewŏnsu" is equivalent to a "seven-star general", with the junior ranks of "wonsu" and "chasu" listed as six and five stars respectively. The rank is frequently referred to in U.S. military publications as "grand marshal", comparable to the rank of general of the armies although that is normally considered a six-star rank. European military texts rate the rank equivalent to a "generalissimo". The South Korean armed forces have never made an attempt to declare an equivalent to the "wonsu" ranks of North Korea, and indeed often deride these ranks as having been created so as to "outrank" the military leaders of other nations, rather than for any necessary purpose of military administration. Even so, the holders of these ranks have commanded one of the largest military forces in the Pan-Asian theater therefore giving some credence to their existence. Other pronunciations of the characters 大元帥 元帥, a rank lower than Taewonsu </doc> <doc id="2345539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345539" title="Katawar"> Katawar Katawar or "Katir" is the name for the northern mountainous regions of Kafirstan in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Black-Robed (Siah-Posh) tribes living in these regions are also known as Katawars or Katirs. Other names for the tribes are "Kata", "Kator" and "Katawer". The Kafirs of Siah-Posh groups are descended from the ancient Kambojas. </doc> <doc id="2345542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345542" title="John King (journalist)"> John King (journalist) John King (born August 30, 1963) is an American news anchor. He is CNN's chief national correspondent, based in Washington, DC, and is anchor of its roundtable political discussion program "Inside Politics". He is the former anchor of "State of the Union", as well as "John King, USA", which appeared weeknights at 7pm/ET on CNN before being cancelled. King was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He is of Irish and Jewish descent. He attended Boston Latin School, and earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from the College of Arts and Sciences with a degree in journalism at the University of Rhode Island. John King married his first wife Jean Makie, with whom he has two children, Noah and Hannah. On May 25, 2008, King married his second wife, fellow CNN anchor Dana Bash. Before marrying Bash, King (previously a Roman Catholic) converted to Judaism, Bash's religion. Bash and King had a son, Jonah, in June 2011. The couple separated in March 2012. In 1985, King joined the Associated Press where he began as a writer. In 1991, King was named chief political correspondent and headed the AP's political coverage of the 1992 and 1996 presidential elections. Also in 1991, King won the top reporting prize from the Associated Press Managing Editors' Association for his coverage of the Gulf War in Kuwait. In 1997, King joined CNN where he served as the senior White House correspondent from 1999 to 2005. In 2005, King was named CNN's chief national correspondent, a position he still holds. He currently anchors the Sunday morning (and more frequently during presidential-election years) news program "Inside Politics," which features a rotating roundtable of members of the media who share their insights of current political topics with King. He frequently appears on the nightly news programs "The Situation Room" and "Anderson Cooper 360°" and sometimes fills in as anchor. King also uses the Multi-Touch Collaboration Wall, nicknamed the "Magic Wall" or "Magic Map." First used during the primaries of the 2008 presidential campaign, it allows him to display and manipulate various graphics and maps relating to poll and election results. He and the Multi-Touch Collaboration Wall have both been featured in a "Daily Show" segment. Just prior to the 2009 US presidential inauguration, King began hosting his new talk show "State of the Union," which replaced CNN's "Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer". With Lou Dobbs' sudden resignation from the network on November 12, 2009, CNN announced that King would take over Dobbs' timeslot in early 2010. On January 31, 2010, King announced that CNN's senior political reporter, Candy Crowley, would replace him as anchor of "State of the Union". King began hosting his new weeknight show on March 22, 2010, called "John King, USA". On May 2, 2011, John King was the CNN anchor who confirmed the death of Osama bin Laden to that network's viewers. On January 19, 2012, King moderated a Republican Presidential debate before the South Carolina Primary. "John King, USA" was cancelled in early 2012, with the final episode airing on June 29, 2012. On April 17, 2013, King, citing law enforcement sources, erroneously reported that a suspect in the April 15, 2013, bombing at the Boston Marathon had been identified by police and that the suspect was a dark-skinned male. King was the first to erroneously report on this identification of a suspect; other news outlets, such as "Fox News", soon erroneously reported that a suspect had been arrested. </doc> <doc id="2345544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345544" title="Artillery Duel"> Artillery Duel Artillery Duel is a artillery game originally written for the Bally Astrocade by Perkins Engineering and published by Bally in 1982. Xonox published ports for the Atari 2600, ColecoVision, Commodore 64, and VIC-20. "Artillery Duel" was featured in several double-ended cartridges—with one game on each end—as well as in a single cartridge. The game consists of dueling cannons on either side of a hill or mountain of varying height and shape. Each player has control of the incline and force behind the shell launched, the objective being to score a direct hit on the opposing target. Where many versions gave the player a few tries on the same course, "Artillery Duel" switches to a new mountain after each turn. When the player does manage to hit the opposing cannon, the reward is a brief animation of comically marching soldiers at the bottom of the screen. Danny Goodman of "Creative Computing Video & Arcade Games" said after visiting the summer 1982 Consumer Electronics Show that "the cleverest graphics award goes to "Artillery Duel"" for the Bally Astrocade, describing it as "really a graphics showpiece with a little bit of player interaction thrown in". </doc> <doc id="2345550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345550" title="The Coming Anarchy"> The Coming Anarchy The Coming Anarchy: How scarcity, crime, overpopulation, tribalism, and disease are rapidly destroying the social fabric of our planet is an influential article written by journalist Robert D. Kaplan, which was first published in the February 1994 edition of "The Atlantic Monthly". It is considered to be one of the fundamental theses on the state of current world affairs in the post Cold War era, and is ranked on the same level of doctrinal importance as Samuel Huntington's "Clash of Civilizations" and Francis Fukuyama's "The End of History and the Last Man" theses. U.S. President Bill Clinton reportedly recommended the article to White House staff. It has also been criticized as a Malthusian reading of the world, for blaming the situation on its victims and for overlooking alleged political and economical causes such as neoliberal policy. Whilst Fukuyama believed that the end of the Cold War would bring about a new era of peace in world affairs, Kaplan argued that the Cold War was the closest the world would ever get to Utopia. The new struggles were no longer neatly ideological, but cultural and historical. Kaplan saw the disorder and civil strife he observed in West Africa as representative of broader global trends. As environmental stress worsened, bringing with it widespread disease and resource conflict, social disharmony would increase as identities are redefined along cultural or tribal lines rather than the lines of often artificial political borders. Politics would become localized as states’ powers fade, with sub-national conflicts about self-defense, not ideology, becoming commonplace. The post-modern world would be, for Kaplan, one of numerous cross-cutting identities, systems and allegiances, far from the ordered state-based system that Kaplan saw in the West at the time. 20 years after the original publication of the original article, Robert D. Kaplan published a follow up article, entitled "Why So Much Anarchy?" , reflecting on the original's article relevance on current events, especially in Arab countries. In this new article, Kaplan recognizes that some of his prophecies, such as a revival of racial violence in America, did not come to be. However, he also stands by some of his more provocative arguments, such as the belief that "Islam is a religion ideally suited for the urbanizing poor who were willing to "fight" [emphasis added]". He thus mentions the growing popularity of Turkish President Erdogan's conservative Justice and Development Party, largely seen as aligning itself with islamic tendencies, as fulfilling his prediction of the rise of political Islam in Turkey. He also advances further arguments to determine which regimes are bound to fail, notably the presence of a strong, robust bureaucracy, which in turn necessitates a well entrenched middle class. Thus, the arguably successful democratic transition of most former Soviet republics into stable democracies can be explained by a strong bureaucratic apparatus backed by an important middle class. The lack of "bourgeoise traditions", on the other hand, can be interpreted as one of the main reasons of the failure of states such as Sierra Leone. Overall, Kaplan sticks to his original narrative, forecasting an inevitable anarchy on vast portions of the world. The article was republished as the first chapter of the book "The Coming Anarchy" in 2000. The book also included the controversial article "Was Democracy Just A Moment?" and several others by Kaplan. </doc> <doc id="2345557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345557" title="List of American Muslims"> List of American Muslims This is an incomplete list of notable Muslims who live or lived in the United States. </doc> <doc id="2345558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345558" title="The Bedford Diaries"> The Bedford Diaries The Bedford Diaries is an American television series that premiered on March 29, 2006 on The WB and concluded its first season on May 10, 2006. The series was created by Tom Fontana and Julie Martin. This series was canceled on May 18, 2006 after one season. A week prior to its premiere, The WB attempted to build buzz with scenes from the series' pilot posted on their website with more adult material not meant for broadcast, with those scenes edited out for the actual broadcast episode. "The Bedford Diaries" explores the excitement and intensity of New York City college life through the eyes of six students with different backgrounds, experiences and ages, who are brought together in a provocative sexuality seminar. The seminar, which examines the human condition through sexuality, is taught by maverick Professor Jake Macklin, who will challenge and inspire his students as they question their assumptions about their own sexuality, life and identity. The themes include sexual responsibility, manipulation, and the differences between love and sex, passion and abstinence. The students’ innermost thoughts and desires are told through video diaries they make to fulfill their weekly class assignments. Among the students are Sarah Gregory, the Student Government President, poised and assured but vulnerable in love, and her younger brother, Owen Gregory, a freshman pre-med major, who plans to take advantage of all the fun college life has to offer. Natalie Dykstra, a lovely, out-going and emotional woman, has returned to campus after a suicide attempt. She now struggles with being stereotyped as “the jumper.” Natalie’s ex-boyfriend, Richard Thorne, a former Park Avenue bad boy who turned his life around after Natalie’s jump, is also a member of the class. He’s now clean, sober and works as the college newspaper’s editor, but he’s still tormented by old demons. Lee Hemingway is a scholarship student from Queens with ambitions to become an art historian. Lee has a serious girlfriend, Rachel, but he’s attracted to another scholarship student, Zoe Lopez. Zoe talks a fast and flirty game, but despite her brash veneer, she is still a virgin and struggles with her growing feelings for Lee. The series also stars Tony Award-winner Audra McDonald as Professor Carla Bonatelle, a Political Science professor and head of the Ethics Committee, who regularly clashes with Professor Macklin, as well as with Harold Harper (Peter Gerety), the fatherly, compassionate and often beleaguered Dean of Students. The series was produced by HBO Independent Productions, Warner Bros. Television Production Inc. and The Levinson/Fontana Co., with executive producers Tom Fontana, Julie Martin, and Barry Levinson. Outdoor scenes were filmed at Barnard College in New York City. </doc> <doc id="2345562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345562" title="One Day in September"> One Day in September One Day in September is a 1999 documentary film directed by Kevin Macdonald examining the 5 September 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. Michael Douglas provides the sparse narration throughout the film. The film won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2000. The documentary begins with an advertisement by the Munich Tourism Bureau with a beautiful young girl inviting the world to visit the city for the Olympics, then shows interviews with the wives of some of the murdered athletes, including Ankie Spitzer, widow of fencing coach Andre Spitzer. The film also features the first known filmed interview with Jamal Al-Gashey, a surviving terrorist. Al-Gashey, who is in hiding in Africa, wears a cap and sunglasses and his face is slightly blurred. There are various shots of the Games getting under way, and attention is given to the lax security the Germans had at the Games. The terrorists are seen preparing for the assault; Al-Gashey claims that he and the other members were trained in Libya before going to West Germany to begin the assault. The assault is described by Al-Gashey as well as by some of the German security staff present. Footage of ABC anchor Jim McKay is interspersed, along with sound clips of Peter Jennings, to give an impression of events unfolding as they happened. General Ulrich Wegener, founder of the German counter-terrorist unit GSG 9, was also interviewed during the film, and was roundly criticized for his seemingly flippant attitude about the subject matter. The film offers evidence supporting the allegation that the rescue operation was poorly planned and executed; for instance, the German police aboard the getaway plane airplane voted to abandon their mission without consulting the central command, while the snipers were not prepared and were poorly positioned. The film implies that had the German government prepared better, the athletes might have been saved. Former Mossad Director Zvi Zamir, who was present at the airport during the final gunfight, is interviewed about his views on the failed rescue (he had previously been interviewed on this subject in an NBC profile of the Munich massacre broadcast during the Barcelona Olympics). At the end of the section, graphic photographs of the dead Israelis and Palestinians are shown in a photo-montage set to the Deep Purple song "Child in Time". The film also alleges that the 29 October hijacking of a Lufthansa jet and the subsequent release of the three surviving Black September members in exchange for the hostages was a set-up by the German government, who did not want their failings to be made obvious in the trial. After the film’s release, film critic Roger Ebert penned a review recommending the film, stating that it "grips the attention and is exciting and involving. I recommend it on that basis--and also because of the new information it contains". He also stated that "Macdonald brings remarkable research to the film" and "he relentlessly builds up a case against the way the Germans and the International Olympic Committee handled the crisis." But Ebert also criticized the style of the film, and the film's "tasteless conclusion", which was a montage of action shots and photos of victims' corpses with a rock music score. He continued his criticisms after the film received an Academy Award, claiming that the producer, Arthur Cohn, intentionally subverts the Academy's documentary and foreign film by-laws – which dictate that only members who have seen all nominated films may vote – by limiting screenings of his films to a small group of invited people. "By limiting those who have seen his, Cohn shrinks the voting pool and improves his odds." Joe Berlinger, director of the documentaries "Brother's Keeper" and "Paradise Lost", joined Ebert in criticizing Arthur Cohn's method of screening his films, but stressed that the problem is the Academy by-laws: "Until there is a documentary branch of the Academy that treats docs like any other film in any other category, nothing will change, despite the recent band-aid attempt to improve the situation." </doc> <doc id="2345563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345563" title="Renault R35"> Renault R35 The Renault R35, an abbreviation of "Char léger Modèle 1935 R" or R 35, was a French light infantry tank of the Second World War. Designed from 1933 onwards and produced from 1936, the type was intended as a light infantry support tank, equipping autonomous tank battalions, that would be allocated to individual infantry divisions to assist them in executing offensive operations. To this end it was relatively well-armoured but slow and lacking a good antitank-capacity, fitted with a short 37 mm gun. At the outbreak of the war, the antitank-role was more emphasized leading to the development and eventual production from April 1940 of a subtype with a more powerful longer gun, the Renault R40. It was planned to shift new production capacity to the manufacture of other, faster, types, but due to the defeat of France the R35/40 remained the most numerous French tank of the war, about 1685 vehicles having been produced by June 1940. At that moment it had also been exported to Poland, Romania, Turkey and Yugoslavia. For the remainder of the war Germany and its allies would use captured vehicles, some of them rebuilt into tank destroyers. The development plan of 1926 foresaw the introduction of a "char d'accompagnement", a cheap mass-produced light tank to replace the Renault FT of World War I vintage, to make it possible for the standard infantry divisions to execute combined arms infiltration tactics, seen as the only viable method of modern offensive warfare left for non-motorised units. The French army did not have the means to motorise more than a few select divisions. In 1930 this plan was replaced by a new one, giving more precise specifications. The first tank to be developed to fulfil its requirements, the Char D1, proved to be neither cheap nor particularly light. In 1933, "Hotchkiss" offered an alternative solution, the later Hotchkiss H35. For political reasons this proposal was turned into the "Plan 1933" and the whole of French industry was in August 1933 invited to propose possible designs. Fourteen companies responded (among which "Delaunay-Belleville") and five submitted a prototype: "Hotchkiss" itself, the "Compagnie Général de Construction des Locomotives", APX, FCM and of course France's prime tank producer: Renault. Fearing that his rival Hotchkiss might well replace him as such, Louis Renault hurried to finish a vehicle; construction was soon in such an advanced stage that the changes in specification issued on 21 June 1934, to increase armour thickness from 30 to 40 mm, could not be implemented. On 20 December 1934 Renault was the first to deliver a prototype, with the project name of Renault ZM, to the "Commission de Vincennes". In the spring of 1935 this vehicle was refitted with heavier armour and a standard APX turret, attached by the "Atelier de Rueil" between 18 and 25 April. The prototype was still being tested when international tensions increased due to German re-armament. This prompted an urgent demand for swifter modernisation of the French tank fleet. The ZM was to be put into production immediately. On 29 April 1935 an order of 300 was made, even before the final model could be finished, at a price of 190,000 French franc per hull (unarmed, without the engine and turret, the overall export price was ca. 1,400,000 francs in 1939, that is ca. 32,000 dollars by 1939 standards). The first series production vehicle was delivered on 4 June 1936 and had to be extensively tested again as it was different from the prototype. To save time, Renault based the suspension and running gear on that of the AMR 35 that was designed for the cavalry. It had five wheels at each side, fitted with horizontal leaf springs, like the AMC 35. The hull, with a length of 4.02 m, consisted of three cast modules, with a maximum thickness of 43 millimetres, that were bolted together. Total weight was 10.6 metric tonnes (9.8 tonnes without fuel and ammunition). The bottom module carried on each side an independently sprung front wheel, two bogies and the driving sprocket at the extreme front. The final drive and differentials were housed at the right in the nose module. It was steered through a Cletrac differential with five gears and by engaging the brakes. The driver was seated somewhat to the left and had two hatches. The Renault V-4 85 hp engine was to the right in the short rear with the self sealing 166 litre fuel tank at its left. It rendered a road speed of 20 km/h and a range of 130 km. Cross-country speed did not exceed 14 km/h and the fuel consumption totaled 212 litre/100 km. From 1940 onward they were fitted with AMX tails to help in trench crossing. The cast APX hexagonal turret had a 30 mm thick domed rotatable cupola with vertical vision slits (the highest point of 2.13 m) and had to be either hand cranked or moved about by the weight of the commander, the only other crew member. There was sometimes unofficially a seat installed for him but he most often stood. The rear of the turret had a hatch that hinged down that could be used as a seat to improve observation. The earliest vehicles were fitted with the APX-R turret (with the L713 sight) mounting the short Puteaux 37 mm L/21 SA18 gun (the first batches were removed from FT 17 guntanks which were then rebuilt as utility vehicles) and the 7.5 mm Châtellerault fortress machine gun. The cannon had a very poor armour penetration: only 12 mm at 500 metres. Afterwards the APX turret with the same cannon but the improved L739 sight and the standard Châtellerault 7.5 mm MAC31 Reibel machine gun was used because of delivery delays of the original weapon. There were also so many delays in the production of the turrets that after the first 380 hulls had been produced in 1936 and only 37 could be fitted with a turret, production was slowed down to 200 annually. The 7.5 mm machine gun's spent cartridges (from a total of 2,400) went down a chute through a hole in the floor. The tank carried 42 armour piercing and 58 high explosive rounds. The R 35 at first had no radio, except for the second battalion of the "507e Régiment de Chars de Combat" (of Charles de Gaulle), but the R 40 had the ER 54 installed. However, this added to the already heavy task load of the commander, who also acted as gunner and loader. In 1937 it had become obvious the original suspension system was unreliable and ineffective. After many trials it was replaced in the 1940 production run, after the 1540 vehicles had been built with the original design, by an AMX system using twelve wheels fitted with six vertical springs (AMX was the new name of the military division of Renault nationalised on 2 December 1936). About the same time the radio and a much more powerful gun were introduced. The long-barrelled L/35 37 mm SA38 in the adapted cast APX-R1 turret (with L767 sight) gave it an effective anti-tank capacity: 40 mm at 500 metres. The new combination was named the "Char léger modèle 1935 R modifié 1939" but is more commonly known as the Renault R40. It was delivered in time to equip one battalion of the Polish 10th Armoured Cavalry Brigade of the Polish Army in France and the last two French tank battalions to be formed. It was intended to fit the R 40 with the welded FCM turret in the second half of 1940, while refitting all existing R 35s with the longer SA 38 gun and bringing R 40 production levels up to 120 per month for the duration of the war. From January 1940, the vehicles of light tank unit commanders were gradually uparmed with the longer gun; but as absolute priority was given to tanks serving in armoured divisions, which were of the Hotchkiss type, of the 273 platoon, company and battalion commanders eligible in Renault units, only a few if any received this "R 39". The only official possible exception to the rule that Hotchkiss tanks had to be modified first was made on 12 February 1940 when it was ordered to replace the turrets of 24 Infantry tanks, without specifying the type, present in depot or driver schools in order to obtain older turrets to be fitted on R 35 export vehicles. In the same period a crash programme was executed to produce 200,000 armour piercing rounds per month for the shorter gun, as there had been only minimal stocks of this ammunition type. Several projects were based on the R 35 such as a number of fascine carriers: these had frames or other contraptions mounted over the hull or turret with a fascine in them that could be dropped to fill trenches. The R35 was intended to replace the Renault FT as standard light infantry tank from the summer of 1936, but even by May 1940 not enough conscripts had been retrained and therefore eight battalions of the older tank had to be kept operational. On 1 September 1939, at the outbreak of war, 975 vehicles had been delivered out of 1070 produced; 765 were fielded by tank battalions in France, 49 used for drive training, 33 were in depot and 45 present in the colonies. Of a total order for 2,300 at least 1,601 had been produced until 1 June 1940 — the numbers for that month are lacking — of which 245 had been exported: to Poland (50), Turkey (100; two batches of fifty each in February and March 1940), Romania (41 from an order for 200), and Yugoslavia (54). It is likely that the tanks exported to Yugoslavia (in April 1940) are not included under the 1,601 total and that overall production was 1,685; serial numbers known to be actually used indicate a production of at least 1670 vehicles. As the threat of war became apparent and the production rate of Polish 7TP tank was insufficient, it was decided to buy vehicles abroad. Poles were most interested in French SOMUA S35 tanks, but the proposal was refused by the French government. In 1938 the Polish Army bought one (according to other sources, two or three) R35 tank for testing. After a series of tests it was found that the design was disappointing: the engine was overheating, the suspension was tough, and armament insufficient. In April 1939 it was finally decided to buy a hundred R35 tanks as an emergency measure. The first shipment of fifty (other sources lower the number to 49) arrived in Poland in July 1939, along with three Hotchkiss H35 tanks bought for testing. In August they were put into service with the Łuck-based 12th Armoured Battalion. At the beginning of the Invasion of Poland 45 (or 46) tanks formed the core of the newly created 21st Light Tank Battalion. In the half of September the unit was withdrawn to defend the Romanian Bridgehead. Subsequently 34 tanks were withdrawn to Romania. 6 tanks were attached to the 10th Motorized Cavalry Brigade in Stanisławów (today Ivano-Frankivsk); they forced their way through Kolomyia and 3 vehicles crossed the Hungarian border. The remaining tanks - four R35 and three H35 - were put into service with the improvised "Dubno" Operational Group and took part in the battles of Krasne on 19 September (with Soviets) and Kamionka Strumiłowa (with Germans), all were destroyed. The second shipment of R35 did not reach Poland prior to the outbreak of World War II, their subsequent fate is uncertain (possibly they were sent by rail to Romania and stuck there, being assimilated by Romanian army later). As part of a rearmament program of the late 1930s, Romania sought to obtain a license for the local manufacture of two hundred French Renault R35 infantry tanks. By early 1938, negotiations for establishing a factory for the production of R35 tanks had reached an advanced state. By this time France's own demands for rearmament prohibited further development, however. In August and September 1939, as a stopgap measure, forty-one R35s were supplied to the Royal Romanian Army. These tanks served as the principal tank of the newly formed 2nd Armoured Regiment. At the end of September 1939, an additional thirty-four brand new R35s passed into Romanian hands when the Polish 21st Light Tank Battalion ("Batalion Czołgów Lekkich", or BCL) chose internment over capture following the German conquest of Poland and fled over the Romanian border. With seventy-five tanks on strength, the 2nd Armoured Regiment expanded into two battalions. During the Second World War, in 1943 and 1944, 33 of the Romanian R35s were rebuilt with a Soviet 45 mm gun taken from captured T-26 tanks to improve their anti-tank capacity. The captured guns were refurbished at the Army Arsenal in Târgoviște while the new gun mounts containing the recoil mechanism were made at the Concordia Works in Ploiești. Their co-axial machine gun was also removed. The conversions were performed at Atelierele Leonida in Bucharest. They were renamed Vânătorul de care R35 and served until the end of the war. On 10 May 1940, on the eve of the German invasion, in mainland France the R 35 equipped 21 battalions, each fielding 45 vehicles. This gave 945 R 35/R 40 tanks in the French front line units. Of these 900 were originally allocated at Army level in "Groupements de Bataillons de Chars" consisting of several battalions: These pure tank units had no organic infantry or artillery component and thus had to cooperate with infantry divisions. However, 135 R35s (2, 24 and the new 44 BCC) were allocated on 15 May to the provisional 4th DCR ("Division Cuirassée de Réserve"). Two more new battalions, the 40th and 48th "Bataillion de Chars de Combat", though still not having completed training, were used to reinforce 2DCR, the first equipped with 15 R35s and 30 R40s, the second with 16 R35s and 29 R40s bringing the total organic strength to 1035. In addition the 1st and 2nd Tank Battalion of the Polish 10th Armoured Cavalry Brigade, at first training with FT 17's, were equipped with 17 R35s and about 24 R40s in late May; in June the R40s had been given back but replaced by 28 new ones. At the same time 1, 6, 25, 34 and 39 BCC were used to reconstitute 1DCR, 10 BCC reinforced 3DCR and 25 BCC was reconstituted with 21 R35s and 24 (ex-Polish) R40s. As about 300 tanks from the materiel reserve were issued to these units as well, around 800 of the 1440 available R35s ended up in armoured divisions after all. Two R35 battalions (63 and 68 BCC) with 45 and 50 tanks respectively were in Syria, a French mandate territory, and 30 were in Morocco, 26 serving with 62 BCC and four in depot. The tanks in Syria would fight during the allied invasion of that mandate territory in 1941 and then partly be taken over by the Free French "1e CCC", those in North Africa during Operation Torch in November 1942. The majority (843) of R35s fell into German hands; 131 were used as such as "Panzerkampfwagen 35R 731 (f)", issued to panzer units and mainly used for security duties or driver training, or used on armoured trains; most were later rebuilt as artillery tractors and ammunition carriers after removing the turret. A considerable number, 174 according to some sources, were converted into a 47 mm tank destroyer to replace the Panzerjäger I: the "4,7 cm PaK(t) auf Panzerkampfwagen 35R(f) ohne Turm". The tank destroyer version had the turret replaced with an armoured superstructure mounting a 47mm kanon P.U.V. vz. 36 (Škoda A6) anti-tank gun. The vehicles were converted by Alkett between May to October 1941 to try and make an equivalent vehicle to the Panzerjäger I. The result was not as successful as the Panzerjäger I, mainly due to the slow speed of the R 35 and the overloaded chassis. A few were deployed in Operation Barbarossa, most were deployed in occupied territories, such as the Channel Islands, The Netherlands (with Pz.Jg.Abt.657, part of Pz Kompanie 224) and France. They fought in the battles for Normandy with "Schnelle Brigade 30" in 1944 (five attached to the 3rd company, "Schnelle Abteilung 517"), and around Arnhem with Pz.Jg.Abt. 657. Other possible users include 346 Inf. Div. in Normandy and 59th Inf. Div who fought the 101st Airborne at Arnhem. Some of the turrets removed from the tanks were used on defensive fighting positions known as "Tobruks". This gave the Tobruk enhanced firepower and the gunner protection from shrapnel and small arms. Fourteen R 35 tanks, used to train tank drivers, equipped the "100. Panzer-Ersatz-Bataillon" (100th Panzer Replacement Battalion) in the German Seventh Army in 1944. On 6 June 1944, they were among the first "Armee-Reserve" units sent into combat near Sainte-Mère-Église to oppose the American airborne landings in Normandy. Supporting a counterattack by the 1057th Grenadier Regiment, R35s penetrated the command post of the U.S. 1st Battalion 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment before being destroyed by bazooka fire. Some of the tanks that Germany captured were given or sold to Germany's allies: Italy (124), which used some of its R35s in defence of Gela on Sicily against US Rangers; and Bulgaria (about forty). Three Polish vehicles in late 1939 found their way to Hungary. Switzerland took over twelve R 35s that had fled from France. After the German victory over Yugoslavia in 1941, the Independent State of Croatia took over some R35s that had not been destroyed when fighting "11. Panzerdivision" on 13 and 14 April. The R 35 saw combat in Syrian hands when five R 35s took part in an unsuccessful Syrian Army attack on the Jewish kibbutz Degania Alef in the Galilee on 20 May 1948. The kibbutz defenders, armed with a 20 mm anti-tank gun and Molotov cocktails, managed to knock out three R 35s, causing the remaining forces to retreat. One of the disabled R 35s remains near the kibbutz today as a memorial of the 1948 Israeli War of Independence. A 1991 IDF probe proved that this R35 had been knocked out by a PIAT round. The Lebanese Army also incorporated a number of R 35s. Some of the Lebanese vehicles had been rebuilt with a British 40 mm Ordnance QF 2-pounder gun, seeing action in the 1958 Lebanon crisis. Some R 35s served after the war in the Gendarmerie, as "R 39s" refitted with SA 38 guns. They were phased out from 1951 in favour of the Sherman tank. Pascal Danjou, 2005, "Renault R35/R40", Editions du Barbotin, Ballainvilliers </doc> <doc id="2345569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345569" title="Alfred Lutwyche"> Alfred Lutwyche Justice Alfred James Peter Lutwyche (26 February 1810 – 12 June 1880) Lutwyche was the eldest son of John Lutwyche, of a Worcestershire family, who removed to London and started as a leather merchant, under the firm of Lutwyche & George, in Skinner Street, Snow Hill. Lutwyche was educated at Charterhouse School and at the Queen's College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1828 and graduated B.A. in 1832, and subsequently M.A. While still at university, he had decided to pursue a career in law and became a student at the Middle Temple in London. After working in the legal areas of conveyancing and special pleadings, Lutwyche was called to the bar in May 1840. As a barrister, he went on the Oxford circuit. While he built up his practice as a barrister, he also supplemented his income and acquired some journalistic experience as a colleague of Charles Dickens, on the "Morning Chronicle". Suffering poor health, Lutwyche decided to immigrate to Australia. In 1853, he embarked in London on the "Meridian" bound for Melbourne. The ship was wrecked on the Island of Amsterdam in the southern Indian Ocean. It was a miracle that almost all on board (apart from the captain, the cook and one passenger) survived. At the wreck site, they were faced with a 200-foot lava cliff, which the sailors scaled and then hauled up the passengers. The ship broke up before any provisions could be gathered, but they were able to catch fish, which enabled them to survive for 12 days before Captain Isaac Ludlow of the American whaler "Monmouth" found them and took them to Mauritius. Lutwyche then travelled on the "Emma Colvin" to Melbourne, arriving in December 1853. Having entered the New South Wales Legislative Council, he was Solicitor-General in the first Charles Cowper Ministry from September to October 1856, and represented the Government in the Upper House. He was again Solicitor-General in the second Cowper Administration from September 1857 to November 1858, when he succeeded Mr. (afterwards Sir) James Martin as Attorney-General. This post he resigned in February 1859. In October 1857 Lutwyche was appointed Resident Judge of what was then the Moreton Bay district of New South Wales. Two months later he became sole Judge of the new colony of Queensland, and occupied the bench unaided until the arrival of the first Chief Justice, Sir James Cockle, in February 1863. But for a certain lack of self-restraint in his judgements and utterances, Mr. Lutwyche would himself have been appointed the first Chief Justice of Queensland, and he keenly felt the disallowance of his claims. In 1855, while in Sydney, Alfred Lutwyche married a widow, Mary Ann (Jane) Morris (née Simpson) at St Lawrence's Anglican Church. Jane (as she was commonly known) had 4 children from her marriage to George Henry Morris. The Morris family were also among the survivors of the 1853 wreck of the "Meridian" but George Morris succumbed to tuberculosis in 1854 in Sydney. Alfred and Jane Lutwyche had no children. Lutwyche was a wealthy settler who owned vast tracts of land in Wooloowin and surrounding areas; the Kedron Lodge, his magnificent heritage-listed residence, still stands to this day in the affluent district of Kalinga. In 1865, Lutwyche donated a block of land near Kedron Brook for the establishment of a new Anglican church, St Andrew's. A Gothic-style wooden church was built and opened on 30 November 1866. Lutwyche was an active member of the church and requested to be buried in the churchyard. He later donated a further acre of land adjacent to the church for a rectory. Lutwyche died at his residence, "Kedron Lodge", 123 Nelson Street, Wooloowin in Brisbane on 12 June 1880 following a severe attack of gout in the preceding fortnight. As he had requested, he had a simple funeral (which was nonetheless hugely attended) and was buried in the churchyard of St Andrew's Anglican Church on Lutwyche Road on 15 June 1880. The service was conducted by Archdeacon Glennie and Rev. Love. His wife Jane arranged for a Celtic cross to be erected as a memorial over his grave on the southern side of the church. His widow Jane died at her residence "Park Villa", Park Road, Lutwyche, Brisbane on 6 January 1891 and is buried with her husband in St Andrew's churchyard. A memorial cross at St Andrew's commemorates the couple. The north Brisbane inner-city suburb of Lutwyche, the Lutwyche Cemetery in Kedron, Lutwyche Road and the Kedron State High School sporting house are named in his honour. With his background in law and journalism, Lutwyche was a prolific writer. Of particular interest are the following works: </doc> <doc id="2345578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345578" title="Santa María Cahabón"> Santa María Cahabón Cahabón is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 250m above sea level. It contains 31,425 people. It covers a terrain of 900km2. The annual festival is September 1-September 8. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Legislative Decree 60-70, for agricultural development. The decree literally said: "It is of public interest and national emergency, the establishment of Agrarian Development Zones in the area included within the municipalities: San Ana Huista, San Antonio Huista, Nentón, Jacaltenango, San Mateo Ixtatán, and Santa Cruz Barillas in Huehuetenango; Chajul and San Miguel Uspantán in Quiché; Cobán, Chisec, San Pedro Carchá, Lanquín, Senahú, Cahabón and Chahal, in Alta Verapaz and the entire department of Izabal." Cahabón has a tropical climate (Köppen: "Af"). </doc> <doc id="2345579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345579" title="Black Coffee (Peggy Lee album)"> Black Coffee (Peggy Lee album) Black Coffee is the first album by Peggy Lee. It was released in the ten-inch format in 1953 by Decca. In 1956, at the request of the record label, Lee recorded four more songs for a reissue of the album in the twelve-inch LP format. The entry at AllMusic.com erroneously states that the 1953 issue was an album of four 78 RPM records. The 2004 Verve Master Series compact disc reissue includes facsimiles of both the 1953 and 1956 LP covers front and back, and Will Friedwald identifies the release as a ten-inch LP in the liner notes. By 1953, Lee had been recording professionally since joining the Benny Goodman Orchestra in 1941 but had only released songs on 78s or 45s. This was her first opportunity to record an album. In the early 1950s, record companies usually reserved the 12" LP for classical music and, in the case of Decca and Columbia, cast recordings of Broadway musicals. This practice ended after this LP was recorded. Ten-inch records were discontinued generally by the mid-1950s. Lee added four songs at sessions in 1956 to expand the running time to the twelve-inch LP. Neither the 10" nor the 12" release made the Popular Album Chart, the chart expanding to a listing of ten to thirty LPs on average during 1956. Joni Mitchell declared the album one of her favorites, leading off her torch song album of 2000, "Both Sides Now", with a selection from "Black Coffee", "You're My Thrill". In his book "Jazz Singing", Will Friedwald names the album one of his desert island discs. Three sessions in 1953 yielded eight tracks for the ten-inch LP at Decca Studios on West 57th Street in New York City on April 30, May 1, and May 4. The 1956 sessions to record the additional four tracks the twelve-inch LP were at Decca studios in Hollywood on April 3 with different personnel. On October 26, 2004, the album was reissued as part of the Verve Master Edition series. Verve and Decca are owned by Universal. The track sequence followed the 1956 twelve-inch reissue. No producer is listed. Milt Gabler is mentioned in the reissue credits as A&R representative for Decca. </doc> <doc id="2345580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345580" title="Warriors of Might and Magic"> Warriors of Might and Magic Warriors of Might and Magic is an action role-playing game developed and released by The 3DO Company for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color in 2000. The three versions, although they all follow a similar storyline, are each unique, especially the GBC version which is presented in 2D instead of 3D and has an almost completely different story. Each version of the game centers around the protagonist Alleron, who is wrongfully accused of committing necromancy by Master Nola, and is exiled in result. He is forced to wear the Mask of the Accused as a punishment for his crimes, which acts as a magnet to monsters. It is difficult to determine when the events of Warriors of Might takes place in the Might and Magic timeline. However, it's speculated that it takes place in between Heroes of Might and Magic III and Heroes IV. Development started soon after "Crusaders of Might and Magic" had been completed. The team learned from their mistakes and had wished to create a bigger and better game, development was troubled as the team often clashed with the 3DO company. The game initially started development as a sequel to Crusaders of Might and Magic, however since Crusaders performed poorly in sales, 3DO opted to start with a new fresh idea. They thought that a new name and a new character might redeem their spinoff in the eyes of the fans, which would lead to better sales. Early screenshots of the game show it played from a first person perspective; however this did not sit well with the marketing team at 3DO and this version was scrapped in favor of an action game due to marketing. 3DO's marketing team ordered specific alterations to be made to what was then Crusaders of Might and Magic 2, this resulted in the creation of Warriors of Might and Magic. The PC version did exist at some point; it was expected to release November 27, 2000 and would have followed the plot of the PS2 game and featured better graphics. It had been worked on and was approximately half way done but was ultimately scrapped for unknown reasons. When creating the story the developers were interested in depicting the origin of the Ancients, Master Nola and Kreegans that appeared in previous Might and Magic games and attempted to recover continuity with the Might and Magic series. This was done by selecting enemies and spells that had appeared in previous iterations in the Might and Magic series of games. The team had a phrase when developing the game's somber story and tone which was, "Warriors of Might and Magic, it's really quite tragic." The PlayStation version of Warriors of Might and Magic was positively received, earning a GameRankings score of 85%. The PlayStation version in particular has received a cult following status among gamers and is the best regarded version out of the three.It is a landmark in 3D gaming due to its advanced dynamic lighting system. However, the PlayStation 2 version holds a review score of 65% on Metacritic. Joe Fielder from GameSpot awarded it a score of 6.5 out of 10, opining "Those interested should check out the Playstation 2 release, There's a decent game hidden in here somewhere; fans should stick with the PS1 release instead for a better time. The implementation of master Nola is a welcome addition for fans of the series. Fans will have a better time playing the Playstation original. " IGN's Doug Perry awarded it a score of 6.5 out of 10, saying that it "hits the mark on a few cylinders, but its clumsy, redundant nature will put you to sleep, and for a videogame, which is by definition supposed to be 'entertaining', that's not a good sign. However, Master Nola's performance is appreciated and well executed." The game (in its versions for the PS and PS2) was followed by a direct sequel titled "Shifters", released for the PlayStation 2 in 2002. The sequel follows the ending of the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 versions; taking place soon after their endings where Alleron hunts down the Ancients, Master Nola and Kreegans. </doc> <doc id="2345582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345582" title="Chisec"> Chisec Chisec is a municipality in the north of the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz that was founded in 1813. It is situated at 230m above sea level. The municipality covers a territory of 1488 km². Approximately 95% of the municipality's inhabitants are Mayan, spread over the town of Chisec and approximately 140 communities. (There used to be closer to 240 communities, but a number of these have officially split off to the new municipality of Raxruha, created by the Guatemalan Congress in 2008.) The Q'eqchi' language is widely spoken there alongside Spanish. The first settler project in the Franja Transversal del Norte (FTN) was in Sebol-Chinajá in Alta Verapaz. Sebol, then regarded as a strategic point and route through Cancuén river, which communicated with Petén through the Usumacinta River on the border with Mexico and the only road that existed was a dirt one built by President Lázaro Chacón in 1928. In 1958, during the government of General Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) financed infrastructure projects in Sebol. In 1960, then Army captain Fernando Romeo Lucas Garcia inherited Saquixquib and Punta de Boloncó farms in northeastern Sebol. In 1963 he bought the farm "San Fernando" El Palmar de Sejux and finally bought the "Sepur" farm near San Fernando. During those years, Lucas was in the Guatemalan legislature and lobbied in Congress to boost investment in that area of the country. In 1962, the DGAA became the National Institute of Agrarian Reform (INTA), by Decree 1551 which created the law of Agrarian Transformation. In 1964, INTA defined the geography of the FTN as the northern part of the departments of Huehuetenango, Quiché , Alta Verapaz and Izabal and that same year priests of the Maryknoll order and the Order of the Sacred Heart began the first process of colonization, along with INTA, carrying settlers from Huehuetenango to the Ixcán sector in Quiché. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Decree 60-70 in the Congress, for agricultural development. In 1971 the indigenous Q'eqchi's from 24 villages in the Cancuén area, in southern Petén and north of Chisec were evicted by the Army, because it was considered that the region was rich in oil. Since 1974, oil had been commercially extracted in the FTN vicinity following discoveries made by Shenandoah Oil and Basic Resources, which were operating together in the Rubelsanto oil field in Alta Verapaz. In 1976, when ten president Kjell Laugerud Garcia came to visit the Mayalán cooperative in Ixcán, Quiché -which was formed just 10 years before- said: "Mayalán is seated on top of the gold," hinting that the North Transversal Strip would no longer be used for agriculture and the cooperative movement, but rather by strategic exploitation of natural resources. After that presidential visit, the two oil companies conducted exploration in Xacbal, near Mayalán in Ixcán, where they drilled the "San Lucas" well with unsuccessful results. These initial exploration, however, paved the way for future Ixcán and FTN oil experimentation, were also the main reason for building the dirt road that runs along the Strip. Shenandoah Oil, the National Institute of Agrarian Reform (INTA) and the Army Engineer Battalion coordinated the construction of that corridor between 1975 and 1979, which eventually allowed political, military and powerful businessmen of the time become owners of many lands where potential timber and oil wealth lay. High Guatemalan government officers became large landowners and investors taking advantage of the peasant transfer policies, privileged insider information, expansion of public credit and major development projects; the Army entered the business world with the Bank of the Army, pension funds and others. There is a large demand within Guatemala and some of its neighbors for edible oils and fats, which would explain how the African oil palm became so prevalent in the country in detriment of other oils, and which has allowed new companies associated to large capitals in a new investment phase that can be found particularly in some territories that form the Northern Transversal Strip of Guatemala. The investors are trying to turn Guatemala into one of the main palm oil exporters, in spite of the decline on its international price. The most active region is found in Chisec and Cobán, in Alta Verapaz Department; Ixcán in Quiché Department, and Sayaxché, Petén Department, where Palmas del Ixcán, S.A. (PALIX) is located, both with its own plantation and those of subcontractors. Another active region is that of Fray Bartolomé de las Casas and Chahal in Alta Verapaz Department; El Estor and Livingston, Izabal Department; and San Luis, Petén, where Naturaceites operates. Chisec has a tropical climate (Köppen: "Af"). </doc> <doc id="2345586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345586" title="Fray Bartolomé de las Casas"> Fray Bartolomé de las Casas Fray Bartolomé de las Casas () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 170m above sea level. It contains 31,611 people. It covers a terrain of 1229km2. The annual festival is April 30-May 4. It is named after the 15th-century Spanish priest, bishop, and writer Bartolomé de Las Casas. The first settler project in the Franja Transversal del Norte (FTN) was in Sebol-Chinajá in Alta Verapaz. Sebol, then regarded as a strategic point and route through Cancuén river, which communicated with Petén through the Usumacinta River on the border with Mexico and the only road that existed was a dirt one built by President Lázaro Chacón in 1928. In 1958, during the government of General Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) financed infrastructure projects in Sebol. In 1960, then Army captain Fernando Romeo Lucas Garcia inherited Saquixquib and Punta de Boloncó farms in northeastern Sebol. In 1963 he bought the farm "San Fernando" El Palmar de Sejux and finally bought the "Sepur" farm near San Fernando. During those years, Lucas Garcia was in the Guatemalan legislature and lobbied heavily in Congress to boost investment in that area of the country. In 1962, the DGAA became the National Institute of Agrarian Reform (INTA), by Decree 1551 which created the law of Agrarian Transformation. In 1964, INTA defined the geography of the FTN as the northern part of the departments of Huehuetenango, Quiché , Alta Verapaz and Izabal and that same year priests of the Maryknoll order and the Order of the Sacred Heart began the first process of colonization, along with INTA, carrying settlers from Huehuetenango to the Ixcán sector in Quiché. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Decree 60-70 in the Congress, for agricultural development. There is a large demand within Guatemala and some of its neighbors for edible oils and fats, which would explain how the African oil palm became so prevalent in the country in detriment of other oils, and which has allowed new companies associated to large capitals in a new investment phase that can be found particularly in some territories that form the Northern Transversal Strip of Guatemala. The investors are trying to turn Guatemala into one of the main palm oil exporters, in spite of the decline on its international price. The most active region is found in Chisec and Cobán, in Alta Verapaz Department; Ixcán in Quiché Department, and Sayaxché, Petén Department, where Palmas del Ixcán, S.A. (PALIX) is located, both with its own plantation and those of subcontractors. Another active region is that of Fray Bartolomé de las Casas and Chahal in Alta Verapaz Department; El Estor and Livingston, Izabal Department; and San Luis, Petén, where Naturaceites operates. Fray Bartolomé de las Casas has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen: "Af"). </doc> <doc id="2345588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345588" title="San Agustín Lanquín"> San Agustín Lanquín San Agustín Lanquín (), often referred to simply as Lanquín, is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 380 m above sea level. It has a population of about 16,500 people, many of Q'eqchi' Maya descent. It covers an area of 208 km². Lanquín, one of the native settlement conquered peacefully by the Order of Preachers -among them: Pedro de Angulo, O.P., Luis de Cáncer, O.P. and Rodrigo de la Cebra, O.P.- was established in 1540. In the 1540s, its first Catholic chapel was built, with the name of "San Agustín Lanquín". According to this historical records, it was elevated to the municipality category in 1846, and its first mayor was Crisanto Beb, honorable native. In May 1956, an executive action by colonel coronel Carlos Castillo Armas declared Lanquín a National Park due to its natural beauty, which is one of the main tourist attractions in Guatemala. Later, in 1970, Lanquín was promoted to National Monument and, finally, in 1997 -by another executive action- it was declared as a National Cultural Patrimony. In the 1960s, the importance of the region was in livestock, exploitation of precious export wood and archaeological wealth. Timber contracts we granted to multinational companies such as Murphy Pacific Corporation from California, which invested US$30 million for the colonization of southern Petén and Alta Verapaz, and formed the North Impulsadora Company. Colonization of the area was made through a process by which inhospitable areas of the Franja Transversal del Norte (FTN) were granted to native peasants. In 1964, the National Institute for Agrarian Transformation (INTA) defined the geography of the FTN as the northern part of the departments of Huehuetenango, Quiché , Alta Verapaz and Izabal and that same year priests of the Maryknoll order and the Order of the Sacred Heart began the first process of colonization, along with INTA, carrying settlers from Huehuetenango to the Ixcán sector in Quiché. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Decree 60-70 in the Congress, for agricultural development. The area included within the municipalities: San Ana Huista, San Antonio Huista, Nentón, Jacaltenango, San Mateo Ixtatán, and Santa Cruz Barillas in Huehuetenango; Chajul and San Miguel Uspantán in Quiché; Cobán, Chisec, San Pedro Carchá, Lanquín, Senahú, Cahabón and Chahal, in Alta Verapaz and the entire department of Izabal. The culture of the municipality is enriched by the q'eqchi' people's view of Cosmos and Nature, which has a strong influence in the community. The basic principle of the q'eqchi' culture is one of respect towards their surroundings -fauna and flora, in general-; however, in the later years, this principle is being threatened by other culture influences. The concept of trust is important for business and all kind of transactions, being even more important than the judiciary and legal documents; this comes from the fact that the q'eqchi culture is one that assumes responsibility and considers that cleanliness, punctuality and respect are elements of trust. It is estimated that around 65% of the population is Roman Catholic, although there have been evangelical Christian settlements that have slowly grown in the area in the last twenty years. The Q'eqchi population has kept its ancestral customs of communication with nature and cosmos; however, there is not a single statistical study of what portion of the population actually keeps the traditions alive, although it is clear that it has been decreasing rapidly. Within the municipality there are two known native altars, one in the Grutas and another one in Semuc Champey, although it is believed that town elders are aware of more important altars that they keep for themselves. In Guatemala, the main human settlement celebrate their annual fair based on the Catholic Saint that is celebrated on the day the town was established. In general, these celebrations include fireworks, traditional food stands, children games, Christian celebrations and popular dances. In Lanquín, the annual fair takes place from 24 to 28 August, being the 28 the main event, since it is the date the Catholic Church celebrates Saint Augustine. Al large cave complex known as Grutas de Lanquín is located at only one kilometer from the capital city of the municipality and 11 km south of Lanquín runs the Cahabon River and one can find the Semuc Champey natural monument. Lanquín is often the starting point of the tourist excursions to Semuc Champey. Lanquín has tropical rainforest climate (Köppen: "Af"). </doc> <doc id="2345589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345589" title="Panzós"> Panzós Panzós () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. On 29 May 1978, the village of Panzós was the site of a massacre in which between 30 and 106 local inhabitants (figures vary) were killed by the army. The name Panzós means "place of the green waters", in reference to the nearby Polochic River and swamps full of alligators and birds. The Polochic river valley was originally inhabited by Q'eqchi' and Poqomchi' peoples. The first Spanish settlement, according to Domingo Juárez, was founded there on 11 October 1825; however, other historians specify 11 October 1861 as its foundation date. Later on, government decree #38 of 1871, in which all Guatemalan municipalities were asked to elect representatives to the National Assembly shows Panzós a town in District 35. In 1891, Panzós became part of Alta Verapaz Department for good. After the Liberal revolution of 1871, president Justo Rufino Barrios (1873-1885) and started granting land to German settlers in the area. By Decree #170 (or Census Decree) the government allowed confiscation of Indigenous land that had remained protected until then, to make it easier for the Germans and liberal military officers to get land of their own. Since then, the main commercial and agricultural activity in the region has been coffee, cardamom and bananas. Thus, the main characteristics of the productive system of those years was the accumulation of land by a few owners, and a sort of "hacienda servitude", based on the legal exploitation of the natives. In the 1880s, Panzós had become a very important commercial river port, heavily used for coffee exports the finished product was carried by oxen carts over poorly kept roads, or on small boats through creeks to the port, and from there it was loaded into larger ships and sent to the Caribbean Sea and then on to Europe or other destinations. This archaic system changed drastically in the 1890s, once the Verapaz Railroad was built. The Verapaz Railroad began on 15 January 1894 with a contract for 99 years between Guatemala -then ruled by president José María Reina Barrios- and Walter Dauch, representative of the Verapaz Railroad & Northern Agency Ltd. The contract settled the rules for the construction, maintenance and exploitation of a 30-mile railroad line between Panzós and Pancajché. Passenger service travelled twice a week, on Mondays and Thursdays; besides, mail arrived by ship every Wednesday and cargo came from Livingston, Izabal. Besides, there were train stops in Santa Rosita, Santa Catalina La Tinta, and Papalhá. In 1898, it was reported that given the coffee prosperity in Cobán, which in those days was the third largest city in Guatemala, the railroad was going to be extended to that city. The railroad was in operation until 1965, when it was superseded by truck and highways. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Legislative Decree 60-70, for agricultural development. The decree stated: "It is of public interest and national emergency, the establishment of Agrarian Development Zones in the area included within the municipalities: Santa Ana Huista, San Antonio Huista, Nentón, Jacaltenango, San Mateo Ixtatán, and Santa Cruz Barillas in Huehuetenango; Chajul and San Miguel Uspantán in Quiché; Cobán, Chisec, San Pedro Carchá, Lanquín, Senahú, Cahabón and Chahal, in Alta Verapaz and the entire department of Izabal." On 27 May 1978, when natives from San Vicente (in Panzós) went to work the land on the shores of the Polochic river, the sons of a local landlord showed up with several armed soldiers, and intimidated the natives to stop demanding land for themselves. The same day, the military detained two peasants in La Soledad, and roughed up several more. There was a small disturbance and one of the peasants was killed. On 28 May, peasants from La Soledad and Cahaboncito presented a document previously prepared by FASGUA to mayor Walter Overdick Garcia, in order for him to read it out loud. In that document, FASGUA asked the mayor to mediate "for the peasants' sake and try to solve the problems they had". On 29 May 1978, to pressure the authorities for their land demands and to protest against the abuses of landlords and military and civil authorities, peasants from the settlements of Cahaboncito, Semococh, Rubetzul, Canguachá, Sepacay, Moyagua and La Soledad, decided to protest in downtown Panzós. Hundreds of native men, women and children went to the central square, bringing along their machetes and other agricultural instruments. One of those who participated in the demonstration later recalled: "the idea was not to fight anybody, we only wanted to clarify the land situation. People came from various locations and they did not have firearms with them". That same day, after an unclear provation, the army massacred the peasants who had gathered peacefully. An unclear number of people died under the fire of machine guns. Panzós has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen: "Am"). </doc> <doc id="2345590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345590" title="San Cristóbal Verapaz"> San Cristóbal Verapaz San Cristóbal Verapaz () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is at approximately 29 km from Cobán, capital of Alta Verapaz and about 210 km from Guatemala City. San Cristóbal belongs to the Pokimchi' linguistic area. Its main income source is the «Cobán» shoe factory, which specializes in industrial rubber boots, which are sold both locally and internationally. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Legislative Decree 60-70, for agricultural development. The decree literally said: "It is of public interest and national emergency, the establishment of Agrarian Development Zones in the area included within the municipalities: San Ana Huista, San Antonio Huista, Nentón, Jacaltenango, San Mateo Ixtatán, and Santa Cruz Barillas in Huehuetenango; Chajul and San Miguel Uspantán in Quiché; Cobán, Chisec, San Pedro Carchá, Lanquín, Senahú, Cahabón and Chahal, in Alta Verapaz and the entire department of Izabal." San Cristóbal Verapaz was not part of the Strip, but it was bordering it and felt the devastating effects of the Guatemala Civil War which was fought mainly in the Strip during the 1980s. San Cristóbal Verapaz has temperate climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). The rural area of the municipality has eighty nine communities, while the villa has five neighborhoods: Santa Ana, San Felipe, San Cristóbal, San Sebastián y Esquipulas. The municipality is divided into the following microregions: There are eighteen populated locations that are considered the most important due to the number of inhabitants and utility availability and access: </doc> <doc id="2345591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345591" title="San Juan Chamelco"> San Juan Chamelco San Juan Chamelco is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 1350 m above sea level. It covers a terrain of 80 km². The annual festival is on June 24. San Juan Chamelco has temperate climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). San Juan Chamelco is surrounded by Alta Verapaz Department municipalities. </doc> <doc id="2345592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345592" title="Kathryn Colvin"> Kathryn Colvin Kathryn Colvin, CVO (born 1945) is a British diplomat. She received a BA(Hons) at the University of Bristol. She went on to obtain a Diplome d'Etudes Superieure from Bordeaux, and become a FIL. She joined the Foreign Office in 1968, and spent the period 1968-1994 in the Information Research Department (known from 1977 as the Information and Analysis Department). From 1980-1990 she was in the United Kingdom delegation to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva. In 1994-1995 she was Deputy Head of the OSCE Department, in 1995-1998 of the West Europe Department, and 1998-1999 of the Whitehall Liaison Department. From 1999 to 2001 she was Her Majesty's Vice Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps, a senior member of the Royal Household and the Queen's link with the diplomatic community in London. The role involved arranging the annual Diplomatic Corps Reception by the Sovereign, organising the regular presentation of credentials ceremonies for Ambassadors and High Commissioners, and supervising attendance of diplomats at state events. She was Ambassador to the Holy See 2001 to 2005. She was made a CVO in 2002. </doc> <doc id="2345593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345593" title="Logie Awards of 1968"> Logie Awards of 1968 The 10th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 22 March 1968 at the Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. British television actress Violet Carson and American television actors Christopher George, Peter Breck and Cheryl Miller appeared as guests. This article lists the winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1968: </doc> <doc id="2345594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345594" title="San Pedro Carchá"> San Pedro Carchá San Pedro Carchá, usually referred to as Carchá, is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 1282 m above sea level. It has an estimated population 245,000 people. It covers a terrain of 1082 km². Deportivo Carchá football club play their home games in the Estadio Juan Ramon Ponce Guay. They have played in Guatemala's top division from 1998-2001. The Northern Transversal Strip was officially created during the government of General Carlos Arana Osorio in 1970, by Legislative Decree 60-70, for agricultural development. The decree literally said: "It is of public interest and national emergency, the establishment of Agrarian Development Zones in the area included within the municipalities: San Ana Huista, San Antonio Huista, Nentón, Jacaltenango, San Mateo Ixtatán, and Santa Cruz Barillas in Huehuetenango; Chajul and San Miguel Uspantán in Quiché; Cobán, Chisec, San Pedro Carchá, Lanquín, Senahú, Cahabón and Chahal, in Alta Verapaz and the entire department of Izabal." San Pedro Carchá has a warm and temperate climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). San Pedro Carchá is completely surrounded by Alta Verapaz department municipalities: </doc> <doc id="2345595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345595" title="Santa Cruz Verapaz"> Santa Cruz Verapaz Santa Cruz Verapaz () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 1406 m above sea level. It contains 19,000 people. It covers a terrain of 48 km². The annual festival is May 1-May 5. Friars Juan de Torres, Pedro de Angulo and Luis de Cancer, O.P. founded the settlement of "Santa Cruz de Santa Elena", in the region of the Munchú territory, and therefore, the town was originally known as "Santa Cruz Munchú". The town was established on 3 May 1543, according to the minutes from 1 May 1546 taken in Ciudad Real de San Juan Chamelco by Juan Matalbatz, governor of the region at the time. The catholic church was built in the 16th century and therefore it has a high historical value; like the one in Rabinal in Baja Verapaz Department, it was one of the very first catholic temples built in the region during the Capitulaciones de Tezulutlán. The prestiberium design was magnificent, but it has been damaged over the centuries by the constant seismic events that affect the Guatemalan territory. By an executive order of the Secretary of Education, the church was named as National Historic place on 12 July 1970. Santa Cruz Verapaz has an urban and a rural area. Santa Cruz Verapaz has temperate climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). </doc> <doc id="2345597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345597" title="The Great Waldo Search (video game)"> The Great Waldo Search (video game) The Great Waldo Search is a video game released in 1992. It is based on , which was originally released under the same name in North America. The pictures are slightly animated images of Waldo scenes, the player has to scroll along the long picture to survey the scape while searching for Waldo and other objects. The directional buttons control a magnifying glass and is used in order to "find" objects. Waldo's dog Woof is also in each level and by finding him the player gets to play a small bonus game to collect points while controlling Woof on a flying carpet. Almost two decades later, in 2009, a remake of the game was developed by Ludia and published by Ubisoft on iOS, Microsoft Windows, and seventh-generation Nintendo systems, the Wii and the Nintendo DS, under the title "Where's Waldo? The Fantastic Journey". The remake especially takes advantage of superior pointer-based motion controls to easily locate search targets and supports versus multiplayer. </doc> <doc id="2345599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345599" title="Tamahú"> Tamahú Tamahú is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. Tamahú was established on 7 December 1574 by friars Francisco de Viana, Lucas Gallego and Fray Guillermo. One of the most powerful German families that settled in the region by the end of the 19th century was the Thomae family, who had their headquarters in neighbor Purulhá. Mauricio Thomae's early farmland were the following haciendas: Years later, during general Jorge Ubico's presidency (1931-1944), Thomae went on to become one of the most influential landlords in the German Verapaz, along with the Sarg, Sapper and Diesseldorf families. Ubico had been governor of Cobán during Manuel Estrada Cabrera 22-year regime and befriended several German families, including the Thomaes. Tamahú has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen: "Af"). Tamahú is practically surrounded by Alta Verapaz Department municipalities: </doc> <doc id="2345600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345600" title="Tactic, Guatemala"> Tactic, Guatemala Tactic () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. It is situated at 1,465 m above sea level. It has a population of 27,555, and covers a terrain of 85 km². The languages spoken in Tactic are predominantly Spanish, Poqomchi', and Q'eqchi'. Before Columbus, there were only ceremonial centers in the area; these centers were located in Chiáchan, Guaxpac, Janté, Chiji, Cuyquel, Patal, Pansalché and Chiacal. And there also was a ceremonial hill in Chi-ixim, where the caciques, priest and other leaders gathered to celebrate every new moon; Chicán was the second ceremonial center in importance. Between 1530 and 1531, captain Alonso de Ávila on his way to Ciudad Real accidentally discovered the lagoon and hill of "Lacam-Tún". People of that place had historically traded with all the people that the Spaniards had conquered and knowing what was coming, seek refuge in the jungle. The Spaniards tried in vain to conquer the lacandones: from Nueva España Juan Enríquez de Guzman tried; from the Yucatán Peninsula tried Francisco de Montejo; Pedro de Alvarado attempted it from Guatemala along with captain Francisco Gil Zapata and, finally, Pedro Solórzano from Chiapas. That is when the Order of Preachers tried to convert the Tezulutlán "War Zone" into a peaceful region. In the meantime, after a series of setbacks in La Española, the island Audiencia allowed Bartolomé de las Casas to accept Friar Tomás de Berlanga invitation to go to Nueva Granada in 1534, where he had just been appoint as Bishop. Both sailed toward Panamá, to then continue to the city of Lima, but during the trip a storm tossed their ship to Nicaragua, where Las Casas chose to remain in the Granada convent. in 1535, he proposed to the King and the Indias Council to start a peaceful colonization of the unexplored rural zones in the Guatemala region; however, in spite of Bernal Díaz de Luco and Mercado de Peñaloza intentions to help him, his suggestion was rejected. In 1536 Nicaragua governor, Rodrigo de Contreras, organized a military expedition, but Las Casas was able to postpone it by a couple of years after he notified queen Isabel de Portugal, wife of Carlos V. Given the authorities hostilities, Las Casas left Nicaragua y went to Guatemala. On November 1536, Las Casas settled in Santiago de Guatemala, then the capital of Guatemala; a few months later, his friend bishop Juan Garcés, invited him to move to Tlascala, but after a few weeks he came back to Guatemala. On May 2, 1537 governor Alfonso de Maldonado granted him the Tezulutlán Capitulations - a written commitment ratified on July 6, 1539 by Antonio de Mendoza, México Viceroy- in which everybody agreed that Tezulutlán natives, once conquered, would not be given as encomienda but would be King's subjects. Las Casas, along with friars Rodrigo de Landa, Pedro Angulo and Luis de Cancer, looked for four Christian nataives and taught them Christian hymns where the Gospel basic principles were explained. Luis de Cancer visited the cacique of Sacapulas and was able to perform the first baptisms among his people. Later, Las Casas lead a retinue to bring girts to the cacique, who was so impressed, that decided to convert and become his people preacher. The cacique was baptized with the name of «Don Juan» and the natives granted permission to build a small church; however, Cobán, another cacique, burned the church. «Don Juan», along sixty men, Las Casas and Pedro Angulo, went to talk to Cobán's people and convinced them of their good intentions; «Don Juan» even took the initiative to marry one of his daughters with cacique Cobán by the Catholic Church. In 1539 pope Paul III had authorized the diocese of Ciudad Real; Ciudad Real diocesis included Chiapas, Soconusco, la Vera Paz (including the Lacandon jungle), Tabasco and the still non-conquered Yucatán Peninsula. That year, Alonso de Maldonado -under pressure by Spanish settlers- began a military campaign in Tezulutlán y gave all the natives in encomiendas. This flagrant violation to the Capitulations enraged Las Casas who traveled to Spain to denounce it before the king Charles V. On January 9, 1540 a royal document was issued in which the Tezulutlán Capitulations ere ratified and gave the region to the protection of the Order of Preachers. On October 17 of that year, Cardinal García de Loaysa -then president of the Indias Council- ordered the México Audiencia to comply with these laws. The Capitulations were officially published on January 21, 1541 in the church of Sevilla. Las Casas was appointed bishop of Chiapas in 1544, but he tried to apply the new lays in his diocese, these were flatly rejected by the encomenderos. In 1545, Guatemala bishop Francisco Marroquín visited Tezulutlán y met with the preachers. Back in the city of Gracias a Dios, where the Audiencia de los Confines had its main office- met with Las Casas and with Nicaragua bishop Antonio de Valdivieso. There was a lot of tension between Marroquín and Las Casas in this meeting: Las Casas accused Marroquín of having slave Indians and to have a repartimiento along with preaching "toxic doctrine"; Marroquín on the other hand, accused Las Casas of going beyond his jurisdiction. The conflict moved on to Ciudad de México and finally everybody agreed to favor the freedom of the natives; however, this could not be accomplished for the Lacandon Jungle would not be conquered for another two century, becoming the rebel maya people favorite hideout. Las Casas and Angulo founded Rabinal, and the city of Cobán was the center of the new Catholic doctrine. A few years later, the natives started settling following the Spanish model and several towns were settled, like Tactic. The name "War zone" was change for "Vera Paz" (true peace), name that became official in 1547. On July 2, 1545 Tactic celebrated its first baptisms. On December 10, 1877 president Justo Rufino Barrios executive order moved Tactic from the Baja Verapaz department to Alta Verapaz; its first mayor was Miguel Peláez in 1900. Ca. 1890, British archeologist Alfred Percival Maudslay came to Guatemala, and traveled the Verapaz; he described Tactic as follows: «Towards evening we reached the ugly little wind-swept hamlet of Tactic, the usual resting-place for travelers between Cobán and the port of Panzós. Travelers must often fare badly, for one small inn, containing a single bedroom, was all the accommodation the village appeared to afford ; and but for Mr. Thomae's forethought in telegraphing to secure this room for us, we might have had to share the verandah for the night with native travellers, arrieros, and dogs, and probably have gone supperless to bed. At Tactic we left the cart-road leading to Panzos, which, after surmounting the divide, strikes the source of the Rio Polochic, and follows its banks to the eastward." Around the time that Maudslay was visiting Verapaz, a German colony had settled in the area thanks to generous concessions granted by liberal presidents Manuel Lisandro Barillas Bercián, José María Reyna Barrios and Manuel Estrada Cabrera. The Germans had a very united and solid community and had several activities in the German Club (Deutsche Verein), in Cobán, which they had founded in 1888. Their main commercial activity was coffee plantations. German influence remained in Verapaz even after the German settlers were expelled and their possessions confiscated by the government after Germany defeat in both World War I and World War II. Import tourist sites are: Tactic has temperate climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). </doc> <doc id="2345601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345601" title="Tucurú"> Tucurú Tucurú is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Alta Verapaz. The Verapaz Railroad began on 15 January 1894 with a contract for 99 years between Guatemala, then ruled by president José María Reina Barrios and Walter Dauch, representative of the "Verapaz Railroad & Northern Agency Ltd." The contract settled the rules for the construction and maintenance of a 30 mile railroad line between Panzós and Pancajché. Passenger service travelled twice a week, on Mondays and Thursdays; mail also arrived by ship every Wednesday and cargo came from Livingston, Izabal. Besides, there were train stops in Santa Rosita, Santa Catalina La Tinta, and Papalhá. In 1898, it was reported that given the coffee prosperity in Cobán, which in those days was the third largest city in Guatemala, the railroad was going to be extended to that city. The railroad was in operation until 1965, when it was superseded by truck and highways. One of the most powerful German families that settled in the region by the end of the 19th century was the Thomae family, who had their headquarters in neighbor Purulhá. Mauricio Thomae's early farmland had the following haciendas: Years later, during general Jorge Ubico's presidency (1931-1944), Thomae went on to become one of the most influential landlords in the German Verapaz, along with the Sarg, Sapper and Diesseldorf families. Ubico had been governor of Cobán during Manuel Estrada Cabrera 22-year regime and befriended several German families, including the Thomaes. Tucurú has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen: "Af"). </doc> <doc id="2345603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345603" title="Logie Awards of 1970"> Logie Awards of 1970 The 12th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 20 March 1970 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. Miss World 1968 winner Penny Plumber, British television actor Peter Wyngarde and American actors Peter Graves and Robert Young appeared as guests. Peggy Lipton, star of the US series "The Mod Squad", was also originally scheduled to appear but cancelled at the last minute due to a severe middle-ear infection. This article lists the winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1970: Awards presented by Robert Young </doc> <doc id="2345606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345606" title="The Lawrence School, Sanawar"> The Lawrence School, Sanawar The Lawrence School, Sanawar, is a private boarding school in Himachal Pradesh, established in 1847, whose history, influence, and wealth have made it one of the most prestigious schools in Asia. It is located in the Kasauli Hills, District of Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India. Sanawar is about an hour's drive from Chandigarh and six hours from New Delhi. The school was founded by Sir Henry Lawrence and his wife Honoria, is one of the oldest surviving boarding schools. As the school is located in Sanawar, the school is popularly called "Sanawar". It is situated at a height of 1,750 metres and spread over an area of 139 acres, heavily forested with pine, deodar and other conifer trees. The school has been ranked among the best residential schools of India. In May 2013 Sanawar created history by becoming the first school in the world to send a team of seven students to climb Mount Everest. The motto of the school is "Never Give In". Sanawar is affiliated to India's Central Board of Secondary Education. Children are admitted to Sanawar in February each year, at the age of nine and ten years. Class Five (Lower III) is preferred as the entry point. Admission is based on a competitive entrance examination, held the preceding November, followed by an interview. In the school's name, "Sanawar" is the name of the hill on which it stands. The nearest railway station is now usually spelt "Sonwara". Sanawar is believed to be the oldest mixed-sex boarding school anywhere in the world. The school was established by Henry Lawrence. His intent was to provide for the education of the orphans of British soldiers and other poor white children. In 1845 he outlined the creation of a boarding school in the Indian highlands for boys and girls. He stated his aim as being to create The school at Sanawar was established as the first such asylum on 15 April 1847, when fourteen girls and boys arrived at Sanawar in the charge of Lawrence's sister-in-law Mrs George Lawrence and a superintendent Healey. The school was co-educational from its beginning. The site had been chosen by Lawrence, after discussions with William Hodson and others, considering that it was an "ideal location" which "afforded the necessary requisites: isolation, ample space, water, a good altitude, and all not too far from British troops". The construction of the buildings was paid for by Lawrence and other British officers, with a large contribution from Gulab Singh, the first Maharaja of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir. Hodson, who later became famous for Hodson's Horse, supervised the construction of the school's first buildings and is still commemorated by the annual Hodson's Run, a competition between the school's houses. In the early days some Anglo-Indian children were admitted, but Lawrence insisted that preference should be given to those of "pure European" parentage, as he considered they were more likely to suffer from the heat of the plains. Under its first professional headmaster, the Rev. W. J. Parker, who was appointed in 1848, the school was known as "Lawrence's Asylum", reflecting its focus on orphans. In 1858 it was renamed the "Lawrence Royal Military School". By 1853, the school had grown to 195 pupils when it was presented with the King's Colour, one of only seven schools and colleges ever to be so honoured in the British Empire, the others being Eton, Shrewsbury, Cheltenham, the Duke of York's Royal Military School the Royal Military College, Sandhurst and the Lawrence Memorial Royal Military School, Lovedale . Sanawar has held its Colour for the longest unbroken period. The tradition of military training at Sanawar has always been strong and was of such a high standard that several contingents of boys were enlisted from the school and sent straight to the battlefields of the First World War. In appreciation of this, the school was redesignated in 1920 as the "Lawrence Royal Military School" and, in 1922, the Prince of Wales presented the school with new Colours. This pattern of military service was repeated again during the Second World War and, according to a BBC Radio broadcast on 3 October 1941, more than two hundred Sanawarians had joined up. The school Colour continues to this day to be trooped at the Founders' Celebration in early October, and Sanawar pupils continue to make a major contribution to the defence of the country. In its first two decades, the school suffered an unexpectedly high death rate, with forty children dying between 1848 and 1858, of whom thirteen were the victims of an outbreak of cholera in 1857. In the next ten years, there were seventy-two further deaths, and in 1870 a Punjab Medical Department report proposed measures to improve the school's sanitation, as well as "a separate hospital for the treatment of contagious diseases". The headmaster, the Rev. John Cole, was inspired to write a book called "Notes on Hygiene with Hints on Self-discipline for Young Soldiers in India" (1882). Sanawar's centenary year (1947) was crucial to the development of the school. With Indian independence, the bulk of the staff and children at Sanawar returned to Britain. However, the then-Governor General, Lord Louis Mountbatten, presided at the centenary celebrations and read out a message from King George VI. Thereafter, control of the school passed from the Crown to the government of India's Ministry of Defence. A further transfer in 1949 brought the school under the control of the Ministry of Education. In June 1952 the Ministry resolved to administer the school through a society created under the Societies Registration Act 1860, subject to a Memorandum of Association and rules and regulations to be approved by the government. These provided that the government Secretaries in the Ministries of Education, Defence, and Finance would serve as ex-officio members of the society, with four other members appointed by the government. The employees of the school, previously government servants, lost that status. The property and other assets of the school, which then had an estimated value of twenty-five lakhs of rupees, were transferred to the society with effect from June 1954. The school celebrated its 150th anniversary in 1997, and India marked the occasion with a two-rupee commemorative postage stamp issued in October 1997 and inscribed "1847-1997 ". In 2003, "The Tribune" described it as one of about half a dozen elite public schools in India, catering for "an upwardly mobile landed and commercial elite". It is an international member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference, based in England. Together with some other leading Indian schools, including the Doon School, Baldwin Boys High School, Mayo College, Daly College, Rajkumar College and the Dhirubhai Ambani International School, Sanawar is a member of the Round Square Conference, a worldwide association of some eighty schools which exchange students with each other. Other member schools include Aiglon College in Switzerland, Ballarat Grammar School in Australia, Deerfield Academy and Chadwick School in the United States, Wellington in England, and Gordonstoun in Scotland. The school honours its original purpose by continuing to offer a reduction in fees for the children of military families. About a quarter of the boarders are the sons and daughters of former pupils. Till recently, as part of its annual Founder's Day celebrations, attended by many Old Sanawarians, the school continued to troop the Royal colours. Until 1990, a significant number of school-leavers continued to join the armed forces but there has been a sharp decline in this tradition, and in 2011 one Old Sanawarian brigadier was quoted in "The Times of India" as saying that in his day "the main aim was to join the forces, but now hardly anyone is interested in doing so". Sanawar is divided into four houses—Himalaya, Nilagiri, Siwalik and Vindhya. The houses compete with each other at activities such as cricket, cross country running, debating and many other activities. A group of Sanawarians have entered the record books as they are the youngest team and the first school in the world to have conquered Mt. Everest. These teenagers ranged between the ages of 15 and 16. One of the climbers is the youngest Asian and the second-youngest person in the world to scale Mt. Everest. Sanawar's former pupils are known as "Old Sanawarians", "OS" for short Sukhmani Tiwana IPS officer In Rudyard Kipling's novel "Kim" (1901), a priest called Father Victor proposes that the central character, the boy Kim, should be sent to Sanawar, of which he says "It's miraculous beyond all whooping" and adds "We'll make a man of you at Sanawar - even at the price o' making you a Protestant". </doc> <doc id="2345608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345608" title="Logie Awards of 1971"> Logie Awards of 1971 The 13th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 26 March 1971 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. American television actors Michael Cole, Peter Haskell, Bob Crane and Karen Jensen appeared as guests. This article lists the winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1970: </doc> <doc id="2345612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345612" title="Logie Awards of 1972"> Logie Awards of 1972 The 14th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 18 February 1972 at the Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne. The awards were broadcast live on the Nine Network in Sydney, Brisbane and Adelaide and broadcast later elsewhere. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. The awards featured appearances by Rock Hudson and Roger Moore. Juliet Mills, Kenneth Connor and Robert Reed were also present. The Gold Logie was won by Gerard Kennedy for his lead role on "Division 4" and he also won best actor with Pat Smith winning the best actress award for her role in the same series. "Division 4" also won best Australian drama. This article lists the winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1971: Presented by Rock Hudson </doc> <doc id="2345615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345615" title="Logie Awards of 1973"> Logie Awards of 1973 The 15th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 16 February 1973 at the Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton was the Master of Ceremonies. American film star Glenn Ford and television actors Michael Cole, Gail Fisher and Loretta Swit were in attendance as guest presenters. The programme is remembered for a drunken, incoherent acceptance speech from Cole which concluded with a swear word. Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1973: Presented by Glenn Ford and Loretta Swit After accepting the award for Best American Show for "The Mod Squad", "Michael Cole" said 'Oh Sh*t!' </doc> <doc id="2345617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345617" title="Logie Awards of 1974"> Logie Awards of 1974 The 14th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday, 8 March 1974 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton was the Master of Ceremonies. Italian film star Gina Lollobrigida and American television actors Tige Andrews, David Cassidy and Macdonald Carey appeared as guests. Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1974: Awards presented by Gina Lollobrigida Outstanding Contribution To TV Journalism Outstanding Single Acting Performance Outstanding Contribution To TV Comedy Writing </doc> <doc id="2345621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345621" title="Bachelor Party (video game)"> Bachelor Party (video game) Bachelor Party is an adult-themed video game for the Atari 2600 developed by Mystique. The game is a simplified version of "Breakout" where the "ball" is made to look like a nude man and the "bricks" are made to look like nude women and the man bounces back and forth horizontally rather than vertically. On the left, he is repelled by a woman with whom he collides and subsequently eliminates from play, or by the opposing wall. On the right, a paddle (said to be a container of aphrodisiac "Spanish Fly" in the manual) returns the depleted bachelor to the room full of women. The paddle is controlled by the player using a paddle controller. The premise is that of an unnamed bachelor having his final fling with a room full of inexplicably nude women. The equally unclothed bachelor is propelled repeatedly into the room of women by a container of "Spanish Fly" used as the player's paddle. When entering the fray, the bachelor's exaggerated and pixelated penis is seen to be erect. When he returns from having collided with (and presumably had sexual intercourse with) a woman or after hitting the opposing wall, his penis sags. It returns to erect when the bachelor is successfully set moving again toward the left. A second version of the game, titled Bachelorette Party, also exists. It has no difference in gameplay, but has the game sprites reversed: The player now uses his or her paddle to bounce a naked woman toward naked men. </doc> <doc id="2345622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345622" title="Logie Awards of 1975"> Logie Awards of 1975 The 17th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 7 March 1975 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. It was the first time the Awards were telecast in Colour. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. American film star John Wayne and television actors Lee Majors and William Conrad, British actor Edward Woodward and his wife Michele Dotrice, and Australian-born British television stars Keith Michell and Diane Cilento appeared as guests. Each of the guest presenters were given special souvenir Logies. Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1975: Awards presented by John Wayne </doc> <doc id="2345625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345625" title="Logie Awards of 1976"> Logie Awards of 1976 The 11th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 12 March 1976 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. American film star Lee Marvin, television actors Henry Winkler, Martin Milner and Arte Johnson, and British actors Gordon Jackson and Susannah York appeared as guests. winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1976: Awards presented by Lee Marvin </doc> <doc id="2345626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345626" title="Logie Awards of 1977"> Logie Awards of 1977 The 19th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 25 March 1977 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. American film star Burt Lancaster and television actors Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Susan Seaforth and Bill Hayes, British actors Robin Nedwell and Geoffrey Davies, and Australian actor Jack Thompson appeared as guests. Kate Jackson, star of Charlie’s Angels, was scheduled to appear but cancelled at the last minute to start filming on the television movie "James at 15". Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1977: Presented by Burt Lancaster Presented by Burt Lancaster </doc> <doc id="2345627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345627" title="At the Speed of Life"> At the Speed of Life At the Speed of Life is rapper Xzibit's debut album, released on October 15, 1996. The single "Paparazzi" was featured on the "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 3" video game soundtrack. An instrumental version of the same song was also featured during the final scene of "The Sopranos" sixth episode "Pax Soprana." </doc> <doc id="2345629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345629" title="Logie Awards of 1978"> Logie Awards of 1978 The 20th Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 3 March 1978 at Southern Cross Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton from the Nine Network was the Master of Ceremonies. American singer Sammy Davis, Jr., television actors Mike Farrell, Florence Henderson, Richard Anderson and Patty Weaver, and British television host David Frost appeared as guests. Bob Hope also made a brief introduction via cable from Sydney. Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1978: Presented by Sammy Davis, Jr. </doc> <doc id="2345633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345633" title="Logie Awards of 1979"> Logie Awards of 1979 The 21st Annual "TV Week" Logie Awards were presented on Friday 16 March 1979 at Hilton Hotel in Melbourne and broadcast on the Nine Network. Bert Newton was the Master of Ceremonies. American boxer Muhammad Ali, film stars Henry Silva and Cicely Tyson, television actors Robin Williams, Susan Seaforth, Bill Hayes and Lauren Tewes, British actor David Hemmings and television actors Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy appeared as guests. Winners of Logie Awards (Australian television) for 1979: Presented by Muhammad Ali Before he won the Gold Logie, Bert Newton said to Muhammad Ali, 'I Like The Boy' </doc> <doc id="2345637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345637" title="Logie Awards of 1980"> Logie Awards of 1980 The 22nd Annual TV Week Logie Awards was held on Friday 14 March 1980 at the Hilton Hotel in Melbourne, and broadcast on the Nine Network. The ceremony was hosted by Bert Newton. Guests included Cilla Black, Michael York, Paul Michael Glaser, Greg Evigan, Lee Meriwether, Nicola Pagett, Linda Gray and John Inman, as well as "Sesame Street"s Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch. </doc> <doc id="2345639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345639" title="John Clements Wickham"> John Clements Wickham John Clements Wickham (21 November 17986 January 1864) was a Scottish explorer, naval officer, magistrate and administrator. He was first officer on during its second survey mission, 1831–1836, under captain Robert FitzRoy. The young naturalist and geologist Charles Darwin was a supernumerary on the ship, and his journal was published as "The Voyage of the Beagle". After that expedition, Wickham was promoted to Commander and made captain of the "Beagle" on its third voyage, from 1837 and conducted various maritime expeditions and hydrographic surveys along the Australian coastline. In 1843, after his retirement from the Royal Navy, Wickham was made Police Magistrate and, later, Government Resident of the Moreton Bay District, in the Colony of New South Wales (NSW). Wickham retired in 1859, when the Moreton Bay District was separated from NSW, forming basis of the Colony of Queensland. When the Queensland and NSW governments disagreed over which was responsible for his pension, Wickham moved to France, where he died. The origins of the Wickham family were Rowley, a Yorkshire village which later became depopulated. In 1638, two brothers, Richard and Thomas Wickham, were among the families to emigrate to America with Rev. Ezekiel Rogers after he was suspended as Rector of the parish church in 1638 for his non-conformist beliefs. Thomas married Sarah and their fifth son, Samuel Wickham, was born in 1664; he later settled in Rhode Island and became a Freeman of that Colony and a Deputy. Samuel Wickham married Barbara Holken in 1691 and their fifth son, Benjamin Wickham, was born 17 November 1701 at Rhode Island. Benjamin was chosen by the Rhode Island colonial Assembly in 1756 to be Lieutenant-Colonel of a Regiment raised for the second expedition against Crown Point. In 1757, a deputy for Newport he became Speaker of the House of Deputies. Benjamin married Mary, daughter of Colonel John Gardner in 1743 and Samuel Wickham, their sixth and youngest son, was born at Newport, Rhode Island in 1758. This Samuel rose to the rank of Lieutenant in the Royal Navy; while he was attached to the Portuguese Navy as an instructor he was given the rank of Captain-Lieutenant. He fought on the British side in the War of Independence after which he left America and settled in Scotland. On 16 June 1795 he married Ellen Susan Naylor at Gibraltar. John Clements Wickham was born to them on 21 November 1798 at Leith in Scotland. On 21 February 1812 John Clements Wickham joined the Royal Navy. By 1815 he was an Admiralty Midshipman and was posted to HMS "Nightingale" and in 1818 was posted to HMS "Hyperion" before being paid off. He passed his Lieutenant's examination in 1819. In 1825 he was appointed Second-Lieutenant on the British warship "Adventure" under the command of Phillip Parker King, son of Philip Gidley King, third Governor of New South Wales. The "Adventure" and the "Beagle" were ordered to survey the coasts of the southern part of South America, including Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego. Wickham transferred to the "Beagle" in 1831 as First Lieutenant, under Captain Robert Fitzroy and first officer Philip Parker King (1791–1856), to complete the survey of Patagonia and Tierra del Fuego, as part of a circumnavigation of the globe. Wickham and King were lifelong friends and brothers-in-law as they married sisters, the daughters of Hannibal Hawkins Macarthur. This would be the most famous voyage of the Beagle, with naturalist Charles Darwin, and artists Augustus Earle and (later) Conrad Martens also on board. After entering the Pacific Ocean, the Beagle surveyed the coasts of Chile and Peru, the Galápagos Islands, the Society Islands, the Navigator (Samoa) and Fiji island groups, New Zealand, Port Jackson (Sydney), Van Diemen's Land (Tasmania), King George's Sound, the Cocos (Keeling) Islands and Mauritius. It then returned, via Saint Helena, Ascension Island, Bahia and Pernambuco to England in 1836. On 10 January 1837, Wickham was promoted from Lieutenant to Captain and given command of the "Beagle", while Lt John Lort Stokes – a shipmate from the first two journeys of the "Beagle" – was made first officer. From 1837 to 1841, the "Beagle" charting the coasts of north western Australia and Arnhem Land. In 1839, Stokes sighted a natural harbour which Wickham named Port Darwin after their former shipmate. In 1841, Wickham fell ill and resigned his command which was taken over by Stokes, who continued the survey and completed the voyage in 1843. Darwin also took a Galápagos tortoise named Harriet which he gave to Wickham, who brought it to Brisbane. The tortoise gained fame for her longevity, living 175 years until 2006. Wickham became the police magistrate at the Moreton Bay District of New South Wales (now Queensland). From 1853 he was Government Resident of the Moreton Bay District and resided at Newstead House, Brisbane. In 1859, Wickham moved to the south of France, where he lived until his death in 1864. Two defunct electorates in Australian state parliaments, namely An Australian plant: </doc> <doc id="2345644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345644" title="Eric Burns"> Eric Burns Eric Burns is an American author, playwright, media critic, and former broadcast journalist. Burns was born (on 29 Aug 1945) and raised in Ambridge, Pennsylvania, a small steel town approximately 15 miles northwest of Pittsburgh on the Ohio River. He is a graduate of Ambridge Area High School and of Westminster College in Pennsylvania. Burns began his television career at WQED, the PBS station in Pittsburgh, hosting a cultural affairs program in the studio adjacent to the studio in which "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" was produced. Burns and Rogers went on to develop a close friendship, with the latter becoming a kind of mentor to the former. When Rogers died, the obituary that Burns broadcast stated that "no one has ever put television to nobler, more societally beneficial use than Fred Rogers." After Pittsburgh, Burns went on to make stops in Parkersburg, West Virginia, where he was an anchorman and news director; and Minneapolis, where he was a reporter and anchorman. His work in Minneapolis caught the attention of NBC News executives in New York, and after a year and a half at station KMSP, Burns was hired as a national correspondent for NBC in 1976. Assigned first to the network's Chicago bureau, he was then moved to New York, with occasional overseas postings in Europe and northern Africa. He appeared regularly on "NBC Nightly News" and on "The Today Show". In 1984, the "Washington Journalism Review" (now the "American Journalism Review") named Burns one of the top writers in the history of broadcast journalism. Other broadcasters on the list include Edward R. Murrow, Walter Cronkite, and Charles Kuralt. Burns was fired in 2008 after 10 years of hosting "Fox News Watch" on the Fox News Channel. "The New York Times" said Burns acted as "the ringmaster for a relatively even-handed roundtable discussion about the media." "Vanity Fair" magazine once called "Fox News Watch" one of only two programs on the network worth watching. On March 9, 2015, Eric, as a former "Fox News Watch" host, told CNN's Brian Stelter, “I’m saying that the people who watch "Fox News" are cult-ish," and that because of "their audience loyalty, ... O’Reilly, as the head of the cult, is not held to the same standards as Brian Williams.” Burns is an author who has written nine books, two of which won the highest award given by the American Library Association for volumes published by a university press. Named as the "Best of the Best" were "The Spirits of America: A Social History of Alcohol", and its companion-piece, "The Smoke of the Gods: A Social History of Tobacco." Burns is the only non-academic ever to have won the award twice. Those two books, and his biggest-seller, "Infamous Scribblers: The Founding Fathers and the Rowdy Beginnings of American Journalism", which was a selection of both the Book of the Month Club and the History Book Club, are among five of Burns's book to have been "adopted" by various college curricula for courses in journalism, American history, and American Studies. "Infamous Scribblers" is considered the definitive work on journalism during the colonial era. More recently, Burns published "1920": The Year That Made the Decade Roar." It was named by Kirkus one of the best non-fiction books of 2015. Burns has also written for a number of magazines, including "Reader's Digest", "The Weekly Standard", "Family Circle", "Spy", and the pre-Rupert Murdoch version of "TV Guide." In addition, he has written for the "Los Angeles Times", "New York Post", and "The Huffington Post", among other print outlets. Burns is also a playwright. His first play, "Mid-Strut", won the Eudora Welty Emerging Playwrights Award in 2010. The play's world premiere was February 2012 at the Pittsburgh Playhouse. </doc> <doc id="2345645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345645" title="Logie Awards of 1981"> Logie Awards of 1981 The 23rd Annual TV Week Logie Awards was held on Friday 10 April 1981 at the Centrepoint Convention Centre in Sydney, and broadcast on Network Ten. The ceremony was hosted by Michael Parkinson. Guests included Patrick Duffy, Gil Gerard, Lesley-Anne Down, Sam J. Jones, Adam Rich, Van Johnson and Lindsay Wagner. </doc> <doc id="2345650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345650" title="Logie Awards of 1982"> Logie Awards of 1982 The 24th Annual TV Week Logie Awards was held on Friday 12 March 1982 at the Hilton Hotel in Melbourne, and broadcast on the Nine Network. The ceremony was hosted by Bert Newton. Guests included Cindy Williams, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Urich, Lou Ferrigno, Britt Ekland, Rod Taylor and Genie Francis. Olivia Newton-John also appeared as a guest performer. </doc> <doc id="2345652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345652" title="The City of the Dead (film)"> The City of the Dead (film) The City of the Dead (U.S. title: Horror Hotel) is a 1960 horror film directed by John Llewellyn Moxey and starring Christopher Lee, Venetia Stevenson, Betta St. John, Patricia Jessel and Valentine Dyall. Produced in the United Kingdom but set in America, the British actors were required to speak with North American accents throughout. In 1692, in the fictional Massachusetts town of Whitewood, a witch named Elizabeth Selwyn was burned at the stake. However, before her death, she managed to make a deal with the devil: he gave her eternal life in exchange for a promise eternally to create only evil. This opening story is in reality a dramatization of the lecture on witchcraft Professor Alan Driscoll is giving to his history students at university. One of his students, Nan Barlow, is particularly interested in this subject, so the professor advises her to visit Whitewood, where she can find many interesting things on the topic. Nan goes there on vacation. Having settled in The Raven's Inn, a hotel owned by eccentric Mrs. Newless, Nan begins to study the history of the town. She gets acquainted with the only normal-seeming local resident, Patricia, and upon borrowing a book on witchcraft from her, soon learns that the very night she is there--February 1st--is also Candlemas Eve--the day when the witches sacrifice a young girl. Nan is eventually lured down to the basement of the hotel, which is actually a satanic shrine, and gets captured by Mrs. Newless and members of her coven. Newless says that she is actually the immortal Elizabeth Selwyn. To sustain her immortality, virgins must be sacrificed to the witch every year—and this year, the student is the chosen victim. Two weeks later, having not heard from Nan, her brother Richard is persuaded to check up on her by her fiance Bill, and discovers that not only does Whitewood not exist in any phone directory, but when the police are summoned to join the search that Nan abruptly left The Raven's Inn without informing anyone. After Patricia herself travels to Nan's school to meet Professor Driscoll, inquiring where she could find Nan's family, she visits Richard and Bill and shares her concerns with them. Richard then travels to Whitewood himself, encountering the formidable Mrs. Newless and reconnecting with Patricia. Bill must overcome witches' machinations when he takes off after Richard, crashes his car on the way, and the mystery deepens when Nan appears to have vanished without a trace. Richard meets the Reverend Russell, Patricia's grandfather, who tells him about the demonic cult ruling over the town. Soon, Patricia is kidnapped, and Richard finds her in the same basement where Nan died. The girl is ready to be sacrificed. To his great surprise, Richard learns that the leader of the satanic sect is Mrs. Newless/Elizabeth Selwyn and that Professor Driscoll is himself a centuries-old member of the coven, who deliberately sent Nan to her death. Richard is also captured and is soon to be killed. At the last minute, the greatly-injured Bill gets involved and, with the help of the cross, burns the witches, although he himself is killed with a knife in the back. Newless escapes, but she is dying as the time of sacrifice is missed. Later, Richard and Patricia find her burnt body in the hotel. The script was originally written by George Baxt as a pilot for a TV series starring Boris Karloff. The producer Milton Subotsky rewrote it to be longer, including a romantic subplot about the boyfriend who goes looking for Nan after she goes missing. Finance was obtained from TV producer Hannah Weinstein along with money from the Nottingham Forest Football Club. Production began on 12 October 1959 at Shepperton Studios with a budget of £45,000. Milton Subotsky was credited as the film's executive producer. The film was produced by Vulcan Productions, although because it was made by Subotsky and producing partner Max Rosenberg it has been considered the first of their Amicus Productions. In the American version, a few minutes of dialogue were removed, including these lines near the beginning, which fit in with and clarify the plot of the movie: "The City of the Dead" was released in September 1960 in the United Kingdom. It was a box office disappointment, although it did make a small profit. It was not released in the US until 1961 under the title "Horror Hotel". Heavy metal band Iron Maiden use scenes from this film in the music video for their song "Bring Your Daughter... to the Slaughter". King Diamond also uses clips in his "Sleepless Nights" video as do punk band UFX in the video to "Bitch", while Rob Zombie used Christopher Lee's opening words to similarly preface his track "Dragula" from "Hellbilly Deluxe". In addition, the punk band Misfits wrote a song called "Horror Hotel" (the American release title). Most recently in the summer of 2017, metal rock band In This Moment also uses the opening lines by Christopher Lee in their song "The Witching Hour" from their new album "Ritual". </doc> <doc id="2345657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345657" title="Logie Awards of 1983"> Logie Awards of 1983 The 25th Annual TV Week Logie Awards was held on Friday 22 April 1983 at the Wentworth Regent Hotel in Melbourne, and broadcast on Network Ten. The ceremony was hosted by Michael Willesee. Guests included Dennis Waterman, Pamela Stephenson, Gregory Harrison, David Ogden Stiers, Jack Klugman, Mike Farrell, Erin Gray, Chuck Norris, Peter Davison, Priscilla Presley, Gordon Jackson, Shelley Fabares, Kate Jackson, Stephen Collins and Graham Kennedy. </doc> <doc id="2345661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345661" title="Logie Awards of 1984"> Logie Awards of 1984 The 26th Annual TV Week Logie Awards was held on Friday 6 April 1984 at the Hilton Hotel in Melbourne, and broadcast on the Nine Network. The ceremony was hosted by Bert Newton. Guests included Christopher Atkins, Heather Thomas, Tony Randall, Dwight Schultz, Douglas Barr, Gerald McRaney, Rich Little, Bob Hawke, Dame Edna Everage, Pamela Stephenson and John Bertrand. After years in the Australian television industry, Hector Crawford became the first inductee into the TV Week Logies Hall of Fame. </doc> <doc id="2345662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345662" title="Cabañas, Zacapa"> Cabañas, Zacapa Cabañas is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. It is a small town of about 10,000, and income is mostly from farming. The 2008 Aéreo Ruta Maya crash of a Cessna 208 close to Cabañas killed 11 passengers and crew. </doc> <doc id="2345663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345663" title="Estanzuela"> Estanzuela Estanzuela () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. It is a small town. Estanzuela was a passing place for Spaniards looking to go farther west to the ocean. A group of these Spaniards decided to rest for a while, and thought Estanzuela to be the perfect location. As they went through the surroundings they saw that it was good land to harvest, so they decided to stay. At first it was called "La Estancia". It is said that its second name was "La Estanzuelita," a Spanish diminutive of Estancia, which is translated to a resting place. Later, the name developed to today name Estanzuela. Estanzuela's weather is warm, and mostly dry. People are friendly. Most individuals work in agriculture, while others devote themselves to making "Artesanias" or in English, old-styled clothing, and arts. A popular local craft is hand-embroidered cloth and clothing, using a style that ties fabric threads into decorative designs. Estanzuela is also home to a modest museum of archeology. With a population of 11,140 and an area covering 92.4 km², Estanzuela has a density of 120.56 people per square kilometer. </doc> <doc id="2345666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345666" title="La Unión, Zacapa"> La Unión, Zacapa La Unión is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. </doc> <doc id="2345667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345667" title="Huité"> Huité Huité () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. </doc> <doc id="2345668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345668" title="San Diego, Zacapa"> San Diego, Zacapa San Diego is a municipality in the Zacapa Department in Guatemala. </doc> <doc id="2345669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345669" title="Río Hondo, Zacapa"> Río Hondo, Zacapa Río Hondo is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. Rio Hondo, Which means "Deep River" in the English language, is known for its crystal clear river. Rio Hondo is mainly made up of farmlands; the likes of which include mango groves, lime groves, avocado groves, cattle, and tilapia farms. The pueblo of Llano Verde is home to Esperanza de Vida, a large Christian humanitarian organization. Under the direction of Carlos Vargas, the Esperanza de Vida campus includes a retirement home, a nutrition center, an orphanage, a private K-12 school (Liberty College), a missions house, and St. Luke's Hospital. These centers are open to the community. Calle 9 or Road 9 (Called "La Ruta" or "The Route" by the locals) is a major road that goes through Rio Hondo. It comes from Guatemala City and ends end Puerto Barrios. </doc> <doc id="2345672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345672" title="Usumatlán"> Usumatlán Usumatlán () is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. </doc> <doc id="2345673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345673" title="Zig and Zag"> Zig and Zag Zig and Zag may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2345674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345674" title="Gualán"> Gualán Gualán is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. It is located in the Eastern part of the country about 165 Kilometers from Guatemala City on route CA-9. As of 1850, Gualán had an estimated population of 2,000. Produces: Tomato, Sugar Cane, Fish, Coffee, and as with the whole of Zacapa department, has a considerable amount of Manufacturing Industry (although Dirty Industry is present as well), mainly Regional companies providing services and products targeted towards local customs. </doc> <doc id="2345677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345677" title="Teculután"> Teculután Teculután is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Zacapa. There is a Pollo Campero there and Pizza Burger Diner as well. Deportivo Teculután football club play in Guatemala's second division, but spent 3 seasons at the highest domestic football level between 2001-2004. They play their home games in the Estadio Julio Héctor Paz Castilla. </doc> <doc id="2345679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345679" title="Priacanthidae"> Priacanthidae The Priacanthidae, the bigeyes, are a family of 18 species of marine fishes. "Catalufa" is an alternate common name for some members of the Priacanthidae. The etymology of the scientific name ("prioo-", to bite + "akantha", thorn) refers to the family's very rough, spined scales. The common name of "bigeye" refers to the member species' unusually large eyes, suited to their carnivorous and nocturnal lifestyles. Priacanthidae are typically colored bright red, but some have patterns in silver, dusky brown, or black. Most species reach a maximum total length of about , although in a few species lengths of over are known. Most members of this family are native to tropical and subtropical parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans, but four species ("Cookeolus japonicus", "Heteropriacanthus cruentatus", "Priacanthus arenatus", and "Pristigenys alta") are found in the Atlantic. They tend to live near rock outcroppings or reefs, although a few are known to inhabit open waters. Many species are found in relatively deep waters, below depths reachable by normal scuba diving. Some species are fished for food. The earliest identified Priacanthidae fossils date to the middle Eocene epoch of the lower Tertiary period, or roughly 40 to 50 million years ago. The 18 species in four genera are: </doc> <doc id="2345685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345685" title="All I Really Want to Do (album)"> All I Really Want to Do (album) All I Really Want to Do is the debut solo studio album by American singer-actress Cher and was released on October 16, 1965, by Imperial Records. The album was produced for Cher by her then husband and singing partner, Sonny Bono, with contributions from arranger Harold Battiste. The album is by-and-large a collection of cover versions but does contain three songs written by Bono. Upon its release, the album was well received by critics and garnered positive reviews. At the same time that the duo Sonny & Cher were debuting on Atco Records, Sonny Bono arranged a solo deal for Cher on the Imperial label. After the success of Sonny & Cher's "I Got You Babe" single, Bono decided to promote his wife as a solo act, producing her first full-length album himself. The album was Cher's first solo project since the release of her two unsuccessful 1964 singles, "Ringo, I Love You" and "Dream Baby", released under the pseudonyms Bonnie Jo Mason and Cherilyn respectively. "All I Really Want to Do", like the debut album by Sonny & Cher, "Look at Us", contains many covers. The album includes recordings of contemporary, uptempo rock songs, but it also has a somewhat folky slant to it, in order to differentiate it from the musical style of Sonny & Cher's records. On the album, Cher covered three songs written and performed by Bob Dylan, "All I Really Want to Do", "Blowin' in the Wind", and "Don't Think Twice, It's All Right". The album contains the Bono-penned "Needles and Pins", which was a hit for the British band, The Searchers, in 1963. The album also included Ray Davies' "I Go to Sleep", which was later a hit in the UK for The Pretenders, and Cher's version of the traditional song, "See See Rider", arranged by Sonny Bono, Charles Greene, and Robert Stone. Other covers on the album are "She Thinks I Still Care", "The Bells of Rhymney", and "Come and Stay With Me". During the album recording sessions, Cher recorded a song written by Bono, titled "I'm Gonna Love You", which did not appear on the album but was issued as the B-side of the "All I Really Want to Do" single. The song was later included on the 1967 Sonny & Cher soundtrack album, "Good Times". "All I Really Want to Do" has received positive reviews from music critics, with Tim Sendra, of the Allmusic website, giving the album four stars. Sendra also noted that the album features Sonny Bono "using his Spector-derived production skills to create rich, chiming backgrounds for Cher to sing over", and described the record as "one of the stronger folk-pop records of the era." Sendra went on to note that "Cher isn't the most subtle singer, but she sounds young and full of life on these tracks, like she really believes in what she is singing (a feeling you don't always get on her more lightweight material)." In 1992, "All I Really Want to Do" and Cher's follow-up solo album, "The Sonny Side of Chér", were reissued on one CD by EMI Records. Later, in 1995, EMI released a collection titled "The Originals", which included "All I Really Want to Do", "The Sonny Side of Chér", and Cher's third solo album, "Cher". The album was again reissued on one CD with "The Sonny Side of Chér" by BGO Records in 2005 in the UK only. The original twelve track "All I Really Want to Do" album has never been issued on Compact Disc on its own. "All I Really Want to Do" was a success on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, peaking at #16. The album entered the chart while the debut album by Sonny & Cher, "Look at Us", was still at #2. The album also entered the UK Albums Chart, debuting at #20 in early October 1965 and peaking at #7 two weeks later. The album remained in the UK chart for nine weeks between early October and late November. Although "All I Really Want to Do" reached the UK Album Chart, it failed to chart in Europe. The song "All I Really Want to Do" was the only single to be taken from the album and reached #15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #9 on the UK singles chart. The song also entered the Canadian, Dutch, and Swedish single charts. "All I Really Want to Do" was the first single to be released by Cher under that name and was also her first solo hit. The album also contained the Bono-penned song, "Dream Baby", which had been released as a single in 1964 by Cher, under the pseudonym of Cherylin. The initial idea to cover "All I Really Want to Do" came when Cher heard the Los Angeles folk rock band, The Byrds, perform it during their pre-fame residency at Ciro's nightclub on the Sunset Strip in March 1965. A minor controversy between Cher and The Byrds ensued when it was alleged by Columbia Records (The Byrds' record label) that Cher and Sonny Bono had taped one of The Byrds' appearances at Ciro's without permission, in order to use some of the band's repertoire ("All I Really Want to Do" and "The Bells of Rhymney") on Cher's own album. Although The Byrds planned to issue "All I Really Want to Do" as a single themselves, they were largely unconcerned with the imminent release of Cher's recording, feeling that there was enough room in the charts for both versions. In a retaliatory attempt to bury Cher's version, Columbia rush-released The Byrds' "All I Really Want to Do" single and both versions entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 during the same week. A chart battle ensued, largely instigated by Columbia Records and the music press, but ultimately The Byrds' version stalled at #40 on the U.S. charts, while Cher's cover reached #15. In the UK, however, both versions reached the top 10, the Byrds' version reaching #4 and Cher's recording peaking at #9. Notes </doc> <doc id="2345689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345689" title="The Farmer Takes a Wife"> The Farmer Takes a Wife The Farmer Takes a Wife is a 1934 play by Frank B. Elser and Marc Connelly based on the novel "Rome Haul" by Walter D. Edmonds. It was well-received upon its opening night on Broadway on October 30, 1934 at the 46th Street Theatre. The production was directed by Marc Connelly, used set designs by Donald Oenslager, and starred Henry Fonda as Dan Harrow and June Walker as Molly Larkins. The play spawned two film adaptations. The first, a 1935 comedy film, was directed by Victor Fleming, starred Janet Gaynor, and marked the Hollywood debut of Henry Fonda. Dan Harrow (Henry Fonda) works along the Erie Canal during the mid-19th century to raise money to buy a farm. While working, he meets Molly Larkins, a beautiful canal boat cook (Janet Gaynor). Although Harrow wants to marry Larkins, she's apprehensive about leaving the exciting canal life for one of a farmer's wife. A 1953 musical remake used a score by Harold Arlen and Cyril J. Mockridge. The picture was directed by Henry Levin and starred Betty Grable, Dale Robertson, Eddie Foy, Jr., and Thelma Ritter. </doc> <doc id="2345692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345692" title="New Year's Day (2001 film)"> New Year's Day (2001 film) New Year's Day is a 2001 comedy-drama film starring Andrew Lee Potts, Bobby Barry, Jacqueline Bisset, Anastasia Hille, Michael Kitchen, Sue Johnston, Ralph Brown and Marianne Jean-Baptiste. It was written by Ralph Brown and directed by Suri Krishnamma. The film follows two teenagers, Jake (Potts) and Steve (Barry) as they cope with life after being the sole survivors of an avalanche. Their teacher also survives the accident, but remains comatose and dies soon after the start of the film. The two boys make a suicide pact agreeing that on the one-year anniversary of the avalanche, they will kill themselves. The two spend their last year living life to the fullest. This takes the form of a list of "tasks", which they both must fulfill before dying. The movie's screenplay is written by Brown, and deals with themes such as the generation gap, the conflicts that surround today's youngsters, suicide, crossing boundaries and how people are affected by tragedy. Brown has spoken of New Year's Day being prompted by the murder of James Bulger, in the sense of a storyline concerning two young people who are surrounded by grown-ups who have no idea about what they are doing. "New Year's Day" won best film at the Raindance Film Festival 2001, and best film at the Sapporo Film Festival 2001. In February 2001, it also took the Grand Prize in the 12th Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival which was attended by director Suri Krishnamma. The film contains a cover of the Tim Hardin song "Reason to Believe" by Paul Weller, recorded specially for the movie. The exams scenes were filmed using students from the Queens School in Bushey, Hertfordshire. The school is located next door the ex American University where some of the school scenes were shot. </doc> <doc id="2345693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345693" title="The Sonny Side of Chér"> The Sonny Side of Chér The Sonny Side of Chér is the second studio album by American singer-actress Cher, released on April, 1966 by Imperial, as her second album, Cher again collaborated with Sonny Bono and Harold Battiste. The album is by-and-large a covers album and contains two songs written by Bono. The title of the album is a pun on the name of Cher's first husband Sonny Bono. The album was Cher's second successful album of the sixties. After the success of her previous album, Cher quickly recorded another album. "The Sonny Side of Chér" was in the chart with the second studio album of Sonny & Cher, "The Wondrous World of Sonny & Cher". The album follows the same formula of the previous album with rearranged covers and new songs written by Bono. "The Sonny Side of Chér" was overall less successful than the previous release, but produced bigger hits than the first album did. It contains Cher's first solo Top Ten hit, the Bono-penned song "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)". With "Bang Bang", Cher was definitively settled in the American pop culture. The album also had two songs with French influence, "A Young Girl" and "Our Day Will Come" and Edith Piaf's famous "Milord". Like her previous album "All I Really Want to Do", Cher covered one song written and performed by Bob Dylan, "Like a Rolling Stone". The album also included Tom Jones' "It's Not Unusual", the popular song "Our Day Will Come" and "The Girl from Ipanema". Other covers are "A Young Girl" and "Ol' Man River" (which shows the huge vocal power Cher already had on this early album). In 1992 the original album and Cher's debut studio album "All I Really Want to Do" were reissued by EMI on one CD which featured all tracks from both. After in 1995 EMI re-released this version together with the album "Cher". The last version of the album was released in 2005 only in UK by BGO Records. These editions feature a different track order than the original LP. "The Sonny Side of Chér", like Cher's previous album, was a success in the "Billboard" 200. The album entered into the chart while "The Wondrous World of Sonny & Cher" was also charting, eventually reaching up to #26. The album also entered in the UK Albums Chart and debuted at #28 in May, and reached its highest position (#11) three weeks later. The album remained in the chart for eleven weeks and exited in July. "The Sonny Side of Chér" was also Cher's last album that entered in the UK Albums chart until her 1987 comeback album "Cher" (released by Geffen). "The Sonny Side of Chér" also entered in the Norway albums chart and peaked at #17. Two singles were released from this album; both were written by Bono. "Where Do You Go", the album's first single release, was a Dylan-mimic and reached number twenty five in the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number seventeen on the Canadian Single Charts. The second single released was Cher's most successful song of the sixties, "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)", which peaked in the US at #2 and which was also a hit in the UK Singles Chart at #3. The song was covered by Bono in the Sonny & Cher live album "Live in Las Vegas Vol. 2", and was later re-recorded for the 1987 studio album "Cher". No musicians were credited, only: "A very special thanks to some of the greatest musicians in Hollywood for their part in making this album possible" </doc> <doc id="2345696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345696" title="Kim Mullen"> Kim Mullen Kim Mullen (born in California and later based in Huber Heights, Ohio) is a former model and beauty queen who has competed in the Miss USA pageant. She has also participated in the reality television show "". Mullen earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Ohio State University. During college, Mullen was a fashion model in Miami, New York City, Atlanta, and Europe. Mullen earned Master of Science from New York University. Mullen won the Miss Ohio USA 2002 title and Miss Photogenic award when she competed in the Miss Ohio USA pageant as Miss Dublin USA in the Miss Ohio USA 2002 pageant held on November 18, 2001. Mullen went on to represent Ohio in the Miss USA 2002 pageant broadcast live from Indiana in March 2002. Mullen competed on "," as a member of the Ulong tribe. </doc> <doc id="2345704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345704" title="Frank Pavone"> Frank Pavone Frank Anthony Pavone (born February 4, 1959) is an American Roman Catholic priest and pro-life activist. He is the National Director of Priests for Life (PFL), a private association of the faithful, and serves as the Chairman and Pastoral Director of Rachel's Vineyard, a ministry of Priests for Life. He also is the President of the National Pro-Life Religious Council, an umbrella group of various Christian denominations working to end abortion, and serves as Pastoral Director of the Silent No More awareness campaign. Pavone was born in 1959 in Port Chester, New York to Marion and Joseph Pavone. His father was a hardware salesman. Pavone aspired to be an astronaut as a child but decided to become a priest after volunteering at his parish, and after attending the 1976 March for Life, decided to devote his life to the pro-life cause. After graduating as valedictorian of his high school class, he enrolled in the Don Bosco College, a Salesian Major Seminary in Newton, New Jersey, later leaving the Salesian Order and joining the Archdiocese of New York. Pavone was ordained a diocesan priest on November 12, 1988 by Cardinal John O'Connor at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York City. He served as a parish priest at St. Charles Church on Staten Island from 1988 to 1993. In 1993, Cardinal O'Connor appointed him the full-time national director of Priests for Life. He gained prominence through his work with the group, traveling to all fifty states and personally working with Mother Teresa and Mother Angelica. He received Norma McCorvey, the "Jane Roe" of the Supreme Court decision "Roe v. Wade" that legalized abortion in America who became a pro-life activist, into the Catholic Church in 1998. In 2001 Pavone announced a $12 million advertising campaign designed to welcome women who'd had abortions back into the church. However, the National Council of Catholic Bishops stated that this would be coordinated with post-abortion counseling services already provided by many dioceses. Frances Kissling, president of Catholics for a Free Choice, said "There is an existing ministry designed to reconcile women with the church.". Also in 2001, Cardinal Edward Egan of New York, forced him to step down as head of Priests for Life and accept a parish position. After disputes in New York with Cardinal Edward Egan, Pavone sought and received a transfer to the Diocese of Amarillo, Texas. In 2005 Pavone became a priest of the Diocese of Amarillo, Texas, and serves in pro-life ministry with his bishop's permission. Pavone is also a member of the Pontifical Academy for Life. In March 2005 the Catholic Diocese of Amarillo announced that Pavone, would establish a religious community, called Missionaries of the Gospel of Life, for priests and seminarians exclusively dedicated to pro-life work. In 2007, Bishop John Yanta with the approval of the Vatican, suppressed the community. Pavone provided much commentary during the Terri Schiavo controversy, having been on the limited visitors' list and having been at her bedside many times, including during her final hours. He delivered the homily at Schiavo's funeral Mass at the Holy Name of Jesus Catholic Church in Gulfport, Florida on April 5, 2005. He serves as a member of Dr. James Dobson's Focus on the Family Institute. He is the author of two books, "Ending Abortion, Not Just Fighting It", and "Pro-life Reflections for Every Day". Pavone was threatened with death by Theodore Shulman, an abortion rights advocate. Shulman indicated Pavone would be killed, if Scott Roeder, the murderer of Wichita abortion provider George Tiller was acquitted. Commenting on the threat, Pavone said, "I have already publicly forgiven Mr. Shulman and pray for him every day". In 2011, Pavone was involved in assisting the family of Moe Maraachli, a Canadian man who, with his wife, sought medical procedure for their dying son, who came to be known as "Baby Joseph", but were refused the treatment in Canada. They turned to Pavone for assistance, and he arranged, through his Priests for Life organization, to have the baby transferred to SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Medical Center in St. Louis where the child received a tracheotomy, and then to have him flown back home, breathing on his own without a machine. After successfully receiving the procedure in March 2011, "Baby Joseph" Maraachli did return home, where he died in September 2011. In 2013, Pavone presided over a service to give names to the 45 babies whose bodies were found in Kermit Gosnell's abortion clinic. During the service, Pavone asked, "Who are these children, and whose are these children? Are they medical waste or are they our brothers and sisters?" The service also called for prayers and healing for the parents of the aborted babies. Pavone contacted the Philadelphia Medical Examiner to request permission to bury the "Gosnell babies". The request was not granted. In September 2004, Pavone addressed a group of delegates to the Republican National Convention in New York, saying, "Isn't it great to be among Catholics who aren't afraid to be political? And isn't it great to find a few priests who aren't afraid to be political?" Pavone said that abortion was the "single issue" for him in the election of 2004, and indicated the politics of abortion was the reason he endorsed George W. Bush. Pavone has made statements comparing supporting the legality of abortion to supporting terrorism. Pavone said "abortion is no less violent than terrorism". Additionally, in his blog, on September 18, 2008, Pavone wrote that he believed it was acceptable to distribute literature which says it is immoral to vote for Barack Obama, on Catholic Church property, as long as the Church itself is not distributing or sponsoring the literature. When 2008 presidential candidate John McCain chose Sarah Palin as his running mate, Pavone said he believed that Palin was a better Catholic than Democratic vice presidential candidate Joe Biden, due to her opposition to abortion, even though Palin was raised a Protestant in the Assemblies of God church. In January 2010, Pavone commented on the special election victory of Republican Scott Brown to fill the late Democratic Senator Ted Kennedy's U.S. Senate seat. Although Brown has a moderate stance on abortion, supporting certain restrictions, while still supporting its legality, Pavone considered his victory as an example that "elections are the answer". Pavone said that the Democratic party ignored the will of the people and that the election of Republican Scott Brown to fill the late Democratic Ted Kennedy's seat showed that "the people respond at the voting booth to reclaim their own voice". On August 1, 2012, Priests for Life, Pavone, and its many ministries, were saluted in the United States House of Representatives. Six members of the United States Congress, including Michele Bachmann and Chris Smith, spent 35 minutes speaking from the floor of Congress about the work of Priests for Life. C-SPAN broadcast the Special Order live. In August 2012, after Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan invited President Barack Obama to the annual Al Smith Dinner, Pavone criticized the decision, saying it "amounts to scandal", due to Obama's support of legal abortion. In 2011 PFL came under scrutiny for failing to disclose financial details reporting a $1.4 million deficit in 2010 despite collecting tens of millions of dollars in donations during recent years. On September 6, 2011, Pavone was ordered back to his diocese by his bishop, Patrick Zurek of the Diocese of Amarillo, Texas. Zurek limited Pavone to duties within the Diocese of Amarillo because of a protracted disagreement over financial transparency for Pavone's nonprofit Priests for Life and its affiliates — Rachel's Vineyard, which counsels people affected by abortion, and Gospel of Life Ministries, a lay association for Priests for Life. Pavone remained a priest in good standing, and the bishop did not allege fiscal impropriety, In addition to suspending Pavone from ministry outside Amarillo, Bishop Zurek prohibited the priest from appearing on the Eternal Word Television Network. Zurek also questioned the management of Priests for Life affiliates Rachel's Vineyard and Gospel of Life Ministries, the latter of which lost its tax-exempt status last year, according to IRS records. A Catholic World News analysis of tax returns indicated that between 2006 and 2008 Priests for Life spent less than 63% of its revenues on its programs. It also found that Pavone did not draw any salary from the organization. In September 2011 Pavone appealed to the Vatican Bishop Zurek's decision to suspend his ministry outside the Diocese of Amarillo. Bishop Zurek's initial use of the term "suspended", which under Canon Law indicates a loss of the authority to perform religious ministry, was not supported by the Congregation of the Clergy which at the same time affirmed a bishop's right to assign clerics incardinated in his diocese. The Vatican decree allowed Pavone to minister outside the Diocese of Amarillo, however he still must obtain specific permission to do so from Amarillo Bishop Patrick J. Zurek. Pavone was to continue as chaplain to the Disciples of the Lord Jesus Christ religious order, as assigned by the bishop. In November 2012, the Congregation decided that since the principal office of Priests for Life is in the archdiocese of New York, the archbishop of New York is currently the competent authority to exercise vigilance over the association. Pavone subsequently complied with demands to straighten out the group's finances and returned to New York to become accountable to his home diocese. In November 2014 Cardinal Timothy Dolan, Archbishop of New York, and former president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, wrote to the bishops of the United States to advise them that the Congregation of the Clergy had conducted an apostolic visitation of PFL the previous year, and had subsequently requested that he "assist Father Pavone with several necessary reforms." Cardinal Dolan wrote to advise the bishops that Pavone had not cooperated with the reforms. As a result, the cardinal told the Vatican that "I am unable to fulfill their mandate, and want nothing further to do with the organization." On November 7, 2016, Pavone, a member of Donald Trump's 33-member Catholic advisory council, presented a live video in which he appeared with what he claimed was the body of an unclothed aborted fetus and placed it on an altar. Pavone preached for about 45 minutes on the subject of abortion. Negative reactions were widespread. Ed Mechmann, director of public policy for the Archdiocese of New York, said that "A human being has been sacrificed and the altar of God has been desecrated, all for politics. Everyone who respects the dignity of every human person should reject and disavow this atrocity." Bishop Patrick Zurek of the Amarillio, Texas diocese, said the video, was "...against the dignity of human life and is a desecration of the altar, and "is not consistent with the beliefs of the Catholic Church. We believe that no one who is pro-life can exploit a human body for any reason, especially the body of a fetus." The bishop clarified that Priests for Life, which is based in Staten Island, N.Y., is not a Catholic, but a civil institution and therefore not under the diocese's supervision. He added that the diocese was opening an investigation of Pavone "about all these matters." </doc> <doc id="2345708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345708" title="Naval Air Systems Command"> Naval Air Systems Command The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) provides material support for aircraft and airborne weapon systems for the United States Navy. It is one of the various Navy systems commands, and was established in 1966 as the successor to the Navy's Bureau of Naval Weapons. NAVAIR is headquartered in Patuxent River, Md., with military and civilian personnel stationed at eight locations across the continental United States and one site overseas. The current commander as of 31 May 2018 is Vice Admiral G. Dean Peters. The vice commander is Rear Admiral (Lower Half) (Sel) John S. Lemmon. The deputy commander, or senior civilian service member, is Mr. Garry R. Newton. NAVAIR's mission is to provide full life-cycle support of naval aviation aircraft, weapons and systems operated by Sailors and Marines. This support includes research, design, development and systems engineering, acquisition, test and evaluation, training facilities and equipment, repair and modification, and in-service engineering and logistics support. NAVAIR is organized into eight "competencies" or communities of practice namely: program management, contracts, research and engineering, test and evaluation, logistics and industrial operations, corporate operations, comptroller and counsel. NAVAIR provides support (through people, processes, tools, training, mission facilities, and core technologies) to Naval Aviation Program Executive Officers (PEOs) and their assigned program managers, who are responsible for meeting the cost, schedule, and performance requirements of their assigned programs. NAVAIR Headquarters is a tenant activity of Patuxent River NAS in St. Mary's County, Maryland. Ten NAVAIR locations exist, with eight U.S. locations from coast to coast, and two international locations. These are: The Naval Air Systems Command is organizationally aligned to the Chief of Naval Operations. As part of its mission, NAVAIR provides support, manpower, resources, and facilities to its aligned Program Executive Offices (PEO's). The Program Executive Offices are responsible for the execution of major defense acquisition programs. The PEO's are organizationally aligned to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition (ASN(RDA)). The Naval Aviation PEO's are co-located with the Naval Air Systems Command, and operate under NAVAIR policies and procedures. Other PEO's, such as the Office of the Secretary of Defense's direct reporting Program Executive Office, Joint Strike Fighter (PEO(JSF)) also obtain support, manpower, laboratories and facilities from NAVAIR. Naval Aviation PEOs are: NAVAIR is part of the Naval Aviation Enterprise triad model currently headed by the Commander Naval Air Force (CNAF) and supported by the OPNAV Director, Naval Air Warfare. Comparable organizations </doc> <doc id="2345710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345710" title="Parameswaran II"> Parameswaran II Parameswaran II was a Pallava king in India who ruled from 728 to 731 A.D. He was the son of Raja Simhan. </doc> <doc id="2345727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345727" title="Ralph Peters (LIRR)"> Ralph Peters (LIRR) Ralph Peters (November 19, 1853 – October 9, 1923) was an American railroad executive who served as the president of the Long Island Rail Road. Peters was born in Atlanta, Georgia on November 19, 1853. He was one of nine children born to Mary Jane (née Thompson) Peters (1830–1911) and Richard Peters (1810–1889), a railroad executive who was one of the founders of Atlanta. Among his siblings was Richard, Edward, and Nellie, who also became prominent. His paternal grandfather was Richard Peters, a reporter of Decisions to the U.S. Supreme Court, and his great-grandfather was Continental Congressman Richard Peters, a Pennsylvania jurist. His maternal grandfather was Dr. Joseph Thompson, an early settler and doctor. Peters graduated from the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia, with a Bachelor of Arts in 1872. Peters was elected president of the LIRR in April 1905. He died at his home on Garden City, Long Island on October 9, 1923. </doc> <doc id="2345729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345729" title="Sehome Hill Arboretum"> Sehome Hill Arboretum Sehome (Lummi: "six̠ʷóm"), also called Sehome Hill, is a forested hill in Bellingham, Washington. The Sehome Hill Arboretum is an park of second growth forest is located on the hill, adjacent to the campus of Western Washington University. Though called an arboretum, the hilly expanse atop Sehome is not consciously planted as an exhibit of tree species, but naturally wooded and rich in the plant species (both native and nonnative) typical of the region. The arboretum is jointly managed by both the university and the city. Its care is overseen by the Sehome Arboretum Board of Governors, composed of city employees, university employees, university students, and city residents. The park offers students and city dwellers over 5 miles (8 km) of public trails for walking and running and, in some areas, bicycling. Unique features of the park include an wooden observation tower atop Sehome, with aerial views of Bellingham Bay to the south. There is also a large tunnel, hand cut into rock in 1923, originally used for car traffic in the early 1900s. Its tall, thin shape shows its creation for cars like Model T Fords of the day. Cars are no longer allowed in the tunnel and it is part of a trail along which hikers can walk. In the 1850s, coal-mining claims were made on Sehome and two coal scouts named Henry Hewitt and William Brown who were working for Henry Roeder's lumber mill found coal. The Bellingham Bay Coal Company was founded and began work in 1855. Tunnels are said to be laced through Sehome Arboretum but their exact locations and the tunnel's entrances are no longer known. Logging has taken place in the arboretum since the 1800s with operations ongoing as recently as 1906. The land became a park in 1922 and an arboretum in 1967, with the closure of most of the park to automobiles. The Arboretum contains the following plant species: Trees Shrubs A number of invasive plants grow the arboretum, including: </doc> <doc id="2345738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345738" title="Brick Brewing Company"> Brick Brewing Company Brick Brewing Company is a brewery based in Kitchener, Ontario, with several divisions. Brick is reportedly the largest Canadian-owned brewer in the province, and it was also Ontario's first modern craft brewery. Brick's most successful brand is the Laker series. Brick also operates Waterloo Brewing (a craft brewing division) and LandShark Lager Canada. Brick is a public company with 145 employees (2012) and $30 million CAD market capitalization. Brick reported net revenues of $37 million CAD in fiscal 2015-2016. The company's administration currently consists of president and CEO George Croft, CFO David Birch, and COO Russell Tabata. Founder Jim Brickman resigned in 2008. In January 2017, Brick put its Formosa Springs Brewery in Formosa, Ontario, up for sale; that resulted in the re-opening of the 40,000 square foot plant after the new owner was interested in retaining the facility. In addition to the Formosa brand, Brick also sold the Red Baron lines. Brick plans to consolidate its operations in Kitchener and expand the plant, at an estimated cost of $4 million. In the early 1990s, Brick briefly produced Pride Lager, Canada's first beer marketed specifically to gay consumers. Pride Lager was not a new product, however, but simply one of the company's existing brews bottled and sold under an alternate label. </doc> <doc id="2345740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345740" title="Nyamutukura Kyebambe III of Bunyoro"> Nyamutukura Kyebambe III of Bunyoro Omukama Nyamutukura Kyebambe III ruled Bunyoro (part of modern-day Uganda) from 1786–1835. In 1822, his eldest son rebelled and established his own independent kingdom, the Toro Kingdom. </doc> <doc id="2345746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345746" title="John Bosco"> John Bosco John Bosco (; 16 August 181531 January 1888), popularly known as Don Bosco , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest, educator and writer of the 19th century. While working in Turin, where the population suffered many of the effects of industrialization and urbanization, he dedicated his life to the betterment and education of street children, juvenile delinquents, and other disadvantaged youth. He developed teaching methods based on love rather than punishment, a method that became known as the Salesian Preventive System. A follower of the spirituality and philosophy of Francis de Sales, Bosco was an ardent devotee of Mary, mother of Jesus, under the title Mary Help of Christians. He later dedicated his works to De Sales when he founded the Salesians of Don Bosco, based in Turin. Together with Maria Domenica Mazzarello, he founded the Institute of the Daughters of Mary Help of Christians, a religious congregation of nuns dedicated to the care and education of poor girls. He taught Dominic Savio, of whom he wrote a biography that helped the young boy be canonized. On 18 April 1869, one year after the construction of the Basilica of Mary Help of Christians in Turin, Don Bosco established the Association of Mary Help of Christians (ADMA) connecting it with commitments easily fulfilled by most common people, to the spirituality and the mission of the Salesian Congregation (CG 24 SDB, 1996, NR. 80). The ADMA was founded to promote the veneration of the Most Holy Sacrament and Mary Help of Christians (Don Bosco, Association of the Devotees of Mary Help of Christians, San Benigno can. 1890, page 33). In 1876 Bosco founded a movement of laity, the Association of Salesian Cooperators, with the same educational mission to the poor. In 1875, he began to publish the "Salesian Bulletin". The "Bulletin" has remained in continuous publication, and is currently published in 50 different editions and 30 languages. Bosco established a network of organizations and centres to carry on his work. Following his beatification in 1929, he was canonized as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church by Pope Pius XI in 1934. John Bosco was born in the evening of 16 August 1815 in the hillside hamlet of Becchi, Italy. He was the youngest son of Francesco Bosco (1784–1817) and Margherita Occhiena. He had two older brothers, Antonio and Giuseppe (1813–1862). The Boscos of Becchi were farmhands of the Moglian Family. John Bosco was born into a time of great shortage and famine in the Piedmonteses countryside, following the devastation wrought by the Napoleonic wars and a drought in 1817. When he was little more than two years old his father Francesco died, leaving the support of three boys to his mother, Margherita. She played a strong role in Bosco's formation and personality, and was an early supporter of her son's ideals. In 1825, when he was nine, Bosco had the first of a series of dreams which would play an influential role in his outlook and work. This first dream "left a profound impression on him for the rest of his life", according to his own memoirs. Bosco apparently saw a multitude of very poor boys who play and blaspheme, and a man, who "appeared, nobly attired, with a manly and imposing bearing". The man said to him: "You will have to win these friends of yours not with blows, but with gentleness and kindness. So begin right now to show them that sin is ugly and virtue beautiful." When the traveling entertainers performed at a local feast in the nearby hills, John watched and studied the jugglers' tricks and the acrobats' secrets. Then he would put on shows of his skills as a juggler, magician and acrobat with prayers before and after the performance. Poverty prevented any serious attempt at schooling. John's early years were spent as a shepherd, and he received his first instruction from a parish priest. His childhood experiences are thought to have inspired him to become a priest. At the time, being a priest was generally seen as a profession for the privileged classes, rather than farmers, although it was not unknown. Some biographers portray his older brother Antonio as the main obstacle for Bosco's ambition to study, as the brother protested that John was just "a farmer like us!" On a cold morning of February 1827, John left his home and went to look for work as a farm-servant. At 12, he found life at home unbearable because of the continuous quarrels with Antonio. Having to face life by himself at such a young age may have developed his later sympathies to help abandoned boys. After begging unsuccessfully for work, Bosco ended up at the wine farm of Louis Moglia. Although Bosco could pursue some studies by himself, he was not able to attend school for two more years. In 1830 he met Joseph Cafasso, a young priest who identified some natural talent and supported his first schooling. In 1835 Bosco entered the seminary at Chieri, next to the Church of the Immacolata Concezione. In 1841, after six years of study, he was ordained priest on the eve of Trinity Sunday by Archbishop Franzoni of Turin. John Bosco was first called to be chaplain of the Rifugio ("Refuge"), a girls' boarding school founded in Turin by the Marchioness Giulia di Barolo. His other ministries included visiting prisoners, teaching catechism, and helping out at many country parishes. At that time, the city of Turin had a population of 117,000 inhabitants. It reflected the effects of industrialization and urbanization: numerous poor families lived in the slums of the city, having come from the countryside in search of a better life. In visiting the prisons, Don Bosco was disturbed to see so many boys from 12 to 18 years of age. He was determined to find a means to prevent them ending up here. Because of population growth and migration to the city, Bosco found the traditional methods of parish ministry inefficient. He decided it was necessary to try another form of apostolate, and he began to meet the boys where they worked and gathered in shops and market places. They were pavers, stone-cutters, masons, plasterers who came from far away places, he recalled in his brief "Memoires." The Oratorio was not simply a charitable institution, and its activities were not limited to Sundays. For Don Bosco, it became his permanent occupation. He looked for jobs for the unemployed. Some of the boys did not have sleeping quarters and slept under bridges or in bleak public dormitories. Twice he tried to provide lodgings in his house. The first time they stole the blankets; the second they emptied the hay-loft. He did not give up. In May 1847, he gave shelter to a young boy from Valencia, in one of the three rooms he was renting in the slums of Valdocco, where he was living with his mother. He and "Mamma Margherita" began taking in orphans. The boys sheltered by Don Bosco numbered 36 in 1852, 115 in 1854, 470 in 1860 and 600 in 1861, 800 being the maximum some time later. Bosco and his oratory moved around town for a number of years; he was turned out of several places in succession. After only two months based in the church of St. Martin, the entire neighborhood expressed its annoyance with the noise coming from the boys at play. A formal complaint was lodged against them with the municipality. Rumors also circulated that the meetings conducted by the priest with his boys were dangerous; their recreation could be turned into a revolution against the government. The group was evicted. In the archives of the Salesian Congregation is a contract of apprenticeship, dated November 1851; another one on stamped paper costing 40 cents, dated February 8, 1852; and others with later dates. These are among the first contracts of apprenticeship to be found in Turin. All of them are signed by the employer, the apprentice and Don Bosco. In those contracts, Don Bosco touched on many sensitive issues. Some employers customarily made servants and scullery-boys of the apprentices. Don Bosco obliged them to agree to employ the boys only in their acknowledged trade. Employers used to beat the boys. Don Bosco required them to agree that corrections be made only verbally. He cared for their health, and demanded that they be given rest on feast days, and that they be given an annual holiday. But in spite of all the efforts and contracts, the situation of the apprentices of the time remained difficult. One influential friend was the Piedmontese Justice Minister Urbano Rattazzi. He was anticlerical in his politics, but he saw some value in Bosco’s work. While Rattazzi was pushing a bill through the Sardinian legislature to suppress religious orders, he advised Bosco on how to get around the law. He found a religious order to keep the oratory going after its founder’s death. Bosco had been thinking about that problem, too, and had been slowly organizing his helpers into a loose "Congregation of St. Francis de Sales". He was also training select older boys for the priesthood. Another supporter of the idea to establish a religious order to carry out Bosco's vision was the reigning pope, Blessed Pius IX. Bosco disliked the ideals that had been exported by revolutionary France, calling Rousseau and Voltaire "two vicious leaders of incredulity." He favoured an ultramontane view of politics that acknowledged the supreme authority of the pope. In 1854, when the Kingdom of Sardinia was about to pass a law suppressing monastic orders and confiscating ecclesiastical properties, Bosco reported a series of dreams about "great funerals at court", referring to politicians or members of the Savoy court. In November 1854, he sent a letter to King Victor Emmanuel II, admonishing him to oppose the confiscation of church property and suppression of the orders, but the King failed to respond. His actions, which had been described by Italian historian Erberto Petoia as having "manifest blackmailing intentions", ended only after the intervention of Prime Minister Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour. The king's family suffered a number of deaths in a short period. From January to May 1855, the king's mother (age 54), wife (32), newborn son (Vittorio Emanuele, Count of Genoa; nearly four months old), and his only brother (32) all died. Opposition to Bosco and his work came from various quarters. Traditionalist clergy accused him of stealing the young and old people away from their own parishes. Nationalist politicians (including some clergy) saw his several hundred young men as a recruiting ground for revolution. The Marquis de Cavour, chief of police in Turin, regarded the open-air catechisms as overtly political and a threat to the State, and was highly suspicious of Bosco's support for the powers of the papacy. Bosco was interrogated on several occasions, but no charges made. Closure may have been prevented by orders from the king that Bosco was not to be disturbed. Several attempts were also made on Bosco's life, including a near-stabbing, bludgeoning and a shooting. Early biographers put this down to the growing influence of the Waldensians in opposition to Catholic clergy. Some of the boys helped by Don Bosco decided to do what he was doing, that is, to work in the service of abandoned boys. And this was the origin of the Salesian Congregation. Among the first members were Michael Rua, John Cagliero (who later became a Cardinal), and John Baptist Francesia. In 1859, Bosco selected the experienced priest Vittorio Alasonatti, 15 seminarians and one high school boy and formed them into the "Society of St. Francis de Sales." This was the nucleus of the Salesians, the religious order that would carry on his work. When the group had their next meeting, they voted on the admission of Joseph Rossi as a lay member, the first Salesian brother. The Salesian Congregation was divided into priests, seminarians and "coadjutors" (the lay brothers). Next, he worked with estarino, Mary Mazzarello and a group of girls in the hill town of Mornese. In 1871, he founded a group of religious sisters to do for girls what the Salesians were doing for boys. They were called the "Daughters of Mary Help of Christians." In 1874, he founded yet another group, the "Salesian Cooperators." These were mostly lay people who would work for young people like the Daughters and the Salesians, but would not join a religious order. The first Salesians departed for Argentina in 1875. After his ordination, Bosco himself would have become a missionary had not his director, Joseph Cafasso, opposed the idea. He nevertheless eagerly read the Italian edition of the Annals of the Propagation of the Faith and used this magazine to illustrate his "Cattolico Provveduto" (1853) and his "Month of May" booklets (1858). When Bosco founded the Salesian Society, the thought of the missions still obsessed him, though he completely lacked the financial means at that time. Bosco claimed he had another dream where he was on a vast plain, inhabited by primitive peoples, who spent their time hunting or fighting among themselves or against soldiers in European uniforms. Along came a band of missionaries, but they were all massacred. A second group appeared, which Bosco at once recognized as Salesians. Astonished, he witnessed an unexpected change when the fierce savages laid down their arms and listened to the missionaries. It seems the dream made a great impression on Bosco, because he tried hard to identify the men and the country of the dream – and for three years collected information about different countries. A request from Argentina, turned him towards the Indians of Patagonia, and a study of the people there convinced him that the country and its inhabitants were the ones he had seen in his dream. Towards the end of 1874, John Bosco received letters from the Argentine consult at Savona requesting that he accept an Italian parish in Buenos Aires and a school for boys at San Nicolas de los Arroyos. Bosco regarded it as a sign of providence and started to prepare a mission. Adopting a way of evangelization that would not expose his missionaries to wild, "uncivilized" tribes, he proposed setting up bases in safe locations which missionary efforts were to be launched. Negotiations started after Archbishop Aneiros of Buenos Aires had indicated that he would be glad to receive the Salesians. In a ceremony held on 29 January 1875, Bosco was able to convey the great news to the oratory. On 5 February he announced the fact in a circular letter to all Salesians asking volunteers to apply in writing. He proposed that the first missionary departure start in October. There were many volunteers. Bosco died on 31 January 1888. His funeral was attended by thousands. Soon after there was popular demand to have him canonized. The Archdiocese of Turin investigated and witnesses were called to determine if Bosco was worthy to be declared a saint. The Salesians, Daughters and Cooperators gave supportive testimonies. But many remembered Bosco's controversies in the 1870s with Archbishop Gastaldi and some others high in the Church hierarchy thought him a loose cannon and a "wheeler-dealer". In the canonization process, testimony was heard about how he went around Gastaldi to get some of his men ordained and about their lack of academic preparation and ecclesiastical decorum. Political cartoons from the 1860s and later showed him shaking money from the pockets of old ladies or going off to America for the same purpose. These cartoons were not forgotten. Opponents of Bosco, including some cardinals, were in a position to block his canonization. Around 1925, many Salesians feared that they would succeed. Pope Pius XI had known Bosco and pushed the cause forward. Pius XI beatified Bosco on June 2, 1929 and canonized him on Easter Sunday (April 1) of 1934, when he was given the title of "Father and Teacher of Youth". While Bosco had been popularly known as the patron saint of illusionists, on 30 January 2002, Silvio Mantelli petitioned Pope John Paul II to formally declare Bosco the patron of stage magicians. Catholic stage magicians who practice gospel magic venerate Bosco by offering free magic shows to underprivileged children on his feast day. Bosco's work was carried on by his early pupil, collaborator and companion, Michael Rua, who was appointed rector major of the Salesian Society by Pope Leo XIII in 1888. Bosco was the subject of the 1935 biopic "Don Bosco" directed by Goffredo Alessandrini. He was played by the actor Gian Paolo Rosmino. The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco is named after Bosco. The church is located in Montreal, Canada, in the borough of Ville-Emard. St. Giovanni Bosco is the patron saint of the capital of Brazil, Brasília, which he supposedly foresaw in a prophecy concerning an extraordinary new civilization which would flourish in Central Brazil. </doc> <doc id="2345748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345748" title="The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own)"> The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance (recce) regiment of the Canadian Army; the regiment is subordinate to 39 Canadian Brigade Group of the 3rd Canadian Division. Established in 1883, it is the oldest military unit in Vancouver, British Columbia. It parades at the Beatty Street Drill Hall at the corner of Dunsmuir and Beatty in downtown Vancouver. The regiment has been variously designated as garrison artillery, rifles, infantry, and armoured, but has been reconnaissance since 1965. It has received 41 battle honours in its history, and has been a unit of the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps since 1942. The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) originated in Victoria, British Columbia on 12 October 1883, when the British Columbia Provisional Regiment of Garrison Artillery was formed. It was redesignated as the British Columbia Brigade of Garrison Artillery on 7 May 1886, as the British Columbia Battalion of Garrison Artillery on 1 January 1893, as the 5th British Columbia Battalion of Garrison Artillery on 1 January 1895 and the 5th British Columbia Regiment, Canadian Artillery on 28 December 1895. The regiment was reorganized and split into two battalions on 1 July 1896, designated the 1st Battalion (now the 5th (British Columbia) Field Artillery Regiment, RCA) and 2nd Battalion, which was detached and converted to infantry and redesignated the 6th Battalion Rifles on 1 August 1899, with headquarters in Vancouver. It was redesignated the 6th Regiment The Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles on 1 May 1900. Following the Great War on 12 March 1920, the 6th Regiment The Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles was amalgamated with the 104th Regiment (Westminster Fusiliers of Canada), now The Royal Westminster Regiment, and redesignated as the 1st British Columbia Regiment. It was redesignated the 1st British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) on 1 November 1920. On 15 May 1924 it was reorganized into three separate regiments, designated The Vancouver Regiment, The Westminster Regiment and the 1st British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own). The 1st British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) was redesignated The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles) on 15 January 1930 and the 2nd (Reserve) Battalion, The British Columbia Regiment, (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles) on 7 November 1940. The regiment was converted to armour and redesignated the 13th Armoured Regiment (The British Columbia Regiment), RCAC, on 1 April 1946, The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) (13th Armoured Regiment) on 4 February 1949, The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) (RCAC), on 19 May 1958 and finally The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) on 7 October 1985. On 13 June 2002, it was amalgamated with The Irish Fusiliers of Canada (The Vancouver Regiment). Lineage of the British Columbia Regt (Duke of Connaught's Own): + Abbreviations used in the chart The 6th Battalion Rifles contributed volunteers for the Canadian Contingents during the South African War. In 1914 the regiment was involved in the Komagata Maru incident. The 6th Regiment The Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles and the 11th Regiment Irish Fusiliers of Canada were placed on active service on 6 August 1914 for local protection duties. The 7th Battalion (1st British Columbia), CEF was authorized on 10 August 1914 and sailed for Britain on 28 September 1914. The 7th Battalion disembarked in France on 15 February 1915, where it fought as part of the 2nd Infantry Brigade, 1st Canadian Division in France and Flanders until the end of the war. The battalion was disbanded on 30 August 1920. The 29th Battalion (Vancouver), CEF, known as "Tobin's Tigers," was authorized on 7 November 1914 and embarked for Britain on 20 May 1915. It arrived in France on 17 September 1915, where it fought as part of the 6th Infantry Brigade, 2nd Canadian Division in France and Flanders until the end of the war. The battalion was disbanded on 30 August 1920. The 102nd Battalion, CEF, was authorized on 22 December 1915 and embarked for Britain on 18 June 1916, arriving in France on 12 August 1916, where it fought as part of the 11th Infantry Brigade, 4th Canadian Division in France and Flanders until the end of the war. The battalion was disbanded on 30 August 1920. The 30th Battalion, CEF, was authorized on 27 October 1914 and embarked for Britain on 23 February 1915. It was redesignated the 30th Reserve Battalion, CEF, on 18 April 1915 to provide reinforcements for units in the field. On 4 January 1917 its personnel were absorbed by the 1st Reserve Battalion, CEF. The 62nd Battalion (British Columbia), CEF, was authorized on 20 April 1915 and embarked for Britain on 20 March 1916, where it provided reinforcements for the Canadian Corps in the field until 6 July 1916 when its personnel were absorbed by the 30th Reserve Battalion, CEF. The 121st Battalion (Western Irish), CEF, was authorized on 22 December 1915 and embarked for Britain on 14 November 1916, where it provided reinforcements for Canadian units in the field until 10 January 1917 when its personnel were absorbed by the 16th Reserve Battalion, CEF. The 158th Battalion (The Duke of Connaught's Own), CEF, was authorized on 22 December 1915 and embarked for Britain on 14 November 1916 where it provided reinforcements for the units in the field until 4 January 1917 when its personnel were absorbed by the 1st Reserve Battalion, CEF. The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles) was called out on service on 26 August 1939 and details of the regiment were placed on active service on 1 September 1939 for local protection duties under the designation The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles), CASF (Details). Details from the Irish Fusiliers were called out on service on 26 August 1939 and then on active service on 1 September 1939, as the Irish Fusiliers (Vancouver Regiment), CASF (Details), for local protection duties. The 102nd Battery was called out on service on 26 August 1939 and details of the battery were placed on active service on 1 September 1939 as the 102nd (North British Columbia) Heavy Battery, RCA, CASF (Details), for local protection duties. The details of the three units called out on active service were disbanded on 31 December 1940. The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles), CASF, mobilized for active service on 24 May 1940. It was redesignated as the 1st Battalion, The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles), CASF, on 7 November 1940. It was converted to armour and redesignated the 28th Armoured Regiment (The British Columbia Regiment), CAC, CASF, on 26 January 1942; and then the 28th Armoured Regiment (The British Columbia Regiment), RCAC, CASF, on 2 August 1945. On 21 August 1942 it embarked for Britain. The regiment landed in France on 28 July 1944 as part of the 4th Armoured Brigade, 4th Canadian Armoured Division and continued to serve in North West Europe until the end of the war. The overseas regiment was disbanded on 15 February 1946. The 1st Battalion, Irish Fusiliers (Vancouver Regiment), CASF, mobilized for active service on 1 January 1941. The battalion served in Canada in a home defence role as part of the 18th Infantry Brigade, 6th Canadian Division; and in Jamaica on garrison duty from 18 May 1943 to 6 August 1944. On 10 January 1945 it embarked for Britain, where it was disbanded on 19 January 1945 to provide reinforcements to the Canadian Army in the field. The 3rd Battalion, Irish Fusiliers (Vancouver Regiment), CASF, mobilized for active service on 12 May 1942. This unit served in Canada in a home defence role as part of the 19th Infantry Brigade of Pacific Command. The 3rd Battalion was disbanded on 15 August 1943. The 102nd (North British Columbia) Heavy Battery, RCA, CASF, mobilized for active service on 1 January 1941. It was redesignated as the 102nd Coast Battery, RCA, CASF, on 1 May 1942. This unit served in Canada in a home defence role with the 17th (North British Columbia) Coast Regiment, RCA, CASF, as part of Pacific Command. The battery was disbanded on 31 October 1945. The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles) was called out at 4:15 a.m. on August 26, 1939, two weeks prior to the official declaration of war by the Canadian governor general. Soldiers were dispatched to various vulnerable areas in the city, largely as a precautionary measure in response to Adolf Hitler's increasing aggression towards Poland. The British Columbia Regiment trained in Canada until January 1942, when it was announced that the 4th Division would become an armoured division. As a result, the unit was re-designated as the 28th Armoured Regiment (The British Columbia Regiment), and its officers and men were sent to England for training. In August 1943, Lieutenant-Colonel D.G. Worthington became the commanding officer of the regiment. In October, the regiment began to receive the M4 Sherman tanks, gradually replacing the Canadian-made Ram tanks, which had been in use for training. Following the Allied invasion of Europe on D-Day, the regiment landed in France on July 23. The regiment saw its first action in the Second World War during Operation Totalize, on August 8, 1944. The operation was launched under the cover of darkness. To aid in navigation at night, searchlights had been pointed at the cloud cover to provide some illumination. 40 mm Bofors guns were also firing tracers along the line of advance to aid the attack. Despite these precations, the 28th, accompanied by The Algonquin Regiment, became disoriented and navigated away from Hill 195, which was its objective, and steered instead towards Hill 140, but did not reach the hill before daybreak. As a result, when daylight came, the unit was located in an exposed valley with units of the 12th SS Panzer Division concealed in the high ground. The two Canadian regiments were attacked by the 12th SS, who were equipped with 88 mm flak guns and Tiger tanks, among other heavy weapons. Lieutenant-Colonel Worthington was killed during the battle, and the survivors of the regiment managed to break contact with the 12th SS, after suffering 133 casualties and losing 48 out of 52 tanks. The 28th would return to action only a week later, contributing to the closing of the Falaise Pocket during Operation Tractable, which saw the destruction of the German Seventh Army and the capture of a great number of enemy soldiers and equipment. After the closing of the Falaise Pocket, the regiment participated in the pursuit of retreating German forces into Belgium, as part of the First Canadian Army. A main objective of the Allied armies in Europe was the capture of major ports in order to ease the considerable logistical burden caused by the stretched supply lines, some of which extended hundreds of miles back to the invasion beaches in Normandy. The capture of a major port facility would allow the Allied armies to regain their momentum for the push into Germany. The port of Antwerp was selected as the target of the 21st Army Group for this reason. In October, as part of the Battle of the Scheldt, the regiment, as part of the First Canadian Army, took part in the essential task of clearing out the Scheldt Estuary to make the approach to the port of Antwerp safe for operation. On November 4, units from the Lake Superior Regiment (LSR) entered the village of St. Phillipsland and were informed by the civilian population that there were four small Kriegsmarine vessels docked at the harbour. The following day, a troop of tanks from C Squadron, together with units from the LSR opened fire while the vessels were docked and unable to escape. The vessels were attacked by the guns from the C Squadron tanks as well as 6-pounder antitank guns and mortars from the LSR. Three vessels were sunk and a fourth was severely damaged. Captain R. Styffe from the LSR later removed the log from one of the vessels and wrote as a final entry: "Gesunken by Lake Superior Regiment and British Columbia Regiment – Canadian Army." A member of the British Columbia Regiment recovered the ship's bell from one of the sunken vessels, and it now resides in the Officer's Mess at the Beatty St. Armoury. (Records have not been kept as to the type of vessels sunk in Zijpe Harbour, although it is probable that the four vessels were E-boats. The plaque on the bell in the Officer's Mess describes the vessel as an "escort".) The regiment finished the war in Germany, after crossing the Rhine in April 1945. The regiment captured the town of Neuenhaus and administered it for a brief period. The final action of the war involved crossing the Kusten Canal on April 17, 1945. At the close of the war, the regiment had lost 108 officers and men killed, and 213 wounded. 105 Sherman tanks, 14 Stuart tanks, and one Crusader tank had been lost during the course of the war. These losses were the highest suffered by any regiment in the 4th or 5th Armoured Divisions. 14 new battle honours were added to the regiment's guidon as a result of its service during the Second World War. On February 1, 1946, the British Columbia Regiment returned to Vancouver, marching to the Beatty St. Armoury under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel J.W. Toogood. In April 1946, Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles and the 28th Armoured amalgamated into the 13th Armoured Regiment (The British Columbia Regiment), RCAC. Later, in 1949 the name was again changed, to The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) (13th Armoured Regiment). The regiment continued to train on the M4A2E8 Sherman tank, winning the Wallace Trophy for most efficient Militia unit in 1954, 1955 and 1956. Although the unit did not deploy to Korea as part of the Korean War, it did contribute volunteers to augment Lord Strathcona's Horse (Royal Canadians) and the Royal Canadian Dragoons, whose regiments were sent. Soldiers of the regiment also served in deployments to Germany during the Cold War. On May 19, 1958, the regiment was redesignated again, becoming The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) (RCAC); the regiment's title dropped "(RCAC)" in 1985, but it remains part of the corps. On February 28, 1965, the regiment's role changed, and it became an armoured reconnaissance unit. The long-serving Sherman tanks were retired, and the unit converted to the M38A1 CDN Jeep. The Lynx reconnaissance vehicle entered service in the Canadian Army in 1968, to replace the Ferret armoured car currently serving in the reconnaissance role. The regiment cross-trained its soldiers to use the Lynx so that they could supplement regular army units overseas if necessary. In the 1987, the regiment received the Bombardier Iltis Jeep to replace the CJ7, itself a stopgap replacement for the aging M38A1, and the unit continued to train in the light reconnaissance role. The Canadian Army began to change the Reserve concept in the late 1990s, into the year 2000. Reservists would now be trained to the equivalent levels of their Regular force counterparts to ensure that a reserve augmentee could better serve in a given role. Under this concept, the regiment continues to train its soldiers to support and augment regular force units whenever required, in addition to being ready to serve locally whenever required. Soldiers of the regiment have served overseas in Canadian United Nations missions, especially the former Yugoslavia. The regiment continues to contribute soldiers to the NATO mission in Afghanistan, usually attached to Lord Strathcona's Horse or the Royal Canadian Dragoons, operating the Leopard C2, Leopard 2A6 or Coyote Reconnaissance Vehicle. In 2004, the regiment retired its Iltis Jeeps, receiving the Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon Light Utility Vehicle, Wheeled, in the C&R (command and reconnaissance) version. The G-Wagons are built to accept a lightweight applique armour kit, and are usually armed with either the C9A1 Light Machine Gun or C6 General Purpose Machine Gun in a manually operated turret. On 10 November 1983 Canada Post issued 'The Royal Canadian Regiment, The British Columbia Regiment' as part of the Canadian Forces, Regiments, 1883-1983 series. The stamps were designed by Ralph Tibbles, based on a painting by William Southern. The 32¢ stamps are perforated 13.5 x 13 and were printed by Canadian Bank Note Company, Limited. The Freedom of the City was exercised by the British Columbia Regiment in Vancouver, British Columbia on October 13, 2008. The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaughts' Own) perpetuates the 7th Battalion (1st British Columbia), CEF, the 29th (Vancouver) Battalion, CEF, the 30th Battalion, CEF, the 62nd Battalion (British Columbia), CEF, the 102nd Battalion CEF, the 121st Battalion (Western Irish), CEF, and the 158th Battalion (The Duke of Connaught's Own), CEF. Battle honours in small capitals are for large operations and campaigns and those in lowercase are for more specific battles. Bold type indicates honours emblazoned on the regimental guidon. The regiment formerly held the battle honour , but this honour cannot be perpetuated if a regiment is entitled to the honour , which was gained by the regiment upon amalgamation with the Irish Fusiliers of Canada (The Vancouver Regiment) in 2002. The regiment is also home to two volunteer bands. The British Columbia Regiment Band is a brass and reed band that performs at regimental mess dinners and events, as well as public performances at community events. The British Columbia Regiment Irish Pipes and Drums are a volunteer pipe and drum band representing the regiment. The band preserves the Irish heritage of the regiment, and the former Irish Fusiliers of Canada, which merged to become part of the British Columbia Regiment in 2002. There are several Royal Canadian Army Cadets corps spread across British Columbia that are affiliated to the British Columbia Regiment (DCO). Cadet units affiliated to the BCR (DCO) receive support and also are entitled to wear traditional regimental accoutrements on their uniforms. </doc> <doc id="2345751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345751" title="Whitney Houston albums discography"> Whitney Houston albums discography The discography of American singer Whitney Houston (1963–2012) consists of seven studio albums, six compilations, two soundtrack albums, five box sets, six extended plays, and 57 singles. In 1985, Houston released her self-titled debut album. It spent 14 weeks at No.1 on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified 13x platinum platinum (Diamond) by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), with global sales of 22 million copies. The album produced four US top 5 singles, including three "Billboard" Hot 100 No.1 singles. In 1987, Houston released her second album "Whitney". The album debuted at No.1 on the "Billboard" 200 and was supported by four US number-one singles: "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)", "Didn't We Almost Have It All", "So Emotional", and "Where Do Broken Hearts Go", which established an unprecedented seven consecutive No.1 hits by a performer. "Whitney" was certified Diamond by the RIAA and topped the charts in numerous countries, having sold in excess of 20 million copies worldwide. Houston's third studio album, "I'm Your Baby Tonight" (1990), peaked at number three on the "Billboard" 200 chart and yielded two number-one singles; "I'm Your Baby Tonight" and "All the Man That I Need", selling 10 million units worldwide. In February 1991, Houston released "The Star Spangled Banner" performance from Super Bowl XXV as a single, becoming the highest-charting rendition of the national anthem on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. "" soundtrack from her film debut, was released in November 1992. The album contains tracks by other recording artists but is considered a Houston album by "Billboard". It topped the "Billboard" 200 for 20 non-consecutive weeks, one of the longest tenures by an album in the Nielsen SoundScan era. The album was certified 18× Platinum in the United States and sold over 42 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling soundtrack album and one of the top 5 best-selling albums of all time. The lead single from the soundtrack, "I Will Always Love You", topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for a then-record-breaking fourteen weeks and was certified 6× Platinum by the RIAA, peaked at number one on the charts in nearly every country and sold 20 million copies worldwide, becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time. Houston contributed three songs, including her 11th number-one single "Exhale (Shoop Shoop)" on the 7x platinum soundtrack album, "Waiting to Exhale" (November 1995). The following year she released "" in November 1996. The soundtrack was certified 3x Platinum by the RIAA and became the biggest selling gospel album of all time. In 1998, she released her first studio album in eight years, "My Love Is Your Love". The album failed to match the commercial status of her previous albums, peaking at number 13, her lowest chart position on the "Billboard" 200 among her studio albums. Despite initial weak sales, the album went on to achieve multi-platinum status with 10 million units sold worldwide, being certified 4× Platinum in the United States. From late 1998 to early 2000, the album generated five singles; "When You Believe" (duet with Mariah Carey), "Heartbreak Hotel", "It's Not Right but It's Okay", "My Love Is Your Love", and "I Learned from the Best". Houston entered the 2000s with her first greatest hits compilation, "", released in May 2000. The double-disc was certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA in 2002 and earned 5× Platinum award posthumously, recognizing 2.6 million in sales throughout the United States. The album hit the top position on the UK Albums Chart and sold over 1.66 million copies in the UK alone. Also, it reached the top 10 in many worldwide markets, selling 10 million copies globally. "Just Whitney", released in December 2002, became her first album after renewing her contract with Arista for a record $100 million in 2001. The album failed to earn multi-platinum status, receiving only Platinum award in the US, and became her lowest-selling studio album to date. She released a holiday album, "" in November 2003. In September 2009, Houston returned to the top position of the "Billboard" 200 with "I Look to You", becoming her fourth number-one album on the chart; which was her first non-soundtrack number-one in 22 years, since 1987's "Whitney". It also topped the album charts of several European countries and was certified Platinum by the RIAA. Her albums Whitney Houston, "Whitney", "" and "" are among the top 100 certified albums according to the RIAA. According to the RIAA, Houston is the top-selling R&B female artist of the 20th century, and the fourth best-selling female artist in the United States, with shipments of 57 million albums. In addition, until the launch of the RIAA's digital certification program in 2004, she had sold 16.5 million physical singles more than any other female solo artist in history. According to the Official UK Charts Company in October 2012, Houston is at number four in the top 10 biggest selling female singles artists of all-time list with a sales total of 8.5 million singles. Whitney Houston is one of pop music's best-selling music artists of all-time, with an estimated 170–200 million records sold worldwide. </doc> <doc id="2345752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345752" title="FIA GT Championship"> FIA GT Championship The FIA GT Championship was a sports car racing series organized by the Stéphane Ratel Organisation (SRO) at the behest of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The championship was mostly concentrated in Europe, but throughout the years has visited other continents including Asia and South America. At the end of 2009, the championship was replaced by the FIA GT1 World Championship, which morphed into the FIA GT Series for 2013. FIA currently defines several categories of GT cars with the top two specifications being GT1, or Grand Touring Cars, and GT2, or Series Grand Touring Cars. Each category has an annual driver champion, team champion, and manufacturer champion. Both categories are based on production road car designs, which must be produced in a minimum quantity of 25 examples to qualify. Both types may undergo significant modifications from the road car they are based on, but GT1 allows the use of exotic materials, better aerodynamics, larger brakes, wider tires and larger engine admission restrictors. For the 2006 season, the FIA created a new class called GT3. GT3 cars are even closer to their production counterparts and are very simply racetrack prepared with the essentials (rollcages for safety, stripped interiors, race spec fuel tanks, etc.). All cars are performance balanced together via different weights, restrictors, tyre pressures etc. Prestigious motorsports makes such as Aston Martin, Chevrolet, Dodge, Lamborghini, Ascari and Maserati take part in FIA GT3 European Championship, a support series in some rounds of the main championship. The FIA defines a GT car as "an open or closed automobile which has no more than one door on each side and a minimum of two seats situated one on each side of the longitudinal centre line of the car; these two seats must be crossed by the same transversal plane. This car must be able to be used perfectly legally on the open road, and adapted for racing on circuits or closed courses." All races in the FIA GT Championship were of endurance type, a full race distance lasting a minimum of 500 km or a maximum of three hours, with the exception of the Spa 24 Hours, Istanbul 2 hours and the exhibition Mil Milhas Brasileiras, which is run over a thousand miles (1609 km) and was planned to be a round of the championship in 2007. However, with the release of the 2007 FIA GT Championship schedule and rules, the FIA GT series becomes more of a sprint race event, with all races being a maximum of 2 hours with the exception of the Spa 24 Hours. In 1997, due to increasing interest from manufacturers such as Mercedes-Benz, Porsche and Panoz, the FIA took over control of the expanding BPR Global GT Series, standardizing the race-length at 500 km instead of the usual four hours, liberalizing the technical regulations and leaving commercial exploitation in the hands of one of BPR's founders, Stéphane Ratel, who managed to get TV support from the pan-European TV station Eurosport. The new manufacturers built "homologation specials", racing-bred cars that took full advantage of the new rules, to build quasi-prototypes with very limited production runs of 25 cars. Chrysler, Lister and Marcos, not wanting to accompany the cost escalation, moved down to the GT2 class. This proved to be the wisest move, as Mercedes completely dominated the new category and the other manufacturers pulled out after the end of the 1998 season. This left Chrysler's Viper to become the dominating car in the series, with the aging Porsche 993 GT2 and the Lister Storm providing a certain degree of competition. However, there was no lower inexpensive category for amateur drivers, and this led to the creation of the N-GT class in 2000. While the manufacturer field in the main class blossomed, the new category became swamped with Porsches and Ferraris, but lower running costs meant both classes enjoyed a balanced number of entries. In order to boost the championship's status, the SRO added the 24 Hours of Spa, previously a touring car race, to the calendar, where it became the series' most important race. The FIA also banned official manufacturer involvement, although certain teams had preferential treatment, with Porsche establishing a "round robin" system. After the end of the 2004 season, the FIA renamed the classes GT1 and GT2, and somewhat liberalized the GT1 regulations, allowing "supercars". While this was made to accommodate the Saleen S7, the biggest beneficiary was the purpose-built Maserati MC12, which lead the FIA to impose aerodynamic limitations on the Italian car. However, thanks to a weight penalty system, the fight for the championship is protected from more domineering cars. The level of competition remains tight, with gentlemen drivers managing to fight for the wins with professional drivers, some of them with Formula One experience. Following the 2009 season, the SRO announced that the FIA GT Championship's two categories, GT1 and GT2, would break off into separate series. The GT1 category became a world championship with rounds across the world. Cars which fit the GT1 class were eligible to race only in the FIA GT1 World Championship, as the ACO (organizer of the Le Mans 24 Hours) banned the cars from the event and all of its associated series. This meant that the category that once was eligible to race not only in the FIA GT, Le Mans Series and numerous national championships, was now only able to run in the new World Championship. The GT1 cars continued to race in the World Championship in 2010 and 2011, but in 2012 the series switched exclusively to GT3 machinery due to shrinking car counts and the fact that most of the cars were ageing and no one was willing to build new models. This meant that the San Luis round of the 2011 season was the last ever time GT1 cars contested in international motorsport. The 2012 FIA GT1 season was contested with GT3 cars (yet retaining GT1 in series' title), but the series was finally cancelled after the year had concluded, being replaced by the FIA GT Series. In 2010 the GT2 class was planned to have a separate championship having rounds held only in Europe, known as the FIA GT2 European Championship, but this series was cancelled. A lone GT2 event was held in 2010 at the Spa 24 Hours with the winners being awarded the FIA GT2 European Cup. This was the last ever time GT2-spec cars contested in SRO-sanctioned series. A new Blancpain Endurance Series was announced for 2011 which will re-establish some of the endurance format of the former FIA GT Championship, although this series will only utilize the FIA's GT3, GT4, and Supersports categories (GT2 was also planned to be in the series, but this was quickly folded as the interest level wasn't high). However, this series will not be an FIA-sanctioned championship. In 2012 the series abandoned the GT4 class and moved to GT3 exclusively. As of the end of the 2009 season, Vitaphone Racing Team have won their fifth consecutive Teams' Championship in the GT1 category, while AF Corse earned their fourth consecutive title. Michael Bartels and Andrea Bertolini, both driving for Vitaphone, earned their third Drivers' Championship titles in the past four seasons. Richard Westbrook of Prospeed Competition won the GT2 Drivers' Championship. Chris Niarchos won the Citation Cup while Ferrari won the returning Manufacturers' Championship for the GT2 category. </doc> <doc id="2345757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345757" title="Bering Land Bridge National Preserve"> Bering Land Bridge National Preserve The Bering Land Bridge National Preserve is one of the most remote United States national park areas, located on the Seward Peninsula. The National Preserve protects a remnant of the Bering Land Bridge that connected Asia with North America more than 13,000 years ago during the Pleistocene ice age. The majority of this land bridge now lies beneath the waters of the Chukchi and Bering Seas. During the glacial epoch this bridge was a migration route for people, animals, and plants whenever ocean levels fell enough to expose the land bridge. Archeologists disagree whether it was across this Bering Land Bridge, also called Beringia, that humans first migrated from Asia to populate the Americas, or whether it was via a coastal route. Bering Land Bridge National Monument was established in 1978 by Presidential proclamation under the authority of the Antiquities Act. The designation was modified in 1980 to a national preserve with the passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (ANILCA), which would allow both subsistence hunting by local residents and sport hunting. The preserve includes significant archaeological sites and a variety of geological features. The preserve has seen recent volcanic activity, with lava flows and lake-filled maars. Hot springs are a popular destination for tourists. The preserve lies on the northern side of the Seward Peninsula, with . The preserve extends along the coast from a point to the west of Deering along Goodhope Bay to Cape Espenberg, then westward along the shore of the Chukchi Sea. The boundary moves inland to avoid the village of Shishmaref and the Shishmaref Inlet, then rejoins the coast to include Ikpek Lagoon. A narrow corridor connects the Ikpek Lagoon section to the main preserve. The interior portions extend to and across the Continental Divide as far as the Bendeleben Mountains. The region around the continental divide includes volcanic areas such as Serpentine Hot Springs and lava fields between the Noxapaga River and the Kuzitrin River. The preserve's high point is Mount Boyan on the south border. There are no roads into the preserve. Access to the preserve is by bush planes or boats during summer months and by ski planes, snowmobiles or dog sleds during the winter. Bering Land Bridge National Preserve contains several sites of geological and prehistorical significance. Serpentine Hot Springs is the preserve's most visited location. Other notable locations in the preserve include the Trail Creek Caves, Devil Mountain Lakes, and the Lost Jim Lava Flow. The Seward Peninsula is a remnant of the Beringia subcontinent that linked Alaska and Siberia during periods of low sea levels during ice ages. The region was mostly untouched by glaciers during the ice age. The preserve lands can be described by five physiographic zones: the northern coastal plan, the rolling stream-dissected uplands, the Imuruk lava plateau, the Kuzitrin flats, and the Bendeleben Mountains. The Seward Peninsula is primarily composed of metamorphic blueschist, with deposits of sand, gravel, silt, loess and a few glacier-deposited moraines. The area around Cape Espenberg includes a series of relict beach ridges like those found farther north at Cape Krusenstern. These deposits are found mainly in the coastal plain, where they form a system of lagoons and barrier bars or spits. The rolling uplands lie inland and to the south of the coastal plain. The Serpentine Hot Springs and Trail Creek Caves are in this region of limestone, marble and other minerals. Volcanic activity in the interior has left areas of basalt on the Imuruk lava plateau. The volcanic activity has been recent — the Lost Jim lava flow is estimated to be only 1,000 to 2,000 years old, produced from around 75 vents. The largest vent is the Lost Jim Cone, about high. One remnant of volcanism is the presence of hot springs. The Serpentine Hot Springs produce water at a temperature of to , and have been used for millennia by local people. Granite tors are another volcanic remnant, formed underground and exposed by erosion. Bering Land Bridge has the four largest and northernmost maar lakes in the world, formed by phreatomagmatic eruptions leaving round craters. The ages of the lakes range from 100,000–200,000 years at Whitefish Maar, to 50,000 years at North Killeak Maar, 40,000 years at South Killeak Maar, and 17,500 years at Devil Mountain Maar. The action of ice and permafrost produces features such as polygonal ice wedges and pingos. Serpentine Hot Springs, previously known as Arctic Hot Springs, is located in the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve. The springs are also referred to as "Iyat," the Inupiaq word for cooking pot. Serpentine Hot Springs is on the northern part of the Seward Peninsula at 65°51′N, 164°43′W. The springs are situated on the right bank of Hot Springs Creek which flows to the Serpentine River, 47 miles NW of Imuruk Lake. Serpentine Hot Springs was originally described by Arthur J. Collier in U.S. Geological Survey Bulletin (1902). Collier noted that Charles McLennan, who with a dog team and Inupiat assistants, was probably the first white man to reach the hot springs in May, 1900. McLennan may have staked a mining claim nearby but left the country by September, 1901. Another miner, John Sirene, built a cabin and maintained a garden at the springs. Miners used the area intermittently until around 1915, when prospectors built a cabin, bathhouse, and a bathing pool that was 10 to 12 feet in diameter nearby. A runway may have been constructed in 1923 and a bunkhouse was dragged in by Alaska Road Commission workers in 1949. In 1953, the nearby village of Shishmaref received $53,000 in state funds to construct a public bath house. It is possible that the springs were used traditionally by Inupiat residents for cooking, for healing and spiritual purposes. Anthropologists who studied the Inupiat in the area reported local beliefs that the healing influences at the hot springs site was very strong. Most of the land in the preserve is tundra, underlain by permafrost. The tundra supports a variety of low and slow-growing plants. The landscape is dominated by grasses and sedges, such as cottongrass. Large trees cannot survive on the tundra. Tree species are limited to dwarf species like Arctic willow, Alaska willow and dwarf birch. Berry-bearing plants in the preserve include bog blueberry, crowberry, low-bush cranberry and cloudberry or salmonberry. Lichens are found in rocky areas, including "Cetraria", "Cladina", "Cladonia", "Xanthoria" and "Umbilicaria" genera. Mosses and liverworts in the preserve include "Sphagnum" peat mosses, "Aulacomnium" bog mosses, "Dicranum" forked mosses, "Polytrichum" haircap mosses and "Rhizomnium". In spring the preserve features a variety of wildflowers, including Alpine Arnica, fireweed, Kamchatka rhododendron, Labrador tea, monkshood, one-flowered cinquefoil, harebell and alpine forget-me-not. Caribou are survivors of the ice age environment in the preserve, together with reintroduced muskoxen. The muskoxen were reintroduced to the area in 1970, after being wiped out in the early 20th century. In addition to the native caribou, Siberian tundra reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus sibiricus") were introduced in 1894, reaching a peak population of 600,000 animals in the 1930s. The herd has since been reduced to about 4,000. The Reindeer Act of 1937 prohibited ownership by non-Native Americans, and the reduced herds were managed by natives from that time onward. Other mammals in the preserve are walruses, polar bears, red foxes, brown bears, Arctic foxes, ribbon seals, wolverines and beavers. Significant nesting bird species include sandhill cranes and yellow-billed loons. The Seward Peninsula's rivers and streams are habitat for freshwater fish and for anadromous salmon species. The principal salmon species are chinook, coho, sockeye, chum and pink salmon. Other salmonids such as Dolly Varden trout and Arctic grayling remain in freshwater throughout their life cycle. The preserve also harbors northern pike and other fish. The preserve has weather typical of northwestern Alaska, with long cold winters. Weather is moderated by the coastal location, but temperatures can reach in winter and typical low temperatures in winter are to . Summer temperatures average about . The average annual temperature is . An entire herd of 55 muskoxen died in a storm surge in the National Reserve in February 2011. The herd had been crossing a bay in the Kotzebue Sound, when it was surprised by a combination of a tidal surge and flooding in connection with a winter storm. When the tidal surge reached the herd, it broke the ice underneath it and the herd plunged into the icy water. The temperature was below –30 °C, and the whole herd was killed and frozen in the ice. Four of the animals had been fitted with radio collars, and they were found by researchers looking for their signals. In addition to their reintroduction to this national preserve, the remaining population of muskoxen are currently in Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve as well as a local farm in Palmer which has been existing since the mid-1950s. The Seward Peninsula, as part of Beringia, was a path for the migration of Asian peoples into the Americas. The earliest artifacts found in the area are modified animal bones dating to about 13,000 BC. These are not considered definitive, and the earliest undisputed evidence of human occupation are relics of the PaleoArctic tradition found in the Trail Creek Caves and dating to between 10,000 and 7,000 BC. Archaeological evidence suggests a gap in human occupation on the peninsula until about 4200 BC. Materials from the period 4000 to about 2000 BC, known as the Denbigh culture of the Arctic small tool tradition, have been found at Cape Espenberg, the Trail Creek Caves, Kuzitrin Lake and Agulaak Island. The Denbigh culture was followed by the Choris culture, which brought pottery and ground stone tools. Cape Espenberg, the Trail Creek Caves and the region around Lopp Lagoon were occupied during this time. This was followed by the Ipuitak culture from about 1900 BC to 1000 BC, at many of the same locations. The Northern Maritime tradition followed, comprising the Birnirk, Western Thule and Kotzebue Period cultures. This series of cultures spanned the period from 600 AD to the early 1800s, when traditional lifestyles were disrupted by the arrival of Europeans in the area. The fur trade, whaling and missionary activities changed the local economy, which was further altered in the late 19th century by the arrival of prospectors looking for gold on the southern side of the Seward Peninsula. Prospectors spread out across the peninsula, with hydraulic mining undertaken in the Pinnel River in the preserve. The Seward Peninsula saw a further influx of outsiders during World War II, since Alaska was an important theater of the Pacific war. Bering Land Bridge National Monument was established December 1, 1978, by President Jimmy Carter using his authority under the Antiquities Act. Carter took the action after the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (ANILCA) was held up in Congress. In 1980 ANILCA was passed, and was signed into law by Carter on December 2, 1980, converting the monument into a national preserve. The preserve's headquarters are in the Sitnasuak Building in Nome. </doc> <doc id="2345764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345764" title="Big Cypress National Preserve"> Big Cypress National Preserve Big Cypress National Preserve is a United States National Preserve located in southern Florida, about 45 miles (72 kilometers) west of Miami on the Atlantic coastal plain. The Big Cypress, along with Big Thicket National Preserve in Texas, became the first national preserves in the United States National Park System when they were established on October 11, 1974. In 2008, Florida film producer Elam Stoltzfus featured the preserve in a PBS documentary. Big Cypress borders the wet freshwater marl prairies of Everglades National Park to the south, and other state and federally protected cypress country in the west, with water from the Big Cypress flowing south and west into the coastal Ten Thousand Islands region of Everglades National Park. When Everglades National Park was established in 1947, Big Cypress was originally intended to be included; however, because the land had not been purchased from its private owners, Big Cypress was ultimately released from the park system. Big Cypress has a tropical savannah climate ("Aw" according to Köppen climate classification). Days are some of the hottest in Florida. January has an average high of and August has an average high of , while Miami averages , respectively. However, nights cool down into the 50s °F (low 10s °C) in winter. Means range from in January to in August. Highs exceed on 159 days per year, while they fall below on just 10. Hardiness zone is 10A, with an average annual minimum of . The lowest recorded daily high was in 2010, while the highest low on record was in 2005. Ecologically, the preserve is slightly more elevated than the western Everglades. Big Cypress was historically occupied by various cultures of Native Americans; the last were the Seminole of the nineteenth century. Their descendants include the federally recognized Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida and the Seminole Tribe of Florida. Early European-American settlers hunted herons and egrets, whose feathers were popular with 19th and 20th century hat-makers in New York and Paris. Poachers hunted American alligators and crocodiles to near extinction. When the timber industry began to operate in the area, it built railroads, and cut and hauled out most of the cypress ecosystem's old growth trees. Portions of the Big Cypress were farmed for winter vegetables. The search for oil in Florida began in 1901 with no success. After almost 80 more dry holes had been drilled throughout the state, on September 26, 1943, Humble Oil Company (later to become Exxon) discovered Florida's first producing oil well in the northwest portion of what is now Big Cypress National Preserve. The wells currently produce about 20 barrels of oil per day. Big Cypress National Preserve differs from Everglades National Park in that, when it was established by law in 1974, the Miccosukee, Seminole and Traditional people were provided with permanent rights to occupy and use the land in traditional ways; in addition, they have first rights to develop income-producing businesses related to the resources and use of the preserve, such as guided tours. They and other hunters may use off-road vehicles, and home and business owners have been permitted to keep their properties in the preserve. As in Everglades National Park, petroleum exploration was permitted within Big Cypress in the authorizing legislation, but plans are under way for the government to buy out the remaining petroleum leases in order to shut down non-governmental commercial access to the environment. In the 1960s, Native Americans, hunters, and conservationists succeeded at fighting an effort to move Miami International Airport's international flights to a new airport in the Big Cypress area. They followed up with a campaign to have Big Cypress included in the National Parks System. Although construction of the new airport had already begun, it was stopped after one runway was completed. It is now known as the Dade-Collier Training and Transition Airport. The preserve is highly diverse biologically. Dominated by a wet cypress forest, it is host to an array of flora and fauna, including mangroves, orchids, alligators, crocodiles, venomous snakes like the cottonmouth and eastern diamondback rattlesnake, a variety of birds, river otter, bobcat, coyote, black bear and cougar. The preserve is also home to federally listed endangered species including, the eastern indigo snake, and the Florida sandhill crane. Twelve campgrounds in Big Cypress are tailored to motor vehicles, where tourists planning overnight stays can park their vehicles and off-road vehicles in designated areas. The southern terminus of the Florida National Scenic Trail is located in Big Cypress, and provides hiking opportunities during the winter months. Hiking throughout Big Cypress is enjoyable in all seasons, with most of the cypress country more hospitable to hikers than the dense sawgrass prairies of the central Everglades. Some of the most beautiful wading and walking can be found in cypress strands and prairies between the Loop Road and the Tamiami Trail. Wildlife is abundant in the preserve. Most notable and regularly seen, the American Alligators can be up to around 12 feet in length. Another notable and endangered animal, the Florida Panther calls the Preserve home. Though both generally relatively timid, wading through the cypress country requires constant alertness. Before going out, visit one of the preserve's visitor centers for information on the current conditions and local trails. The visitor centers offer an educational video about the surroundings, also viewable on the Big Cypress YouTube channel. Rangers often lead swamp walk hikes in the dry winter months, as well as canoe trips, and boardwalk talks. Hunting is a long-established recreational activity in the area and is protected in the designation of the area as a Preserve. Hunters were instrumental in protecting this corner of remote, wild Florida. Hunting activities continue today and include seasons for archery, muzzle loading and general gun. Typical game species are white-tailed deer, turkey and hogs. Alligator hunting is not allowed within the national preserve. Hunting within the preserve is managed cooperatively between the National Park Service and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Touted as a "recreational paradise" by the Department of the Interior, Big Cypress was created in part to accommodate access with off-road vehicles (ORVs) by the hunters and the Miccosukee and Seminole people who had worked to protect Big Cypress from drainage and development. However, scientists and conservationists have noted an increase in ORV recreation that prompted the National Park Service in 2001 to proactively manage ORV recreation and to reduce of primary trails within the preserve, despite persistent calls for more from hunters and ORV enthusiasts. According to a 2001 study conducted by the United States Geological Survey, ORV use in Big Cypress National Preserve has impacted wildlife populations and habitats through modifications to water flow patterns (direction and velocity) and water quality, soil displacement and compaction, direct vegetation damage, disturbance to foraging individuals, and, ultimately, overall suitability of habitats for wildlife. Given these conclusions, environmental groups opposed the announcement by park officials in 2006 of a new study to determine whether the recreational benefit of more trails is worth the risk of additional damage to the ecosystem. </doc> <doc id="2345765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345765" title="Yukon–Charley Rivers National Preserve"> Yukon–Charley Rivers National Preserve Yukon–Charley Rivers National Preserve is a United States national park and preserve located in east central Alaska along the border with Canada. Managed by the National Park Service, the preserve encompasses 115 miles (185 km) of the 1,800-mile (3,000 km) Yukon River and the entire Charley River basin. The preserve protects the undeveloped Charley River and a significant portion of the upper Yukon. The interior Alaskan region experiences extremes of weather, with temperatures that can vary from in winter to in summertime. The Yukon provided a means of access to the region, which is entirely roadless, during the late 19th century and early 20th centuries. Gold rushes in Alaska brought prospectors, who operated gold dredges to recover significant quantities of placer gold from area creeks. Today the preserve includes part of the route of the annual Yukon Quest dogsled race, which runs every February. During the summer float trips are popular on the Yukon and Charley Rivers. No roads access Yukon–Charley Rivers National Preserve. The closest approaches by road are to the village of Eagle, upstream on the Yukon to the southeast of the preserve, on the Taylor Highway, and via the Steese Highway to Circle, downstream on the Yukon to the northwest of the preserve. Access from those points to the preserve is usually by air taxi or boat. The northern part of the preserve includes a portion of the Yukon River valley, which runs from east to west after entering Alaska from Canada near Eagle. The southern portion of the preserve includes the entire drainage of the Charley River, one of the Yukon's tributaries. The preserve adjoins Steese National Conservation Area to the west. The Charley River is designated a National Wild and Scenic River, largely undisturbed by people. The preserve and the Yukon valley lie between the Brooks Range to the north and the Alaska Range to the south. The highest elevations in the preserve are about in the headwaters of the Charley River, ranging to abuit where the Yukon leaves the preserve. The Yukon River is the main feature of the preserve, one of the largest rivers in North America. The Yukon's valley is bordered by bluffs and terraces along its course, representing river downcutting through alluvial deposits. The lowlands were never glaciated during the last ice age, but higher valleys did see glaciation, in which the ice-free land was mostly tundra. As the climate warmed, forests advanced from the south. The preserve's climate is subarctic at lower elevations, typically up to the timberline at to , and arctic at higher elevations. Winters extend from October to March, with temperatures that occasionally reach . Days are short, with about six hours of light. Summertime highs range between and and exceptional high temperatures of have been recorded. Summer nights in June and early July do not get fully dark, owing to the preserve's location close to the Arctic Circle. The majority of the preserve is taiga, or boreal forest, primarily black spruce, white spruce, with alder, willow, birch, cottonwood and polar. The preserve environment is a fire-dependent ecosystem, with a mosaic of burned and unburned lands. Hot summer temperatures and dry weather allow lightning strikes to start fires which maintain a diverse ecosystem. The Yukon is host to significant quantities of economically important fish. The chief salmon species in the portion of the Yukon that runs in the preserve are chinook, coho and chum. Large mammals in the preserve include timber wolf, black bear, Alaskan moose, caribou, and Dall's sheep. Other fish include Arctic grayling, northern pike, sheefish, burbot and whitefish. The best fishing is found along tributaries of the Yukon or near their mouths, where the brown, muddy water of the Yukon is more clear. As a consequence of Yukon-Charley Rivers' designation as a national preserve, both subsistence hunting by local residents and sport hunting are allowed within the preserve, subject to Alaskan game regulations. Camping is permitted on any publicly owned lands within the preserve. The Charley River can be floated from June through August. The majority of the river is rated at Class II, with some Class III and even Class IV during high water. Most of the rapids occur in the area of the bluffs where the river emerges into the main Yukon valley. The Yukon River can be floated from May to September. The most popular trip is from Eagle to Circle, a trip, averaging per day. Archaeological investigations in the Yukon valley have not been well-documented. Evidence from other portions of northern Alaska indicates that people lived in the area as early as 11,000 years before the present. Northern Athabaskan speakers moved into the region by about 1500 BP. One theory proposes that the eruption of the White River Ash about 1900 years ago from Mount Churchill in the St. Elias Mountains displaced people from the region of Kluane Lake into the relatively ash-free Yukon valley. The inhabitants of the upper Yukon valley just prior to historic times were the Hän people, descendants of the Athabaskan migrants. In 1886 gold was discovered on the Fortymile River, drawing prospectors to the Yukon. The influx of newcomers caused the Hän to resettle in towns, in many cases working for miners. Circle City was established in 1893, Seventymile in 1888 and Mission Creek, now Eagle in 1895, all as mining camps. A number of sites in the preserve were developed for mining during this period. The boom died down by 1902, but two large dredge operations continued at Coal Creek and Woodchopper Creek, with smaller claims at scattered sites. Numerous rustic cabins and historic sites are located in the preserve. One of the most significant sites is Slaven's Roadhouse, at Coal Creek, built by prospector Frank Slaven in 1932. Slaven lived there until 1938, after which Gold Placers, Inc. used the cabin as a bunkhouse and supply drop for their gold dredging operations on Coal Creek. The cabin continues to be used as a dog drop station during the Yukon Quest dogsled races each February. In the summer the cabin serves as a bunkhouse for visitors and Park Service personnel. The roadhouse is a contributing feature in the Coal Creek Historic Mining District, which encompasses a number of structures associated with coal dredge mining on Coal Creek. The district's centerpiece is the Coal Creek dredge, floating in the creek. The dredge was built in Oakland, California in 1935 and shipped to the site, operating from 1936 until 1977, having recovered $3,229,124.61 worth of gold. Biederman's Cabin is located nearby, where mail carrier Ed Biederman boarded dogs for miners and trappers during the summer, using two fish wheels to catch enough salmon to feed the dogs. Yukon-Charley Rivers National Monument was proclaimed on December 1, 1978, by President Jimmy Carter using his authority under the Antiquities Act. Carter took the action after the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (ANILCA) was held up in Congress. In 1980 ANILCA was passed, and was signed into law by Carter on December 2, 1980, converting the monument into a national preserve. The preserve's headquarters are in Fairbanks with a field office in Eagle. </doc> <doc id="2345779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345779" title="Hopewell Culture National Historical Park"> Hopewell Culture National Historical Park Hopewell Culture National Historical Park is a United States national historical park with earthworks and burial mounds from the Hopewell culture, indigenous peoples who flourished from about 200 BC to AD 500. The park is composed of six separate sites in Ross County, Ohio, including the former Mound City Group National Monument. The park includes archaeological resources of the Hopewell culture. It is administered by the United States Department of the Interior's National Park Service. In 2008, the Department of the Interior included Hopewell Culture National Historical Park as part of the Hopewell Ceremonial Earthworks, one of 14 sites on its tentative list from which the United States makes nominations for the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. From about 200 BC to AD 500, the Ohio River Valley was a central area of the prehistoric Hopewell culture. The term Hopewell (taken from the land owner who owned the land where one of the mound complexes was located) culture is applied to a broad network of beliefs and practices among different Native American peoples who inhabited a large portion of eastern North America. The culture is characterized by its construction of enclosures made of earthen walls, often built in geometric patterns, and mounds of various shapes. Visible remnants of Hopewell culture are concentrated in the Scioto River valley near present-day Chillicothe, Ohio. The most striking Hopewell sites contain earthworks in the form of squares, circles, and other geometric shapes. Many of these sites were built to a monumental scale, with earthen walls up to high outlining geometric figures more than across. Conical and loaf-shaped earthen mounds up to high are often found in association with the geometric earthworks. The people who built them had a detailed knowledge of the local soils, and they combined different types to provide the most stability to the works. It required the organized labor of thousands of man hours, as people carried the earth in handwoven baskets. Mound City, located on Ohio Highway 104 approximately north of Chillicothe along the Scioto River, is a group of 23 earthen mounds constructed by the Hopewell culture. Each mound within the group covered the remains of a charnel house. After the Hopewell people cremated the dead, they burned the charnel house. They constructed a mound over the remains. They also placed artifacts, such as copper figures, mica, projectile points, shells, and pipes in the mounds. European Americans first mapped the site in the 1840s. The archaeologists Ephraim George Squier and Edwin Hamilton Davis were the first excavators of the site and amassed a large collection of Mound artifacts that is now preserved at the British Museum. Much of it was destroyed during World War I when the United States Army constructed a military training base, Camp Sherman, on the site. After the war, they razed the camp. The Ohio Historical Society conducted an archaeological excavation of the site from 1920–1922, followed by reconstruction of the mounds. In 1923, the Department of Interior declared the Mound City Group a National Monument, to be administered by the Federal government. In 1992, Mound City Group was renamed and expanded as Hopewell Culture National Historic Park. Its definition included remnants of four other nearby earthwork and mound systems. Two Ross County sites are within a few miles of Mound City and open to the public. Seip Earthworks is located west of Chillicothe on U.S. Route 50. Hopewell Mound Group is the site of the 1891 excavation on the land of Mordecai Hopewell (for whom the culture is named). Hopeton Earthworks located across the Scioto River from Mound City and High Bank Works, which is closed to the public. The Ohio Historical Society also maintains a number of mound systems and elaborate earthworks in the southern Ohio area, including the National Historic Landmarks of Fort Ancient, Newark Earthworks, and Serpent Mound. Fifteen mound complexes earlier identified in the county have been lost to agriculture or urban development. The national park contains nationally significant archaeological resources, including large earthwork and mound complexes. These provide insight into the sophisticated and complex social, ceremonial, political, and economic life of the Hopewell people. The park visitor's center features museum exhibits with artifacts excavated from the Mound City Group, an orientation film, book sales area, and self-guided and guided tours. </doc> <doc id="2345780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345780" title="George Rogers Clark National Historical Park"> George Rogers Clark National Historical Park George Rogers Clark National Historical Park, located in Vincennes, Indiana, on the banks of the Wabash River at what is believed to be the site of Fort Sackville, is a United States National Historical Park. President Calvin Coolidge authorized a classical memorial and President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated the completed structure in 1936. On February 25, 1779, Lieutenant Colonel George Rogers Clark, older brother of William Clark, led the capture of Fort Sackville and British Lt. Governor Henry Hamilton as part of the celebrated Illinois Campaign, which lasted from 1778 to 1779. The heroic march of Clark's men from Kaskaskia on the Mississippi River in mid-winter and the subsequent victory over the British remains one of the most memorable feats of the American Revolution. In 1966, Indiana transferred the site to the National Park Service. Adjacent to the memorial is a visitor center which presents interpretive programs and displays. The center is situated on South 2nd Street in Vincennes. The site is located in the Vincennes Historic District. The memorial is placed at the believed site of Fort Sackville; no archeological evidence has shown the exact location, but it is undoubtedly within the park's boundaries. The episode being commemorated marked the finest moment in General George Rogers Clark's life. He was sent by the state of Virginia to protect its interest in the Old Northwest. His 1778-1779 campaign included the founding of Louisville, Kentucky and the capture of British forts in the lower Ohio and Mississippi valleys. Forces under Clark's command had captured Fort Sackville months before, but when notified that British forces under Henry Hamilton had retaken the fort, Clark led a desperate march to retake the fort again for the American cause, succeeding on February 25, 1779. This led to the newly formed United States claiming control of what would become the states of Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin in the 1783 Treaty of Paris. As Vincennes grew in the 1800s, it overran the site of Fort Sackville and its boundaries were lost. In 1905, the Daughters of the American Revolution placed a stone marker on what they believed was the location of the fort. In 1929, local residents made a major effort to commemorate the 150th anniversary of Clark's campaign. The state of Indiana chose to build a memorial to General Clark's triumph in the 1930s, with the assistance of the United States government; the various funds amounted to $2,500,000. The memorial was designed by New York architect Frederic Charles Hirons and dedicated June 14, 1936, by President Franklin Roosevelt. Though the National Park Service in 1976 called the finished memorial the "last major Classical style memorial" constructed in the United States, the New York State Memorial to Theodore Roosevelt at the American Museum of Natural History by John Russell Pope was also completed in 1936, and Pope's Jefferson Memorial in Washington, D.C. was completed 1939-1943, are of the same era. The memorial building is a circular granite structure surrounded by sixteen granite fluted Greek Doric columns in a peripteral colonnade, capped with a saucer dome of glass panels and resting on a stylobate. The north and east corners have restrooms and various maintenance rooms. Except for the maintenance rooms, these feature plastered walls and ceilings, marble wainscoting, and terrazzo flooring. Visitors enter the memorial by climbing thirty granite steps in the northwest corner. The basement is unfinished, with fluorescent lighting revealing a ceiling and walls of exposed concrete, and a dirt floor. Other prominent features in the park include Johns Angel's granite statue of Francis Vigo, a monument overlooking the Wabash River erected in 1934 that honors the Italian-American merchant who assisted General Clark. The adjacent grounds of the Basilica of St. Francis Xavier hold a 1934 by Albin Polasek honoring Father Pierre Gibault, another figure in the Revolutionary War. Raoul Josset designed the Lincoln Memorial Bridge across the Wabash River to compliment the memorial aesthetically. It includes relief carvings designed by a monument by Nellie Walker on the Illinois side of the bridge and celebrates the migration of Abraham Lincoln. A concrete floodwall that protects the memorial and Vincennes from Wabash flooding is also designed in a complimentary Classical style. The grounds also hold a memorial to the soldiers from Knox County who served in World War I, a marker denoting where Clark's headquarters probably stood during his siege of Fort Sackville, and the original Daughters of the American Revolution memorial, which has moved several times due to construction of the main memorial. Muralist Ezra Winter executed a series of seven murals for the building. The park was authorized by the Act of July 23, 1966 (PL 89-517). This law (Appendix A) contains three provisions. The first authorized the Secretary of the Interior to accept from the State of Indiana, the donation of the Clark Memorial and surrounding grounds for a national park. This was accomplished within one year of the law's enactment. The second provision permits the Secretary to enter into cooperative agreements with the owners of other historic properties in Vincennes which are associated with George Rogers Clark and the Northwest Territory. Such properties would become part of the park, and the Secretary could assist in their preservation, renewal and interpretation. The third provision requires the Secretary to administer, protect, develop and maintain the park in accordance with the provisions of the act of August 25, 1916, which established the National Park Service. George Rogers Clark NHP was established to commemorate the accomplishments of George Rogers Clark and the expansion of the United States into the Northwest Territory; to commemorate this story and its significance to the American people; and to cooperate in the preservation, renewal and interpretation of the sites and structures in Vincennes associated with this story. The park also commemorates the actions of Father Pierre Gibault and Francis Vigo who sided with Clark against the British. The park is located on the site of Fort Sackville which Clark captured from the British during the American Revolution on February 25, 1779. The victory extended American land claims in the Ohio Valley and contributed to the United States acquisition of the Northwest Territory in the 1783 Treaty of Paris. No structures dating from the Revolution exist in the park today. The historical theme represented by George Rogers Clark NHP is the "Revolution, War in the Frontier," according to 1987 History and Prehistory in the National Park System and the National Historic Landmarks Program. August 9, 2008, George Rogers Clark National Historical Park closed for 13-months to complete a three-million-dollar renovation by Frontier Waterproofing, Inc out of Denton, Texas. Park Superintendent Dale Phillips said, "This is a once-in-a-lifetime restoration project, and is critically needed for the long-term preservation of the Clark Memorial". The main goal was to fix the drainage of the terrace, which has leaked since the 1930s, and renovate the access steps. The monument reopened September 24, 2009, and was rededicated on October 3, 2009. The 2009 Spirit of Vincennes Rendezvous was not impacted by the renovation. Work during the renovation included demolition and installation of new parapets and rustications; repair of wall cracks; removal, temporary storage, and numbering of approximately 1,000 large granite paving stones; installation of new waterproofing on the existing concrete structural deck of the plaza and the monuments stylobate; cleaning and repair of the granite stone, steps, and veneer; installation of a new exposed aggregate concrete walking surface around the Monument plaza; and replacing the existing sprinkler system and landscaping elements. This repaired problems first identified in a 1939 structural inspection. George Rogers Clark National Historical Park was honored on an America the Beautiful Quarter representing Indiana in 2017. </doc> <doc id="2345789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345789" title="Harpers Ferry National Historical Park"> Harpers Ferry National Historical Park Harpers Ferry National Historical Park is located at the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah rivers in and around Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. The park includes land in Jefferson County, West Virginia; Washington County, Maryland and Loudoun County, Virginia. The park is managed by the National Park Service, an agency of the U.S. Department of the Interior. Originally designated as a National Monument in 1944, the park was declared a National Historical Park by the U.S. Congress in 1963. The park includes the historic town of Harpers Ferry, notable as a center of 19th-century industry and as the scene of John Brown's abolitionist uprising. Consisting of almost , it includes the site of which Thomas Jefferson once wrote, "The passage of the Potomac through the Blue Ridge is perhaps one of the most stupendous scenes in Nature" after visiting the area in 1783. Due to a mixture of historical events and ample recreational opportunities, all within 50 miles (80 km) of Washington, D.C., the park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966. The Park's Superintendent is presently Tyrone Brandyburg. The park was originally planned as a memorial to John Brown, responsible for what is by far the most famous incident in Harpers Ferry's history. "NPS officials in the 1930s focused on John Brown's Raid and the Civil War to justify acquiring parts of Harpers Ferry for a historical and military park." Like the figure of John Brown himself, this proved enormously controversial, with opposition from the United Daughters of the Confederacy and the Sons of Confederate Veterans. Today (2018) John Brown is not mentioned on the Park's home page, nor is there even a link to information about him. Native American history in the region dates back to at least 8,000 years ago. The Tuscarora people were the last of the native peoples known to inhabit the area in large numbers, essentially vanishing in the early 18th century. One of these European immigrants, Robert Harper, obtained a patent for the land from the Virginia legislature in 1751. Note that prior to 1863, West Virginia was still a part of Virginia. The town was originally known as Shenandoah Falls at Mr. Harper's Ferry (1763) due to the ferry business Robert Harper managed and operated. Today, the original house built by Robert Harper is the oldest remaining structure in the lower part of the park. George Washington visited the area during his trip to the rivers' confluence in 1785, searching for a waterway to ship goods westward. Later, Washington began the construction of the federal Harpers Ferry Armory on the site, utilizing waterpower from the rivers for manufacturing purposes. Meriwether Lewis, under government contract, procured most of the weaponry and associated hardware that would be needed for the Lewis and Clark Expedition at the armory in Harpers Ferry. Blacksmiths also built a collapsible iron boat frame for the expedition. Between the years 1820 to 1840, John H. Hall worked to perfect the manufacturing of interchangeable parts at the armory. Utilizing precision molds and jigs, this was one of the birthplaces of precision manufacturing so that armaments and related mechanical equipment could be standardized and parts would be interchangeable. Subsequently, the development of the modern bullet to replace the round lead slug was achieved by James H. Burton and this improvement was adopted by the U.S. Army in 1855. Employing at times up to 400 workers, the armory produced over half a million muskets and rifles between 1801 and 1860. Abolitionist John Brown led an armed group in the capture of the armory in 1859. Brown had hoped he would be able to arm the slaves and lead them against U.S. forces in a rebellion to overthrow slavery. After his capture in the armory by a group of Marines (led by U.S. Army Colonel Robert E. Lee), Brown was hanged, predicting in his last words that civil war was looming on the horizon, a prediction that came true less than two years later. The most important building remaining from John Brown's raid is the firehouse, now called John Brown's Fort where he resisted the Marines. The American Civil War (1861–1865) found Harpers Ferry right on the boundary between the Union and Confederate forces. The strategic position along this border and the valuable manufacturing base was a coveted strategic goal for both sides, but particularly the South due to its lack of manufacturing centers. Consequently, the town exchanged hands no less than eight times during the course of the war. Union forces abandoned the town immediately after the state of Virginia seceded from the Union, burning the armory and seizing 15,000 rifles. Colonel Thomas J. Jackson, who would later become known as "Stonewall", secured the region for the Confederates a week later and shipped most of the manufacturing implements south. Jackson spent the next two months preparing his troops and building fortifications, but was ordered to withdraw south and east to assist P.G.T. Beauregard at the First Battle of Bull Run. Union troops returned in force, occupying the town and began to rebuild parts of the armory. Stonewall Jackson, now a major general, returned in September 1862 under orders from Robert E. Lee to retake the arsenal and then to join Lee's army north in Maryland. Jackson's assault on the Federal forces there, during the Battle of Harpers Ferry led to the capitulation of 12,500 Union troops, which was the largest number of Union prisoners taken at one time during the war. The town exchanged hands several more times over the next two years. Storer College was built in Harpers Ferry as one of the first integrated schools in the U.S. Frederick Douglass served as a trustee of the college, and delivered a memorable oration on the subject of John Brown there in 1881. Subsequent rulings known as Jim Crow Laws led other African American leaders such as Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois to hold the second Niagara Movement (an early form of the NAACP) conference at the school in 1906 to discuss ways to peacefully combat legalized discrimination and segregation. After the end of school segregation in 1954, Storer College closed the following year. What remains of the Storer College campus is now administered by the National Park Service, as part of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, Harpers Ferry Center, and the Stephen T. Mather Training Center. Several historical museums now occupy restored 19th century buildings in the Lower Town Historic District of Harpers Ferry. Nearly half a million people visit the park each year. (In comparison, 15 million people visit Washington, DC, each year.) North of the park and across the Potomac from Harpers Ferry is the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park. The canal, which operated from 1828 to 1924, provided a vital waterway link with areas up and downstream prior to and during the early years after the arrival of the railroad. Today, the canal towpath and park, which provide access to the Maryland Heights section of the Harpers Ferry N.H.P., can be accessed by foot from Harpers Ferry via a footbridge constructed by the National Park Service alongside tracks on the railroad bridge over the Potomac, or via car by traveling east from Harpers Ferry on U.S. Route 340 to access points near Sandy Hook, Maryland. Aside from the extensive historical interests of the park, recreational opportunities include fishing, boating, and whitewater rafting as well as hiking, with the Appalachian Trail passing right through the park. The park adjoins the Harpers Ferry Historic District, as well as two other National Register of Historic Places locations: St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church and the B & O Railroad Potomac River Crossing. In June 6, 2016, the Harpers Ferry National Historical Park was featured on the third 2016 release of the America the Beautiful Quarters series. In the middle of the quarter is a depiction of John Brown's Fort, while the outside has the year (2016), location (Harpers Ferry), and the state (West Virginia). This specific coin is the 33rd park quarter to be released in the America the Beautiful Park Quarter series. The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved of the battlefield in nine acquisitions. Most of that land has been sold or conveyed to the National Park Service and incorporated into the park. The Lower Town points of interest are clustered where the Shenandoah River meets the Potomac River, and run along Shenandoah Street, Potomac Street and High Street. </doc> <doc id="2345798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345798" title="Hersal Thomas"> Hersal Thomas Hersal Thomas (September 9, 1906 – June 2, 1926) was an American blues pianist and composer. He recorded a number of sides for Okeh Records in 1925 and 1926. Thomas was born in Houston, Texas, United States, and displayed an early talent for blues playing and composition. He was one of several musicians in his family. His brother George Washington Thomas was also a skilled piano player and composer, while his sister Sippie Wallace and niece Hociel Thomas were singers of note. Though he died at a young age, Thomas was nonetheless an influence on the Chicago boogie woogie school of pianists. Albert Ammons and Meade Lux Lewis both cited him as an influence. His most famous track was "Suitcase Blues" (8958-A Okeh 8227), which was issued on CD in 1992 as part of the box set, "". The Thomas brothers also co-wrote "The Fives", which Ammons and Lewis cited as an essential boogie-woogie number. Thomas recorded under his own name, and as an accompanist to Hociel Thomas, Sippie Wallace, Lilian Miller and possibly, Sodarisa Miller. In 1926, he recorded a session with Hociel Thomas and Louis Armstrong. The songs recorded on that occasion were "Deep Water Blues" (9519-A Okeh 8297), "Lonesome Hours" (9522-A Okeh 8297), "Listen To Ma" (9521-A Okeh 8346), and "G'wan, I Told You" (9520-A Okeh 8346). The first three are listed as having been composed by "Thomas", though it is not clear if this refers to Hersal or his brother. He also worked in session with King Oliver. Sippie Wallace recorded seven of his compositions: "A Jealous Woman Like Me", "A Man For Every Day Of The Week", "Dead Drunk Blues", "Have You Ever Been Down?", "I Feel Good", "Shorty George Blues" and "Trouble Everywhere I Roam". Thomas died of food poisoning while working at Penny's Pleasure Inn in Detroit, Michigan. The circumstances of his death have never been clarified. </doc> <doc id="2345799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345799" title="Rick Mirer"> Rick Mirer Richard Franklin Mirer (born March 19, 1970) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League. After a successful collegiate career at the University of Notre Dame, Mirer was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks with the second pick in the 1993 NFL Draft. Mirer was traded to the Chicago Bears during the off-season in 1997. Mirer's last NFL experience was as the backup quarterback for the Detroit Lions in 2004. In his career, Mirer also played for the New York Jets, San Francisco 49ers, and Oakland Raiders. Mirer also currently co-owns a winery in Napa County, California called Mirror Wine Company. A percentage of the proceeds from wine sales benefit his Mirer Family Foundation, founded in 1996. Mirer was born in Goshen, Indiana. At age eight, he competed in the National Punt, Pass and Kick Competition. His father, Ken, was head coach at Goshen High School in Goshen, Indiana but retired before Mirer made the varsity team. Mirer posted 3,973 yards and 30 touchdowns in his senior year, 2nd most in national prep history, and eclipsing Jeff George's Indiana High School passing records. Earned Academy of Achievement Award as the top high school football player in the country in 1989, along with being the winner of the Atlanta Touchdown Club's Bobby Dodd Award as the nation's best high school quarterback. Mirer attended the University of Notre Dame from 1989–1992, accumulating a 29–7–1 record as starter – including 3 bowl games. He began his tenure serving as backup to Tony Rice, then took the reins of the Notre Dame offense in 1990 and led the team to the Orange Bowl. In 1991, Mirer set the single season touchdown record with 18 and was named co-MVP with teammate Jerome Bettis leading Notre Dame past Florida in the 1992 Sugar Bowl. He finished his career at Notre Dame by leading them to victory in the 1993 Cotton Bowl Classic. Mirer accounted for more points running and throwing (350) than any other player in Notre Dame history. He left Notre Dame 1st in career touchdowns with 41, and 2nd all time for total offense, completions, and passing yards; he was invited to play in the East-West Shrine Bowl, and Hula Bowl. Entering the 1993 Draft, he was hyped as the next Joe Montana, who also played college football at Notre Dame. In 2008, Mirer was inducted into the Indiana Football Hall of Fame. Mirer was selected with the second overall pick in the 1993 draft by the Seattle Seahawks. He signed a five-year, $15 million contract. In his rookie year under head coach Tom Flores, he set all-time NFL rookie records for attempts, completions and yards (excluding rookies such as Jim Kelly, Warren Moon, or Dieter Brock, who all had several years of professional experience prior to the NFL), and became only the 3rd rookie quarterback since 1970 to start all of his team's games. He finished his rookie season 5th in the AFC with 274 completions and 2833 yards. He was also runner up in the offensive rookie of the year voting, finishing behind his former backfield teammate from Notre Dame, Jerome Bettis. Those rookie records were eventually broken by Peyton Manning. On February 18, 1997 Mirer was traded with a 4th round pick in the 1997 NFL draft to the Chicago Bears for their 1st round draft pick, later packaged in a trade to the Atlanta Falcons to move up to 3rd overall that year to select Shawn Springs. Mirer signed a three-year, $11.4 million contract with the Bears, but played only seven games with three starts in the 1997 season. Mirer requested to be released by the Bears in the beginning of the 1998 season, and signed with the Green Bay Packers. Mirer never played a down for Green Bay, which was led by Brett Favre, and was later traded to the New York Jets in 1999 where he replaced an injured Vinny Testaverde as the Jets starter only to be replaced himself by Ray Lucas due to inefficient play. In 2000, he was signed by the San Francisco 49ers to compete with Jeff Garcia. In 2002, Mirer became the a backup for the Oakland Raiders, and became the starter for part of 2003. In 2004. Mirer was signed by the Detroit Lions, but saw no playing time. Mirer had a 63.5 passer rating, 11,969 passing yards, and 50 touchdown passes before he retired in 2004. Although playing for several teams that did make the playoffs during his career, Mirer never played a single down in the postseason. Mirer posted a 24–44 record as regular season starter in 12 seasons in the NFL. He has career single game highs of 287 yards passing and three touchdowns. </doc> <doc id="2345801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345801" title="Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement and National Historical Park"> Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement and National Historical Park Kalaupapa National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park located in Kalaupapa, Hawaii, on the island of Molokai. Coterminous with the boundaries of Kalawao County and primarily on Kalaupapa peninsula, it was established by Congress in 1980 to expand upon the earlier National Historic Landmark site of the Kalaupapa Leper Settlement. It is administered by the National Park Service. Its goal is to preserve the cultural and physical settings of the two leper colonies on the island of Molokai, which operated from 1866 to 1969 and had a total of 8500 residents over the decades. More than 7300 people live on the remainder of the island, which was a site of cattle ranching and pineapple production for decades. Much of these lands were purchased and controlled by the owners and developers of Molokai Ranch. This part of the island is also a tourist destination. Archeological evidence has revealed human habitation by indigenous peoples for more than 900 years before European contact. The peninsula has house sites, cultivated taro fields and irrigation systems, stone walls, and temples (heiau), all constructed by ancient residents. "Historical accounts from the early to mid-1800s speak of populations of 1,000 to 2,700 people living on the peninsula, in the valleys, and in the villages" but by 1853, there were only about 140 people remaining after epidemics of Eurasian diseases. In 1865 the Kingdom legislature passed a law to try to prevent transmission of leprosy, now known as Hansen's disease after the scientist who discovered the bacterium. The disease had been introduced to the islands about 1830 by foreign workers. At the time it was incurable. Sugar planters had brought pressure on the government as they were worried about the labor supply. The government arranged for Native Hawaiian inhabitants to be removed from the Kalaupapa to prepare for its development as an isolation settlement for persons with severe leprosy. This cut off the island people's cultural ties and associations with the aina (land), which had been established for centuries. Bringing patients to the isolation settlements, first at Kalawao and then at Kalaupapa, led to broader dislocations across Hawaiian society. In the long term many families were affected and some divided when a member contracted leprosy. The governments of the Kingdom, and subsequently, the Territory and State of Hawaii tried to control leprosy (also known as Hansen's disease), a much feared illness, by relocating patients with severe symptoms to the isolated peninsula. Other patients were treated in quarantine at facilities on the main islands; but families were still broken up in the process. The first settlement was started on the windward side at Kalawao, followed by one at Kalaupapa. In 1890 a total of 1100 persons with leprosy were living here, the peak of resident population. In those years, they generally had to leave family behind on other islands. The effects of both the broken connections with the aina and of family members "lost" to Kalaupapa are still felt in Hawaii today. The settlements were administered by the Board of Health, with local financial control held by Rudolph Meyer, a German immigrant who worked for the Moloka'i Ranch and lived on the island. Local supervision for decades was by superintendents of Hawaiian and part-Hawaiian ancestry, some appointed from among the patients or family members with persons with leprosy. While there were never many medical staff, Belgian missionary priests from the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary were among those who cared for persons with leprosy on Molokai. The most well-known was Belgian-born Father Damien, who served there from 1873 to his death in 1889. For his charity he was canonized by the Roman Catholic Church as a saint in 2009, the 10th person recognized in what is now the United States. Among other missionaries and caregivers, Damien was joined in 1883 by Mother Marianne Cope, a nun and administrator of St. Joseph's Hospital in Syracuse, New York. She was a member of the Sisters of St Francis of Syracuse, and brought six sisters with her to the islands to aid in the care of persons with leprosy and develop the medical facilities. She lived and worked there until her death in 1918. In 2012 she was canonized as a saint by the Catholic Church. Also serving in the colony was Brother Joseph Dutton, who went to Molokai in 1886 to aid the dying Father Damien. After Father Damien's death Dutton founded the Baldwin Home for Men and Boys in Kalawao. The Congregation of the Sacred Hearts continued to have brothers who devoted their lives to work on Molokai and assist the residents. From the late 20th century, recent figures included Henri Systermans and Fr. Joseph Hendricks, whose death in November 2008 marked the end of this 140-year-old tradition. Hansen's disease, found in 1873 to be caused by a bacterium, has been curable since the 1940s with the use of modern antibiotics. There are no active cases of Hansen's disease among residents of the Kalaupapa settlement or on the island of Molokai. After the settlement officially closed, residents of the former colony were allowed to stay if they chose to do so. They and their descendant families who wish to continue to live in the neighborhood of housing maintained on the peninsula. Kalaupapa National Historical Park, established in 1980, preserves the physical settings of the historic Hansen's disease settlements of Kalawao and Kalaupapa. The community of Kalaupapa, on the leeward side of Kalaupapa Peninsula, is still home for a few elderly surviving former Hansen's disease patients. Some were disfigured by the disease before being cured and wanted to continue refuge here. They have shared their memories and experiences of their ordeals and of life on the island. Surviving structures at Kalawao, on the windward side of the peninsula, are the Protestant church of Siloama, established in 1866, and Saint Philomena Catholic Church, which is associated with the work of St. Father Damien. </doc> <doc id="2345806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345806" title="Honokōhau Settlement and Kaloko-Honokōhau National Historical Park"> Honokōhau Settlement and Kaloko-Honokōhau National Historical Park Kaloko-Honokōhau National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park located in the Kona District on the Big island of Hawaii in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It includes the National Historic Landmarked archaeological site known as the Honokōhau Settlement. The park was established on November 10, 1978, for the preservation, protection and interpretation of traditional native Hawaiian activities and culture. Kaloko and Honokōhau are the names of two of the four different "ahupuaa", or traditional mountain-to-sea land divisions encompassed by the park. Although in ancient times this arid area of lava rock was called "kekaha aole wai" (lands without water), the abundant sea life attracted settlement for hundreds of years. Kaloko (meaning "the pond" in the Hawaiian language) is a site of fishponds used in ancient Hawaii is on the North end of the park. The first reference to the pond comes from the story of Kamalalawalu, about 300 years ago. The "kuapā" (seawall) is over 30 feet wide and 6 feet high, stretching for 750 feet. Constructed by hand without mortar, the angle and gaps between the stones deflected the surf better than many modern concrete seawalls. Aimakapā fishpond is an important wetland area protecting native birds including the "koloa maoli" (Hawaiian duck, "Anas wyvilliana"), "alae keokeo" (Hawaiian coot, "Fulica alai"), "āeo" (Hawaiian stilt, "Himantopus mexicanus knudseni"), "aukuu" (black-crowned night heron, "Nycticorax nycticorax"), among others. The area is currently under reforestation, after the removal of non-native invasive plants. It was added to the Register of Historic Places in 1978 as site 78003148. Honokōhau means "bay drawing dew" and refers to the ancient settlement on the south part of the park. This area can be reached via trails from the park visitor's center, or from the small boat harbor access road on Kealakehe Parkway. Features include "loko ia" (Ancient Hawaiian aquaculture fishponds), "kahua" (house site platforms), "kii pōhaku" (petroglyphs), "hōlua" (stone slides) and "heiau" (religious sites). The Aiopio Fishtrap is a pond, with a stone wall forming an artificial enclosure along the naturally curved shoreline of a bay. Small openings allowed young fish to enter from the sea, but as they grew larger (or at low tide) they were easily caught with nets inside the trap as needed. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1966 as site 66000287. Several restored trails include about one mile of the Māmalahoa Trail. It was built in the mid-19th century, and evolved over the years into the Hawaii Belt Road which encircles the entire island. The coastal trail is part of the Ala Kahakai National Historic Trail. The Honokōhau boat harbor provides a launching area for traditional canoes, fishing boats, Scuba diving and snorkeling tours of the area. </doc> <doc id="2345812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345812" title="Keweenaw National Historical Park"> Keweenaw National Historical Park Keweenaw National Historical Park is a unit of the U.S. National Park Service. Established in 1992, the park celebrates the life and history of the Keweenaw Peninsula in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. As of 2009, it is a partly privatized park made up of two primary units, the Calumet Unit and the Quincy Unit, and 21 cooperating "Heritage Sites" located on federal, state, and privately owned land in and around the Keweenaw Peninsula. The National Park Service owns approximately in the Calumet and Quincy Units. Units are located in Baraga, Houghton, Keweenaw, and Ontonagon counties. The Congressional legislation establishing the Park stated, among other things, that: (1) The oldest and largest lava flow known on Earth is located on the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan. This volcanic activity produced the only place on Earth where large scale economically recoverable 97 percent pure native copper is found. (2) The Keweenaw Peninsula is the only site in the country where prehistoric aboriginal mining of copper occurred. Artifacts made from this copper by these ancient Indians were traded as far south as present day Alabama. The Keweenaw Peninsula is the site of the most extensive known deposits of native copper in the world. Occurring here in relatively pure form, the red metal could be broken out of the rock and worked to make a wide variety of products, from jewelry and tools by its earliest miners to coins and electric wire by its final generations. Keweenaw copper was mined for approximately 7,000 years, from 5000 BCE until 1968. During the period for which records were kept, 1840–1968, more than 11 billion pounds (5 million metric tons) of copper were mined here. During the peak production years of World War I, 1916–1917, the annual copper yield reached a maximum of 270 million pounds (125,000 t). "(7) The entire picture of copper mining on Michigan's Keweenaw Peninsula is best represented by three components: the Village of Calumet, the former Calumet and Hecla Mining Company properties (including the Osceola #13 mine complex), and the former Quincy Mining Company properties. The Village of Calumet best represents the social, ethnic and commercial themes. Extant Calumet and Hecla buildings best depict corporate paternalism and power, and the themes of extraction and processing are best represented by extant structures of the Quincy Mining Company." Two ethnic groups, the Cornish and the Finns, are especially important in the heritage of the Keweenaw National Historical Park. When news of the region's rich native copper was first widely published in the 1830s, many families from the English county of Cornwall immigrated to the Upper Peninsula, bringing the Cornish pasty and their region's knowledge of hard-rock mining with them. Several park Heritage Sites, including the log cabin village of "Old Victoria," recall Cornish heritage in the region. Later in the 1800s, many families from Finland emigrated to the United States. Until 1918, Finland belonged to Russia as a Grand Duchy. A large percentage of these Finns settled in the Western Upper Peninsula because of perceived similarities between their old and new homes, and found work in the Keweenaw. Finnish saunas can still be found throughout the area. Several park Heritage Sites, including the "Hanka Homestead", recall the Finnish influx. The Calumet Unit of the Keweenaw National Historical Park includes many sites in and around the villages of Calumet and Laurium, which are not ghost towns but operating human communities that have survived the shutdown of their parent employer, the Calumet and Hecla Mining Company, in 1968. By digging shafts into the rock, the men and owners of the Calumet & Hecla found geological formations of rock laced with nuggets of almost pure copper. The Calumet & Hecla was the richest of the separate copper mines of the Keweenaw, and the towns built at the mine head reflect its productivity. A 1,200-seat opera house, large churches built of Lake Superior brownstone, and mansions built by the mining bosses survive as memories of the Calumet mine's glory years. The Quincy Unit of the Keweenaw National Historical Park commemorates one of the most remarkable feats of engineering in northern Michigan, the deep Quincy Mine shaft. Nicknamed "Old Reliable" for its record of paying annual dividends for decades, the Quincy mine enjoyed a position on the rich copper rock of the Pewabic Lode. A private preservation foundation maintains the Quincy Mine's surface mine hoist, which is the largest steam-powered hoist in the world. As of 2013, the Keweenaw National Historical Park operates in cooperation with 21 heritage sites in the Keweenaw Peninsula and nearby. The heritage site system was established in 2007 with an original set of 19 sites. In October 2013, two new sites were added: Houghton's Carnegie Museum and the Michigan Technological University Archives. The Adventure Mining Company is located at 200 Adventure Avenue in Greenland, Michigan. The Adventure Mine operated in Greenland from 1850 until 1920, and consisted of five shafts, one of which descended beneath the surface. Although the site seemed promising, the mine never turned a profit. The Adventure Mining Company currently offers tours of the surface and underground portions of the Adventure Mine. The A.E. Seaman Mineral Museum was located on the Fifth Floor of Electrical Resource Center at Michigan Technological University in Houghton, Michigan. As of 2011, it is now located across from the Advanced Technology Development Complex. The museum is named for Arthur Edmund Seaman, who worked at Michigan Tech in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and was the museum's curator from 1928–1937. The mineral collection was established in the 19th century, and by 1890 numbered 27,000 specimens. A museum to house the collection was constructed in 1908. The museum has since moved several times, and the collection has grown to over 30,000 specimens, of which 8,000 are on display. The museum features an extensive mineral collection and exhibits on copper formation, and has the world's best collection of crystallized native copper and native copper in crystallized calcite. The Carnegie Museum in Houghton is a former Carnegie library and former home of the Portage Lake District Library. It is currently a museum focusing on local history. The Calumet Theatre is located at 340 Sixth Street in Calumet, Michigan, within the park's Calumet Unit. The theatre was built in 1899, and it the oldest municipal theatre in the country. The theatre originally housed live theatre, attracting notable performers such as Frank Morgan (later famous for his roles in "The Wizard of Oz"), Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., Lon Chaney, Sr., John Philip Sousa, Sarah Bernhardt, and Madame Helena Modjeska among others. However, in the late 1920s, the theatre converted to a movie house, serving in this medium until the 1950s. Summer stock theatre was brought back to the Calumet Theater in 1958, and performed there every summer until 1968, and returned in 1972. In 1975, the auditorium was restored for the centennial of Calumet. In 1988−89, the exterior of the theatre was restored. In 1983, the Calumet Theatre Company was incorporated as a non-profit organization. The staff consists mostly of volunteers, though there are eight full-time staff members. Today, the Calumet Theatre is home to as many as 80 theatre-related events a year, with an estimated 20,000 people attending. The Chassell Heritage Center is located at 42373 Hancock Street in Chassell, Michigan. The heritage center, located in a 1917 elementary school building, features exhibits that trace Chassell's history from a fishing and lumber town up to the present. It includes the Chassell Township Museum and the Friends of Fashion Vintage Clothing Collection The Copper Range Historical Museum is located Trimountain Avenue in South Range, Michigan. The museum is located in an old bank building and features exhibits on the Copper Range Company. The Coppertown USA Museum is located at 25815 Red Jacket Road in Calumet, Michigan, within the park's Calumet Unit. Coppertown USA is housed within the Calumet & Hecla Mining Company's old pattern shop. Exhibits span the range of the copper mining timeline, from prehistoric times to the present, but concentrate on the operations of the Calumet & Hecla Mining Company. The Delaware Copper Mine is located off U.S. Highway 41 (US 41), south of Copper Harbor, Michigan. The Delaware Copper Mine provides tours of one of the oldest copper mines in the Keweenaw, dating back to 1846. The mine had five shafts, with the deepest reaching . The mine is open June through October and offers guided and self-guided tours. The Finnish American Heritage Center & Historical Archive is located at 601 Quincy Street on the campus of Finlandia University in Hancock, Michigan. The Finnish American Heritage Center includes a theater, an art gallery, and Historical Archives which house the largest collection of Finnish-North American materials in the world. The Finnish American Heritage Center links the Finnish community in America to the one in Finland through exhibits on Finnish history and tradition. The associated Historical Archive houses the largest collection of Finnish-North American materials in the world. This collection, established in 1932, currently houses 20,000 items, including genealogical resources, information about Finnish culture, artifacts, and Finnish-American artwork. Fort Wilkins Historic State Park is located on US 41 in Copper Harbor, Michigan. The fort was built in 1844, and provided order and protected the Keweenaw's copper resources during the Civil War. The park also contains one of the first lighthouses on Lake Superior, and offers camping, fishing, hiking, swimming, and biking, and day-use facilities. The Hanka Homestead is located approximately west of U.S. Highway 41, off Tower Road in Pelkie, Michigan. The Hanka Homestead is a Finnish-American "stump farm" homestead originally settled around the turn of the twentieth century. The farm was lived in by members of the Hanka family until 1966; the farm has been restored to its appearance in 1920. The Houghton County Historical Museum is located at 5500 M-26 in Lake Linden, Michigan. The museum houses over 100 years of photographs and artifacts with three floors of exhibits of local Copper Country mining, logging and cultural history. In addition, the Houghton County Historical Museum runs the narrow gauge Lake Linden & Torch Lake Railroad, the Traprock Valley School House (a one-room school), the First Congregational Church in Lake Linden, Michigan (used as the HCHS Heritage Center), the Leo Chaput Log Cabin, and the Perl Merrill Research Center (used as the archives and a genealogical facility). The Keweenaw County Historical Society, established in 1981, has five locations throughout Keweenaw County, Michigan. These locations include the Eagle Harbor Lighthouse, Central Mine Historic District, Phoenix Church, the Rathbone School and the Bammert Blacksmith Shop. Visitor Centers for the Historical Society are located at the Eagle Harbor Lighthouse and Central Mine. Their sites are open from June through October. The Keweenaw Heritage Center is located in the old Ste. Anne's church at 25880 Red Jacket Road in Calumet, Michigan, within the park's Calumet Unit. Ste. Anne's was built in 1900 as a French Canadian Roman Catholic church and deconscrated in 1966. It was underutilized for a number of years until, in 1994, a group of local citizens bought the building. The Keweenaw Heritage Center's mission is to "preserve and interpret the culture and heritage of the Copper Country through the preservation of buildings, development of exhibits and other educational activities." A major museum on the first floor is planned. The Laurium Manor Inn is located at 320 Tamarack Street in Laurium, Michigan. The structure was built as a home by wealthy mining captain Thomas H. Hoatson in 1908 at a cost of $50,000. The house functions as a bed and breakfast and is open to the public for tours. The Michigan Technological University Archives, housed in the university library, store many documents related to the history of the area. Old Victoria is located at Victoria Dam Road in Rockland Township, Michigan. The site features a group of small log houses which were once used by miners of the Victoria Mining Company. These cabins were built in 1899 and abandoned in 1921. The structures were restored in the 1970s, and tours through the cabins and the mine site beyond are available. The Ontonagon County Historical Society is located at 422 River Street in Ontonagon, Michigan. The Ontonagon County Historical Society was founded in 1957 "to collect and preserve the artifacts of the county's history and to educate the public about that history and related topics." Exhibits at the historical society's museum include artifacts related to the early days of mining and other topics. The Society also operates the Ontonagon Lighthouse, constructed in 1851–52. The Society acquired the lighthouse in 2000, and offers tours in the summer months. Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park is located west of Ontonagon, Michigan on Michigan State Route 107. The park totals and offers day-hiking, backpacking, camping, canoeing, biking and winter sports. There are also numerous historical copper mining sites within the park, as well as stands of virgin timber. The Quincy Mine Hoist and Underground Mine is located at 49750 US 41 in Hancock, Michigan, within the park's Quincy Unit. The company offers tours through the surface buildings of the Quincy Mine as well as underground tours. The Upper Peninsula Firefighters Memorial Museum is located at 327 Sixth Street in Calumet, Michigan, within the park's Calumet Unit. The second floor of the building holds exhibits on the history of fire fighting in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. </doc> <doc id="2345815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345815" title="Loew's Jersey Theatre"> Loew's Jersey Theatre The Loew's Jersey Theatre is a movie palace type theater and live entertainment venue located in Jersey City, New Jersey. Opened in 1929, it was one of the five Loew's Wonder Theatres, a series of flagship Loew's movie palaces in the New York City area. It was designed by the architectural firm of Rapp and Rapp in a Baroque/Rococo style. Tri-plexed in 1974, and then closed in 1986, it was dark for years. It was purchased by the city in 1993 and been operated by a volunteer organisation, the Friends of the Loews, since that time. The theater was designated as a New Jersey Registered Historic Site in 2009. In a move opposed by Friends of the Loews, the city in June 2014, agreed to let AEG Live operate the venue. The Loew's Jersey opened September 28, 1929. It was one of five "Loew's Wonder Theatres" that opened in 1929 and 1930 in the New York City area. Journal Square, a neighborhood in Jersey City, New Jersey, was a popular entertainment and shopping destination. In addition to the Loew's Jersey, two other entertainment theatres were present in Journal Square: the State Theatre and the Stanley Theatre. The theatre was built on land purchased from the Pennsylvania Railroad and located on a main commercial avenue that ran the full length of Hudson County, New Jersey from Bayonne, New Jersey at one end through to Union City, New Jersey. Journal Square also served as a terminus for many Public Service Railway trolley and bus lines. And the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad, now known as the Port Authority Trans-Hudson or PATH, has a major station at Journal Square with lines to New York City, Hoboken, New Jersey and Newark, New Jersey. The cost of construction in 1929 was US$2 million. The capacity of the theatre on opening day was 3,021 patrons. The theatre opened with the film Madame X, a live musical performance by Ben Black and his Rhythm Kings and the Loew's Symphony Orchestra. Tickets to view the movie plus live performances were $0.35. Additionally, the theatre was equipped with a 4 manual/23 rank Robert Morton "Wonder Morton" pipe organ. The theatre was built with the intention of presenting both live performances and films. The stage of the theatre was equipped with a full counterweighted fly system with the 50'-0" wide screen rigged to be flown in and out. In front of the stage, a three segment orchestra pit was installed. One segment, on left side of the pit as viewed from the audience, contained the pipe organ console. The organ lift could rise independently and rotate. The remaining width of the orchestra pit could also raise, lifting the orchestra up to the stage level. The third segment was an integrated piano lift in the center of the orchestra lift that could either rise independently or with the orchestra lift. The theatre was equipped with a stage lighting system that controlled a system of lighting fixtures and units on the stage and in the auditorium. Beneath the stage, two levels of dressing rooms, along with a trap room and rehearsal hall were provided. The auditorium was laid out with approximately 1,900 seats on a sloping ground floor, divided into sections by aisles running from the entrance of the auditorium to the stage. An additional 1,200 seats were placed on a steeply sloped balcony. The lobby of the theatre was built as a three story oval with restroom facilities on the second level. Both the Ladies' and Men's restroom featured elaborate decoration and additional spaces for makeup application and socialization. The lobby also possessed a grand chandelier and a promenade. The exterior of the theatre was dressed with terra cotta tiles and large marquees. A large vertical sign announcing the theatre's name rose on the righthand tower of the building's face and a marquee with interchangeable lettering was installed over the entrance. At the apex of the front facade of the building, a Seth Thomas animated clock was installed. The clock featured a white faced clock that was illuminated from behind with a statue of Saint George and a statue of a dragon. On the quarter-hour, the clock would chime and the statues would perform. The dragon was equipped with red light bulbs in its mouth to represent fire and the statue of Saint George would be tilted by a motor toward the dragon, simulating a spear lunge. The theatre was added to the New Jersey Register of Historic Places on August 15, 1985. It also received a Determination of Eligibility from the National Register of Historic Places on October 17, 1985 but was not listed due to an objection by the owner. In 1974, the Loew's Corporation had the theatre subdivided into three smaller theatres. Two theatres were created on the ground floor by erecting a wall in the center aisle of the auditorium that extended from the entrance from the lobby to just beyond the end of the balcony. Walls were constructed across the width of the auditorium connecting the dividing center wall to the auditorium's outer walls. Within these new theatres, projection booths were built. The third theatre was created by having patrons sit in the balcony and watch a movie projected on the original screen of the theatre using the original projection booth. In an effort to reduce cleaning efforts and expenses, the seating on the ground floor that was no longer accessible to patrons was removed and disposed of. The pipe organ was also removed from the theatre. The theatre closed in August 1986. The final film shown was "". The Loew's Corporation sold the theatre to Hartz Mountain, who announced plans to demolish the theatre and build a new structure on the site. Preservationists began a campaign to save the structure and succeeded in saving the building from demolition. The theatre was subsequently sold to the city of Jersey City, the current owner. The theatre remained closed from 1986 through to 1996 while the preservation efforts occurred. During that time, the building suffered some vandalism and some objects of value were removed. Also, due to the lack of maintenance, heating, humidity control, water and electrical services during that period, mechanical systems, paint surfaces and other vulnerable finishes deteriorated. Volunteers began restoration of the theatre once it had been acquired by the city of Jersey City, to prevent it from being demolished. The volunteers removed the partitions that divided the auditorium into three theatres and restored mechanical systems. They also rehabilitated and installed projection equipment, allowing the theatre to once again present films. Other efforts restored the on stage systems, repairing the original lighting system, fly system and dressing rooms. Volunteers also restored the seating of the auditorium. The Garden State Theatre Organ Society acquired a sister pipe organ to the missing Loew's Jersey pipe organ, originally installed at the Loew's Paradise theatre, and began the installation and restoration of the organ. A video of the organ being played on November 3, 2007, is available on YouTube. The Loew's Jersey is equipped to present 35 mm films in their original 1.33:1, 1.37:1, 1.85:1 and 2.39:1 aspect ratios with adjustable horizontal and vertical masking on its 50-foot-wide screen. Films are projected using Ashcraft Super Core-Lite carbon-arc lamphouses and modified Norelco (Kinoton) FP-20 projectors. Work is currently underway to install 70 mm projection equipment, as well as Dolby Digital, DTS, and six-track magnetic sound. Volunteers continue to be the primary force in the restoration of the Loew's Jersey. Volunteers come from throughout the New York and Northern New Jersey metro area. Some volunteers bring experience from the film or theatrical industries but the vast majority of volunteers are individuals without prior experience in restoring or operating a performance venue. Their efforts, in performing duties such as painting, cleaning, preparing and selling concessions or serving as house staff for events, allow the theatre to operate successfully. The theatre holds an "open door" volunteer work call most Saturdays from 10 am to 6 pm year round. Volunteers and individuals interested in volunteering are welcome to drop in and participate. As of 2007, the Loew's Jersey presents a wide range of programming. This includes film weekends, generally one weekend per month from September through June, where approximately three classic films gathered around a common theme are presented. Often, speakers or performers from the films are presented before the movie. The Loew's Jersey does not show films in current release. Other events currently presented at the Loew's Jersey include performances of Gilbert and Sullivan operas, Jersey City sponsored events, touring productions (such as Nickelodeon's Jamorama, a live show for children) and live performances by musicians and bands such as Beck and The Decemberists. Additionally, the Loew's Jersey is a popular venue for film and photography shoots. The lobby of the Loew's Jersey was the disco in the film "The Last Days of Disco" and was featured in a 2007 Geico commercial featuring their gecko character. The theatre has appeared in two A&E specials and numerous magazines as a backdrop for brides and other fashions. In February 2011 the band The Strokes shot a music video for the single "Under Cover of Darkness" off of their 2011 album "Angles" at the Loew's Jersey Theatre, featuring the main lobby, promenade and stage. The Trans-Siberia Orchestra filmed "The Ghosts of Christmas Eve" in the Loew's Jersey. The Loew's is principal venue for the Golden Door Film Festival. The theater is also a popular venue for fundraising, corporate events, and weddings. </doc> <doc id="2345819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345819" title="June Walker"> June Walker June Walker (June 14, 1900 – February 3, 1966) was an American stage and film actress. She appeared on Broadway in such plays as "Green Grow the Lilacs", "The Farmer Takes a Wife", and "Twelfth Night". She was the first actress to portray the character of Lorelei Lee, in the 1926 Broadway production of "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes". She played Linda Loman to Thomas Mitchell's Willy in the 1949 touring company of "Death of a Salesman". She toured as Vinnie in "Life with Father" In 1926, she married British actor Geoffrey Kerr (born January 26, 1895 — died July 1, 1971). The couple divorced in 1943; their son is actor John Kerr (born 1931 – died 2013). She appeared with her son in a 1954 episode of NBC's "Justice". It was his first acting engagement. After her death in 1966, aged 65, from undisclosed causes, Walker was interred in the Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles. </doc> <doc id="2345826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345826" title="Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park"> Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park in central Texas about west of Austin in the Texas Hill Country. The park protects the birthplace, home, ranch, and final resting place of Lyndon B. Johnson, 36th President of the United States. During Johnson's administration, the LBJ Ranch was known as the "Texas White House" because the President spent approximately 20% of his time in office there. The park consists of two discontiguous areas, the Johnson City District and the LBJ Ranch District. The Johnson City District, located in Johnson City, contains the boyhood home of President Johnson and his grandparents' log cabin settlement, as well as the National Park Visitor Center. The LBJ Ranch District is located roughly west of Johnson City along the north side of the Pedernales River in Gillespie County. The ranch was the Johnson family retreat during his period of greatest influence, and is the site of the family cemetery. This gives the visitors a perspective of President Johnson's life when he was in office. The Johnson City Unit is located on the south side of the city, with parking areas at the visitors center on Lady Bird Lane, and on United States Route 290 at N Street. The visitors center, located in a former hospital, provides an introduction to the park and exhibitions and films about President Johnson and his wife Lady Bird. A short way north of the visitors center is the Johnson Boyhood Home, an 1880s Victorian house where he lived with his parents from age five. This house, restored by Johnson while he was president, was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966. West of the visitors center is the Johnson Settlement, a restored prairie in which are found the dogtrot house of Johnson's grandfather, and other 19th-century agricultural buildings. The ranch is located on the north side of United States Route 290, about fourteen miles west of Johnson City, with its main access through the Lyndon B. Johnson State Park and Historic Site, which lies between the highway and the south bank of the Pedernales River. The National Park Service lands lie north of the river. Among the sites preserved at the Ranch are the President's first school, his reconstructed birthplace, the Texas White House, and the Johnson Family Cemetery, where both President and Lady Bird Johnson are buried. Visitors take a self-guided auto driving tour from State Park visitor center; a permit is required. The park was authorized on December 2, 1969, as Lyndon B. Johnson National Historic Site and was redesignated as a National Historical Park on December 28, 1980. Present holdings are approximately 1,570 acres (6.4 km), 674 acres (2.7 km) of which are federal. The Johnson family continues to donate land to this property; their most recent gift was in April 1995. </doc> <doc id="2345828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345828" title="Rhett Miller"> Rhett Miller Stewart Ransom "Rhett" Miller II (born September 6, 1970) is the lead singer of the alternative country band Old 97's. He also records and performs as a solo musician, and has been published as a writer of both fiction and non-fiction. Miller, a seventh-generation Texan, was born in Austin, Texas, to father Stewart Ransom "Randy" Miller, an attorney, and mother Ann Morwood (née Wilson Pugh). Miller's parents divorced when he was 17 years old. Miller, the oldest of three children, has a younger brother and sister. In 1952, Miller's paternal grandfather, Giles E. Miller, a young millionaire scion of a successful textile family, owned the first NFL football team in the South, the Dallas Texans. The Texans folded after seven games, marking the last time an NFL franchise would go bankrupt. Miller's family lived in the Highland Park, Texas, neighborhood where he went to Armstrong Elementary School. In 4th grade Miller was hospitalized due to a severe inner-ear problem which resulted in a months-long hospitalization. In 6th grade he began attending St. Mark's School of Texas, a private boys' school in North Dallas. Miller has said that his time at St. Mark's was very difficult, and that he was ostracized and bullied. His depression culminated in a suicide attempt at the age of 14. As part of the process of recovery Miller turned to music and started to play in bands in high school and became a local folk performer, headlining in small venues and opening for such nationally touring artists as Rosanne Cash, Chris Isaak, and The Lords of the New Church. In high school, he edited St. Mark’s literary magazine, and helped to start an alternative literary magazine called "The Rag," for which he wrote poetry. He started taking guitar lessons when he was 12 years old, started writing songs when he was 13, and played his first gig at 15 years old in April 1985 at 500 Cafe in downtown Dallas. In 1989, Miller graduated from St. Mark's School of Texas. He briefly attended Sarah Lawrence College on a creative writing scholarship before deciding to move back to Texas to pursue a music career. In 1989, while still in high school, Miller released an album called "Mythologies." The album title was taken from a book of essays by the French media philosopher Roland Barthes. Only 1,000 copies of the CD exist. Miller signed and numbered each one. In 1990, when Miller returned to Dallas after his semester at college, Miller formed a band called Sleepy Heroes with childhood friend and future Old 97’s bassist Murry Hammond. Sleepy Heroes was a power-pop three piece. They released one album, "Under a Radio Sun," before they broke up. The Old 97's song, "Victoria," was written during the last few months of Sleepy Heroes. Miller was the lead singer of various bands in Dallas between 1990 and 1993: Rhett Miller's Third Eye, Buzz, Rhett's Exploding, and Retablo, for which Miller self-recorded an unreleased record on cassette, which included some early Old 97s songs. In 1993, Miller and Hammond formed Old 97's as a three piece acoustic act along with their neighbor at Dallas’ Marquita Courts Apartments, guitarist Ken Bethea. They played as a three piece for six months before adding Darin Lin Wood on drums. He played with the band for a few weeks in the summer of 1993 before being replaced by Philip Peeples who has remained the band’s drummer ever since. Old 97’s first album, "Hitchhike To Rhome," came out on local Dallas label Big Iron Records in 1993. During the first year of Old 97’s, Miller also performed as a touring member of the band Killbilly. It was during a Killbilly tour that Miller met Nan Warshaw, owner of Chicago’s Bloodshot Records, the label which released Old 97’s second album, "Wreck Your Life." After a sold-out SXSW showcase in 1995, Old 97’s found themselves the subject of a major label bidding war. 15 record labels fought to sign the band, with Elektra Records A&R rep Tom Desavia finally inking the band to a multi-album deal. Their first Elektra release, "Too Far To Care," came out in 1997, followed by "Fight Songs" and "Satellite Rides." In 2002, Miller released "The Instigator" on Elektra Records. The record was produced and recorded with Jon Brion, received critical acclaim and substantial airplay on alternative-oriented radio stations. In 2006, Miller released "The Believer" on the Verve Forecast label. It includes a cover of Brion's "I Believe She's Lying" and "Fireflies," a duet with Rachael Yamagata. In 2009, Miller released his fourth record, the self-titled "Rhett Miller" on Shout! Factory. The record includes Jon Brion on guitar and bass, The Apples in Stereo's John Dufilho on drums and Billy Harvey on guitar. In 2011, Miller self-released a live recording of "The Interpreter: Live at Largo." In 2012, Miller released "The Dreamer." The record, a Maximum Sunshine release which Miller self-produced, included collaborations with Rosanne Cash and Ben Kweller. In 2015, Miller released his sixth solo record, called "The Traveler," on ATO Records. The album was a notable shift for Miller, as he recorded it with a Portland, Oregon-based bluegrass band called Black Prairie, which includes members of The Decemberists. The album also features contributions from Peter Buck and Scott McCaughey of R.E.M. Miller has written short stories, essays and articles that have appeared in "Rolling Stone," "The Baffler," "Bookforum," "Sports Illustrated," "McSweeney’s," "The Atlantic," and "Salon." In addition to his solo work, Miller has worked on various collaborations, including co-writing with other musicians. In 2006, Miller and his brother Ross Miller launched the Breathe Easy Concert Series, an annual event in Dallas that raises money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and awareness about cystic fibrosis. In 2016, Miller appeared as part of the Okay to Say initiative sponsored by the Meadows Mental Health Policy Institute in Dallas, which encourages the use of therapy to prevent suicide and address mental health issues. In the campaign, Miller discusses his own suicide attempt when he was 14 years old, and how therapy has helped him over the years. In 1997, Miller moved from Dallas to Los Angeles. In 2000, he moved to New York City. Miller and then-fiancée lived three blocks south of the World Trade Center and were home on 9/11. He shared journal writing about their experience, which was published in "The Atlantic" in September 2011. Miller now lives in the Hudson Valley area of New York state. In 2002, Miller married former model Erica Iahn a week after he completed production of "The Instigator." Iahn found out she was pregnant with their first child, Max, while Miller was on tour with Tori Amos to promote the album. Their daughter, Soleil, was born in the spring of 2006. Miller said he got the nickname "Rhett" because his mother liked Rhett Butler from the movie, "Gone with the Wind." "Chronological order" </doc> <doc id="2345830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345830" title="Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure"> Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure is a 1994 video game developed and published by Activision. A sequel to Activision's 1982 "Pitfall!" for the Atari 2600, the player controls Pitfall Harry, Jr., son of the protagonist of the original game, as he attempts to rescue his father from a Mayan jungle setting. Activision developed the game in partnership with Redline Games. It was first released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Genesis/Mega Drive and Sega CD in 1994, followed by releases for the Sega 32X, Atari Jaguar, and PC the following year. The PC release was the first commercial release for the recently debuted Windows 95 operating system. Publisher Majesco Entertainment ported the game for the Game Boy Advance in 2001; a downloadable version appeared on the Nintendo Wii's Virtual Console in 2009. An extra feature in all versions is the ability to play the original "Pitfall!" (the Atari 2600 version) after finding a secret doorway within the game. The Sega CD, 32X and Windows ports contained extra (and expanded) levels and other enhancements over the other versions. The Windows port was based on the Sega 32X version, and was made using Kinesoft's Exodus game technology, which was later used to make the Windows port of "Earthworm Jim: Special Edition". It includes 256-colour art, in-game CD music and effects by SOUNDELUX Media Labs. SoftKey version includes America Online free trial software for Windows 3.1/95, Internet Explorer 3.02, Cyber Patrol demo for Windows 3.1/95. On April 13, 2009, the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive version of "Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure" was released on the Virtual Console in North America and later in the PAL regions on May 15, 2009 and in Japan on August 25, 2009. It was later delisted on December 26, 2013 in Japan and at the end of 2013 in North America and the PAL regions. "Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure" sold in excess of 1 million copies by June 1996. Reviewing the Genesis version, "GamePro" criticized the lag in the controls, elaborating that "the split-second lag time between his jump and your ability to control his movements again is the difference between a narrow escape and losing a life. The same problem occurs whenever he changes direction - he pauses, you can't control him, and Harry Jr. takes a hit." However, they praised the graphics, the intense action, the music, and the inclusion of the original "Pitfall!", and gave the game an overall recommendation, particularly for hardcore platforming gamers. "GamePro" applauded the SNES version as having "some of the best character animations ever seen in an SNES game." They also praised the distinctive enemies, realistic sound effects, and entertaining challenge. "Next Generation" reviewed the SNES version of the game, and stated that "Run of the mill graphics and sound combined with gameplay that is, at best, tedious and uninspired, leave "Pitfall" interesting as a novelty, but not much else." "GamePro" gave the Sega CD version a positive review as well. They remarked that the new levels, full motion video sequences, and improved graphics all add to the game, which they noted has the same high challenge, realistic sound effects, and difficult controls as in previous versions. Mike Weigand of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" commented of the Sega CD version that "Huge levels, excellent animations and nice sound effects make this one an action/adventure winner." In contrast, a reviewer for "Next Generation" ridiculed the additions to the Sega CD version as unimportant. He concluded that "The game is not bad, just not great." Reviewing the 32X version, the four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" praised the large number of secrets but criticized the difficult controls and the lack of significant improvement from the Genesis version. "GamePro" dismissed the 32X version for this same reason, summarizing that "nothing has changed in this latest version of "Pitfall"." A critic for "Next Generation" concurred that the 32X version's improvements are too minor for the average player to even notice, and again opined that the game is "solid" but "average". A "Next Generation" reviewer, while noting that the game is "a somewhat hit-and-miss side-scroller that has some cool features", judged the Windows port to be an "excellent" conversion which would satisfy gamers who wanted to play "Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure" but did not own a console system. "GamePro" called the Jaguar version "a fun, colorful action adventure". However, they commented that it is identical to the Genesis and Super NES versions and inferior to the Sega CD version (due to the lack of the "densely layered" sound effects and orchestrated music), which they found disappointing given that the Jaguar is a more powerful system and at this point most people interested in the game would have already played it on another platform. A critic for "Next Generation" agreed the Jaguar version is essentially the same as previous releases of the game but gave it a more positive assessment than previous reviews in the magazine, concluding that it "maintains a feeling of quality game design from the very beginning, and is well worth checking out, especially if you're an old-school "Pitfall" fan." "Entertainment Weekly" gave the game a B+ and wrote that"Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure" was successful "mainly because the original "Pitfall" — a straightforward action game in which a stick-figure hero runs, jumps, and climbs up and down ladders — is far more adaptable to today's 16-bit technology. In fact, this version plays like "Indiana Jones" in fast-forward, as Pitfall Harry Jr. executes his derring-do amid lush jungle backgrounds, stirring music, and pumped-up sound effects." </doc> <doc id="2345838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345838" title="Natchez National Historical Park"> Natchez National Historical Park Natchez National Historical Park commemorates the history of Natchez, Mississippi, and is managed by the National Park Service. The park consists of three separate sites: Fort Rosalie is the site of a former fortification from the 18th century, built by the French. It was later renamed Fort Panmure and controlled in turn by Great Britain, Spain, and the United States. The fort site is not open to the public. The William Johnson House was the home of William Johnson, a 19th-century free African American barber and resident of Natchez whose diary has been published. Melrose was the estate of John T. McMurran, a lawyer, state senator, and planter who lived in Natchez from 1830 until the Civil War. Both Melrose and the William Johnson House contain furnishings related to life in antebellum Natchez and other exhibits. The collection at Melrose's two-story Greek Revival mansion and its slave quarters include painted floor cloths, mahogany, a punkah, a set of Rococo Revival parlor furniture, a set of Gothic Revival dining room chairs, and bookcases with books dating to the 18th century. These were collected from Natchez families, including the McMurran family. The collection in the Johnson house includes furnishings from his life and family. Archaeological objects found in the park are also on display. The National Historical Park was authorized on October 7, 1988 (, ). The William Johnson House was added to it on September 28, 1990 (, ). As with all historic areas administered by the National Park Service, the park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Fort Rosalie was already included in the National Register as part of the 1972 NRHP-listed Natchez Bluffs and Under-the-Hill Historic District; the William Johnson House, at 210 State St., is a few blocks from the Fort Rosalie site and is both separately NRHP-listed and also included in the Natchez On-Top-of-the-Hill Historic District. Melrose is located about two miles southwest of Fort Rosalie. </doc> <doc id="2345839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345839" title="Walnut Street Theatre"> Walnut Street Theatre The Walnut Street Theatre, at 825 Walnut Street on the corner of S. 9th Street in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is said to be the oldest continuously operating theatre in the English-speaking world and the oldest in the United States. The venue is operated by the Walnut Street Theatre Company, a non-profit organization, and has three stages: the Mainstage, for the company's primary and larger productions, the Independence Studio on 3, a studio located on the building's third floor for smaller productions, and the Studio 5 on the fifth floor, which is rented out for independent productions. The company wants to build a theatre-in-the-round next door, where the parking lot currently is. The Walnut Street Theatre was built by the Circus of Pepin and Breschard, which toured the United States from 1807 until 1815. Pepin and Breschard constructed numerous venues in cities along the East Coast of the United States, which often featured, along with performances of their circus, classical plays as well as horse dramas. The theatre was founded in 1809, going by the name of The New Circus. In 1811, the two partners commissioned architect William Strickland to design and construct a stage and orchestra pit for theatrical performances and the theatre's name was changed to The Olympic. The official website says that the name The Walnut Street Theatre was first used there in 1820, though the name was changed back to The Olympic in 1822 and to The Walnut again in 1828. A travel guidebook from 1849 indicates that in the mid 19th century, this building was called The American Theatre. The Walnut was the first theatre to install gas footlights in 1837. In 1855 it was also the first theatre to feature air conditioning. The theatre switched to electric chandeliers and footlights in 1892. The theatre has undergone many renovations since its opening. The first theatrical production at the theatre was "The Rivals" in 1812 (President Thomas Jefferson and the Marquis de Lafayette were in attendance). Edwin Booth and John Sleeper Clarke purchased the theatre in 1865, and then the theatre became part of The Shubert Organization in 1941. While part of the Shubert chain, the theatre housed many pre-Broadway tryouts of soon-to-be classics, including: On October 15, 1966, The Walnut Street Theatre was designated a National Historic Landmark and in 1969, the theatre was purchased by a non-profit organization and turned over to the new Walnut Street Theatre Corporation. On September 23, 1976, it was the site of the first presidential debate between Gerald R. Ford and Jimmy Carter. The Walnut Street Theatre Company, a non-profit regional producing company, was formed in 1983 by Bernard Havard. In 1984, the Walnut Street Theatre School was established and over 1,200 students enroll annually, and 1986 saw the introduction of the Independence Studio on 3 series. To this day, the company produces five productions a season on the theatre's main stage and is the most subscribed theatre company in the world. In Fall 2008, the theater celebrated its 200th season of live entertainment. Notes Further reading </doc> <doc id="2345844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345844" title="New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park"> New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park New Orleans Jazz National Historical Park is a U.S. National Historical Park in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans, near the French Quarter. It was created in 1994 to celebrate the origins and evolution of jazz. Most of the historical park property consists of within Louis Armstrong Park leased by the National Park Service. There is a visitor center at 916 North Peters Street and a concert venue, several blocks away in the French Quarter. The Park provides a setting for sharing the cultural history of the people and places which helped to shape the development and progression of jazz in New Orleans. National Park Service staff present information and resources associated with the origins and early development of jazz, through interpretive techniques designed to educate and entertain. The centerpiece of the site is Perseverance Hall No. 4. Originally a Masonic Lodge, it was built between 1819 and 1820, making it the oldest Masonic temple in Louisiana. Perseverance Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 2, 1973. The entire National Historical Park was administratively listed on the Register on the date of its authorization, October 31, 1994. General references: Specific references: </doc> <doc id="2345850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345850" title="If You Go"> If You Go If You Go is a 1961 album by Peggy Lee that was arranged by Quincy Jones. </doc> <doc id="2345851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345851" title="Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve"> Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve Salt River Bay National Historic Park and Ecological Preserve is a unit of the National Park Service on the island of St. Croix in the U.S. Virgin Islands. It preserves upland watersheds, mangrove forests, and estuarine and marine environments that support threatened and endangered species. It also contains the Columbus Landing Site, a National Historic Landmark that is the only known site where members of a Columbus expedition set foot on what is now United States territory. The site is marked by Fort Salé, a remaining earthworks fortification from the French period of occupation, about 1617. The park also preserves prehistoric and colonial-era archeological sites including the only existing example of a ball court in the US Virgin Islands. Salt River Bay is located on the north side of the island of St. Croix, on its central coast. The bay is a large inlet with two major sections, the left fed by the Salt River. The park property encompasses substantially all of the land abutting the bay. This area's blend of sea and land holds some of the largest remaining mangrove forests in the Virgin Islands, as well as coral reefs and a submarine canyon. Salt River Bay's natural history, its vitally important ecosystem of mangroves, estuary, coral reefs, and submarine canyon, has witnessed thousands of years of human endeavor. Every major period of human habitation in the Virgin Islands is represented: several South American Indian cultures, the 1493 encounter with Columbus, Spanish extermination of the Caribs, attempts at colonization by a succession of European nations, and enslaved West Africans and their descendants. More than a dozen major archeological investigations since 1880, together with historical research, reveal a remarkable story. On February 24, 1992 Congress created the park, under cooperative management of the National Park Service and Government of the Virgin Islands of the United States. These agencies jointly manage this park. As an historic area of the National Park Service, the park was administratively listed on the National Register of Historic Places on the same day. The Columbus landing site had already been designated a National Historic Landmark on October 9, 1960. The Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve will be honored with the 53rd quarter in the America the Beautiful Quarters in 2020. The Columbus landing site is located on a point at the western side of the bay. It is here that Columbus sent a longboat to shore on November 14, 1493, to explore the area and acquire fresh water and provisions. A nearby village was occupied by Taíno people who had recently been enslaved by invading Carib forces, and Columbus' men took some of the women and children with them when they set out to return to the ship. While en route, they encountered a canoe apparently occupied by Caribs, and a brief skirmish took place, in which one of the canoe's occupants was slain and the others captured. This was the first recorded fight by the Spanish with the New World native population, and they named the site (Cape of the Arrow). The island had been abandoned by the Caribs by 1590 (possibly due either to diseases introduced by contact, Spanish massacres, or other causes), and became Spanish territory. It was taken by the English in 1641, and then the Dutch in 1642. The Dutch built Fort Flamand near the site, which was taken over by the French in 1650 and renamed Fort Sale; its remains are the only known structure to survive from this early colonial period. Salt River is home to one of two bioluminescent bays or bio bays on the island of St. Croix (a second bio bay can be found at Altona Lagoon). Every year thousands of people flock to see the glowing water of the Bio Bay that's created by a micro-organism, the dinoflagellate Pyrodinium bahamense. The bay is also home to other bioluminescent marine life including Ctenophora or comb-jellies and Odontosyllis phosphorea or Fireworms. Bio Bays are extremely rare with "only seven year-round lagoons known to exist in the Caribbean", says Dr. Michael Latz of the Scripps Institute of Oceanography at the University of California San Diego, an expert on bioluminescent organisms, "Any place that has a bioluminescent bay should cherish it like a natural wonder, like a treasure". A combination of factors creates the necessary conditions for bioluminescence: red mangrove trees surround the water (the organisms have been related to Mangrove forest although Mangrove is not necessarily associated with this species). A study at the Bio Bay located at Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve is being conducted by faculty and students from the University of South Carolina, the University of North Carolina Wilmington and the University of the Virgin Islands. Their research is focused on analyzing quality and nutrient composition of the water, the distribution of the dinoflagellate Pyrodinium bahamense, and the abundance of "cysts," dormant dinoflagellates embedded in the sea floor. The National Park Service and its partner institutions completed a study of the bioluminescence phenomenon in the Mangrove Lagoon in Spring 2014. Salt River Canyon is a prehistoric river and waterfall having cut two deep walls facing each other across a quarter mile of blue water. The feature is one of the best known of St. Croix's dive features, along with the Frederiksted Pier. The most popular scuba diving locations are a few hundred yards outside the Salt River Bay. Although most of the boat moorings are 25-45' deep, the actual canyon reaches nearly 500' in depth. Recreational scuba limits are 130' and well into the shadows of the canyon walls. This location is known for its sheer depth, clarity, and wildlife. February and March play host to nursing humpback whales. Year-round are both the nurse shark and reef shark. Occasionally one of the pods of dolphins may come swimming by as well. Sport Diver Magazine has also rated this area as one of the top 5 for water clarity in the Caribbean. </doc> <doc id="2345855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345855" title="Freudenthal"> Freudenthal Freudenthal is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include: </doc> <doc id="2345857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345857" title="The British Columbia Dragoons"> The British Columbia Dragoons The British Columbia Dragoons (BCD) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Forces. It is based in Kelowna and Vernon, British Columbia. The British Columbia Dragoons are part of 3rd Canadian Division's 39 Canadian Brigade Group. The British Columbia Dragoons perpetuate the 2nd Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles and the 11th Regiment, Canadian Mounted Rifles, of the Canadian Expeditionary Force. The British Columbia Dragoons trace their origins to the formation of the Canadian Mounted Rifles, two independent squadrons of horse in Kamloops and Vernon in 1908. In 1910 two additional squadrons were raised and the regiment was renamed the British Columbia Horse. In 1912 the unit was renamed again as the 30th Regiment, British Columbia Horse. 1914 saw the formation of the Victoria Independent Squadron on Vancouver Island. In the Great War the regiment was not mobilized, but in December 1914 many volunteers from the regiment joined the newly formed 2nd Regiment Canadian Mounted Rifles. After some limited service in France as cavalry, the unit was reroled to infantry as 2nd Canadian Mounted Rifles Battalion on January 1, 1916. The battalion became part of the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade, and fought with great luck and success on the Western Front. Despite being trained as cavalry but deployed as infantry, the regiment managed the war well. Captain "Jock" MacGregor was awarded the Victoria Cross for actions taken in the battle at Cambrai on September 29, 1918. The actions and awards of the 2nd Canadian Mounted Rifles are perpetuated today by the British Columbia Dragoons, their direct descendants. In the post war reorganization, the regiment was renamed The British Columbia Mounted Rifles in 1920, and then to the name still carried today, The British Columbia Dragoons in 1929. Part of the reason for the change was to forever divorce the regiment from infantry duties. When the Second World War loomed, the regiment once again stepped forward. The regiment was designated the 5th Motorcycle Regiment (BCD), and later an armoured car unit. Finally made into an armoured regiment, the 9th Armoured Regiment (BCD), they were deployed to Italy as part of the 5th Armoured Brigade, 5th Canadian (Armoured) Division. The regiment saw heavy action in the Liri Valley, were the first unit to break through the Gustav Line in Italy, 1944, and helped smash the Gothic Line, holding Point 204 right in the centre of the line. Part of the "D-Day Dodgers", a term used by soldiers fighting in Italy after D-Day, they continued to fight until orders were given to move the regiment to the northwest Europe area. They served with distinction until the end of the war, at which point the regiment was demobilized and returned to Militia service. The regiment has since seen many ups and downs, with losses of manpower and funding, hostile popular attitudes, and the ever changing nature of Canada. The 1970s and 1980s saw the deployment of individual members to Cyprus as part of the UN operations there as part of larger Canadian formations. The 1990s and the new century has seen numerous members deploy to Bosnia as part of NATO operations with IFOR and SFOR. With the Global War on Terror, members are now serving overseas as part of NATO operations with ISAF in Afghanistan. Lineage of the British Columbia Dragoons: + Abbreviations used in the chart ! Abbreviation !! Phrase Battle honours in small capitals are for large operations and campaigns and those in lowercase are for more specific battles. Bold type indicates honours authorized to be emblazoned on the regimental guidon. The Freedom of the City was granted by the City of Kelowna on February 11, 1963. The Freedom of the City was exercised by The British Columbia Dragoons in Vernon, British Columbia on 10 May 2008. There are several Royal Canadian Army Cadets units spread across British Columbia which are affiliated to the British Columbia Dragoons. Cadet units affiliated to the British Columbia Dragoons receive support from the regiment and also are given permission to wear traditional regimental accoutrements on their uniforms. </doc> <doc id="2345859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345859" title="Shalhevet Freier"> Shalhevet Freier Shalhevet Freier (; 16 July 1920 – November 27, 1994) was an Israeli physicist and administrator. Freier was born in Germany, the son of Rabbi Moshe Freier and Recha Freier, founder of the Youth Aliyah organization. During World War II he fled the country and served in the British Army in North Africa and later participated in the liberation of Italy. He was involved with smuggling Jewish refugees from Europe to Palestine during 1943-46. Freier served Israel in numerous capacities including working in the Haganah. He was the science attaché in Paris from 1956 to 1960. Frier served as the director-general of the Israel Atomic Energy Commission between 1971 and 1976. He also completed two terms as the director of the Soreq Nuclear Research Center, first in 1970 and again in 1981. He served as the head of the IAEC's policy team from 1981 until his death. Frier chaired the Israeli group of Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs and served on the Pugawash Council. </doc> <doc id="2345860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345860" title="Forks of Cacapon, West Virginia"> Forks of Cacapon, West Virginia Forks of Cacapon ( ), formerly Forks of Capon ( ), is an unincorporated community in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The community is named for its location at the confluence of the North River and Cacapon River. Forks of Cacapon is also located at another fork: the crossroads of West Virginia Route 29, West Virginia Route 127, and Frank Haines Road (West Virginia Secondary Route 45/5). The community was originally known by the name of its post office, Forks of Capon. The post office was in operation from the mid-19th century until 1910. John Loy served as its final post master. Despite the name of its former post office, the community is now referred to as Forks of Cacapon. </doc> <doc id="2345864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345864" title="KKLZ"> KKLZ KKLZ is a commercial radio station located in Las Vegas, Nevada, broadcasting on 96.3 FM. KKLZ airs a classic hits music format branded as "96.3 KKLZ". The station's studios are located in the unincorporated Clark County area of Spring Valley, while its transmitter is on Black Mountain in Henderson. KKLZ signed on in September 1983 under the original call letters of KITT. KITT aired a Top 40 music format that lasted three years. On January 1, 1986, KITT adopted a classic rock music format originally branded as ""The New Z96 FM"". It became known on-air as ""The All New 96.3 KKLZ"" about a year and a half later. KKLZ was Las Vegas' heritage Classic Rock station between 1987 and 2007. A station that prided itself on being cooler than the rest, KKLZ thrived through the 1990s by playing a wide variety of classic rock music and artists, featuring a lineup of personalities that included The O Brothers in the morning (who were replaced by Butz And Tucker, who lasted a year, then Johnson And Tofte in early 1990), Danny Lea, Jeffrey "Professor Jeff" Anderson, Dennis Mitchell, The Warrior, Kimberly Kelly, Backseat Beth, Bruno And The Big Kahuna, among others. It was listener-active with a large playlist, and home to locally-produced programs such as "The Poorman's Concert", "The Night Of The Living Dead", "Cruisin' for a Bluesin'" and one of the original Breakfast with the Beatles programs, which is still hosted by Mitchell on another station. From 1993 to 2002, KKLZ presented an annual concert festival known as "Junefest." It was held the first Saturday of every June on soccer fields just outside Silver Bowl Stadium, and the ten concerts featured a long roster of some of the greatest artists in the history of the classic rock genre. Listeners besieged the station with suggestions for band lineups all year and requests for information about the show as it approached each year. Attendance ranged between 20,000 and 40,000. KKLZ reached its creative zenith, as a classic rock station, in the mid-to-late 1990s when its studios were located on Industrial Road in Las Vegas. The trail-blazing and innovative morning show, Johnson & Tofte, enjoyed unprecedented local popularity in Las Vegas during the 1990s until they were unceremoniously fired when their program content rubbed management the wrong way one time too many. Having endured several ownership changes since the Telecommunications Act was passed in 1996, the station enjoyed a resurgence starting in 2003 and was the #1 rock music station in Las Vegas among males between the ages of 25 and 54 during the Spring 2005 ratings period. However, owner Beasley Broadcasting wasn't keen on the classic rock format, and management failed to capitalize on the strong ratings, choosing instead to modify the music playlist. On May 24, 2007 KKLZ changed its format to classic hits, and it now Greatest Hits of the 70's, 80's and 90's, which has been extremely beneficial for the station and has become a market leader with PPM methodology. In March 2010, KKLZ had the #1 position among all stations with Adults 25-54 in the Las Vegas radio market. In April 2010, KKLZ became the #1 rated station overall with Person 6+ and Person 12+. Today, the station features successful and experienced air personalities including "Mike & Carla in the Morning" (Mike O'Brian and Carla Rea), Wendy Rush in the midday, Larry Martino in afternoons and Jeff Anderson in the evening. The station is led by General Manager, Tom Humm. </doc> <doc id="2345865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345865" title="Augusta, West Virginia"> Augusta, West Virginia Augusta is an unincorporated community in central Hampshire County, West Virginia. It is located along the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) at the northern terminus of Augusta-Ford Hill Road (County Route 7) between Shanks and Pleasant Dale, east of Romney. According to the 2000 census, the Augusta community has a population of 4,728. </doc> <doc id="2345867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345867" title="The Cape (1996 TV series)"> The Cape (1996 TV series) The Cape is an American dramatic TV series, with elements of science fiction, action/adventure, and drama, that was produced for syndication during the 1996–97 television season. "The Cape" told the story of select members of the NASA Astronaut Corps at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida with a focus on their personal lives as they train for, and execute, Space Shuttle missions. The series stars Corbin Bernsen as USAF Colonel Henry J. "Bull" Eckert, an experienced astronaut who, early in the series, was the Director of Astronaut Training but later in the series was also tasked with the responsibility of Chief of the Astronaut Office. The series focused on authenticity and was filmed in and around Cape Canaveral, Florida. Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin also served as technical consultant. Composers John Debney and Louis Febre won Emmy Awards for their music on "The Cape" in 1997. The series was also nominated in the Outstanding Sound Editing For A Series and Outstanding Main Title Music for a series in 1997. </doc> <doc id="2345872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345872" title="Ohio State Route 7"> Ohio State Route 7 State Route 7 (SR 7), formerly known as Inter-county Highway 7 until 1921 and State Highway 7 in 1922, is a north–south state highway in the southern and eastern portions of the U.S. state of Ohio. At just over in length, it is the longest state route in Ohio. Its southern terminus is an interchange with U.S. Route 52 (US 52) just west of Chesapeake. Its northern terminus also serves as the eastern terminus of SR 531 in Conneaut. The path of SR 7 stays within of the Ohio River (Ohio's border with West Virginia) for the southern portion, with the river being visible from much of the route. The road also remains within of the Pennsylvania state line for the northern portion. SR 7 starts in Chesapeake and for about it runs along the Ohio River. Then it heads north along SR 11 & US 30 from East Liverpool to Rogers. After it turns north in Rogers, it heads up to Youngstown. Then the highway heads east overlapped with US 62. After that shared alignment, the highway then heads north again in Hubbard through a lot of small towns to its northern terminus in Conneaut. In 1912, Intercounty Highway 7 ran along the Ohio River, from Elizabethtown to the Pennsylvania state line at Pomeroy In 1923, the route was at its greatest extent, the northern terminus of the route was extended from East Liverpool to Conneaut. In 1927, the southern segment running from Chesapeake to the Indiana state line near Elizabethtown was deleted to make way for US 52 and a small segment of US 50 A tunnel was constructed north of Stratton in 1982. The $27 million project was necessitated for the expansion of the W. H. Sammis Power Plant. The Chesapeake bypass was first proposed in 1953. In 1961, the US 52 expressway opened from Chesapeake westward towards Sheridan. The original eastern terminus of the four-lane divided highway was at the current Chesapeake northbound-only exit ramp east of Tallow Ridge Road. US 52 originally crossed at the present-day Robert C. Byrd Bridge that connects Chesapeake to Huntington, West Virginia. In 1979, the US 52 designation moved to the Nick Joe Rahall II Bridge as tolls on that span were removed that year; the segment east of the Rahall Bridge to the Chesapeake interchange was renumbered to SR 7. Ten years later, the four-lane expressway was extended eastward to an incomplete trumpet interchange just east of Big Branch Road. A four-lane connector route from the partially complete interchange to the foot of the Robert C. Byrd Bridge at SR 527 was completed. At the same time, the two-lane Chesapeake interchange ramp just east of Tallow Ridge Road was converted to a northbound-only exit ramp. The abrupt terminus at Chesapeake was envisioned to connect to Proctorville. On May 31, 2002, ground was broken for Phase 1-A of the Proctorville bypass. Phase 1-A entailed a two-lane connector road from the East Huntington Bridge to Irene Road, with the original loop ramp from the bridge to State Route 7 being modified into an access road. Phase 1-B was designated from Irene Road to State Route 7 near Fairland East Elementary in Rome. Phase 2 was envisioned from Irene Road west to Chesapeake. The total cost was originally estimated to be at $165 million. On April 27, 2003, Phase 1-A of the Proctorville bypass opened to traffic. The $6.5 million, section of three-lane roadway was opened from the foot of the East Huntington Bridge to Irene Road and signed as SR 607. On June 3, 2003, bids were opened for Phase 1-B from Irene Road to SR 7 near Fairland East Elementary. The projected cost of the segment was originally $27 million, however, when the bids were let, the cost had decreased to $24.3 million. The lowest bid, which was also accepted, came in at $22.1 million. The road was designed as a two-lane limited-access facility on a four-lane right-of-way. Construction began on August 4, with an original estimated completion date of June 30, 2005. An unusual amount of rain, blamed on two hurricanes, caused major delays. More than one-dozen major slips along Phase 1-B required an additional $30 million in repairs and the purchase of additional land for highwall excavations. Another change was the design of the roadway; originally projected to be widened in the future when higher traffic counts warrant the expansion, it was designed on wide right-of-way with no grade separation between the opposing lanes. During the repair of the slips, a terraced roadway was constructed to separate the future southbound lanes from the northbound by a highwall when the roadway is expanded to four lanes. Other cost overruns had pushed the cost of construction to $62 million total, which included Phases 1-A and 1-B, up from the original estimates of $32 million. The primary cause was rapidly increasing land values and "unchecked zoning" along the project's projected right-of-way along with geo-technical problems with rocky soil. Property values along the projected route, for instance, increased 91.5% from 1992 to 2001 alone. In October 2006, a small segment of the Phase 1-B bypass opened to traffic between SR 607 and Irene Road intersection to SR 775. The remainder, east to SR 7 near Fairland East Elementary, opened on December 8, 2006. It includes intersections with SR 775, Kinley Avenue, and SR 7. Upon completion, phases 1-A and 1-B were signed as SR 7; the bypass from the SR 775 junction to the loop at the East Huntington Bridge was co-numbered with SR 775. Phase 2 of the bypass, from the Chesapeake bypass to Irene Road at Proctorville, has not been funded. Funding which had been previously promised by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) was later denied. Phase 2 is estimated to cost $76 million to complete. Also due to the construction delays (slips) on the bypass from SR 775 to Fairland East Elementary School (Phase 1-B), the design of Phase 2 may be realigned to prevent slips during construction. The Pomeroy bypass from Middleport east to US 33 was completed in 1968. At the time of completion, the bypass was two lanes but was upgraded to four lanes, divided, in 1976 from SR 143 to US 33 near Rock Springs. The bypass was extended east in 2000 from Rock Springs to a partial diamond interchange with SR 7 as a four-lane divided expressway. It was initially signed just SR 7. The diamond interchange was later completed with all connections, and the highway was extended eastward to Ravenswood, West Virginia as US 33. State Route 7 Alternate (SR 7A) is a short connecting loop signed as SR 7 that serves as a link from SR 7, US 40, and US 250 to I-70 in Bridgeport. Its western (southern) terminus is at SR 767, and its eastern (northern) terminus is along US 40 at its intersection with US 250 and the northern terminus of SR 767. SR 7A begins at the intersections of Howard Street and SR 767 (South Lincoln Avenue). SR 7A continues west as Howard Street until it intersects Marion Street. It then runs north as Marion Street, intersects I-70, and then intersects US 40, Main Street. SR 7A continues east on US 40 until it ends at US 250 and SR 767, just west of the West Virginia state line. State Route 767 (SR 767) is a north–south state highway in the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Currently, it is signed as an alternate route of SR 7. Its southern terminus is at an exit ramp on SR 7 in Bridgeport. The route serves as a connector from northbound SR 7 to SR 7 Alternate, US 40, and US 250. The route's northern terminus is where these U.S. routes overlap eastbound to cross the Ohio River into West Virginia. SR 7A serves as a connector for all of these routes to I-70. Business State Route 7 stretched from west of Middleport to about east of Pomeroy. The route followed the former alignment of State Route 7 that was replaced by the Pomeroy Bypass, and ran through the downtown areas of Middleport and Pomeroy. It joined with State Route 833 (the former alignment of U.S. Route 33) from west of Pomeroy to east of Pomeroy, including a brief concurrency with State Route 124, and then headed northeast to the eastern U.S. Route 33/State Route 7 interchange. The route was deleted between 2013 and 2015. State Route 7T (SR 7T) was a future route beginning at US 62 in Youngstown. The entire route was concurrent with US 62T. SR 7T and US 62T were removed on May 2, 2007. List of unused highways in Ohio </doc> <doc id="2345877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345877" title="Le Régiment de Hull (RCAC)"> Le Régiment de Hull (RCAC) Le Régiment de Hull (RCAC) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Forces. The regiment is based in Hull, Quebec near Ottawa. Active in all aspects of the day-to-day life of Outaouais residents, the unit is the only francophone military presence in the area. Currently, it is organised into three distinct squadrons: C/S Squadron (Commandement et Services) is made up of the logistical and administrative support staff as well as a holding platoon for new recruits and, D Squadron is the reconnaissance squadron, to which most of the members of the unit belong. On 7 August 1914, a general order of the Canadian Militia authorized the formation of a unit at Hull. Three days earlier, Canada had entered the war against Germany; World War I had broken out. As was the custom of the day, the unit was designated by a number. The regiment's first official name was accordingly the "70 Régiment (de Hull)". Initiatives to create a militia unit in Hull had nonetheless been under way since the spring of 1914 by a group of Hull citizens, including M.A. Allard, J.A. Cloutier, I. Landre, R. Déziel, J. Paré, J.A. Thibault, J. Gauvin and Lieutenant H. Heyendal. They met at the Collège Notre-Dame. The creation of the Hull Regiment also coincided (on 7 August 1914) with the acceptance by Great Britain of the Canadian Government's offer to pay all the costs of a military contingent. This first contingent left for England on 3 October of that year. In Hull, as everywhere else in Canada, the public greeted the war with enthusiasm. Thousands wanted to leave for the front and to take part in what they believed would be a great adventure. The first task of the 70th Regiment was to serve as a recruiting centre for the Hull military district. The regimental records show that the unit enrolled 2,108 men, who were subsequently distributed to a variety of battalions, including the 22nd, 38th, 41st and 57th. Although it was not mobilized for service overseas, the 70th Regiment provided personnel for the 230th Battalion of les Voltigeurs Canadiens-Français. This unit of the Canadian expeditionary corps was formed almost entirely of members of the 70th Regiment recruited in the Outaouais. It is for this reason that Le Régiment de Hull perpetuates the memory of the 230th Battalion (Voltigeurs Canadiens-Français), CEF. After a stay in England, the 230th was assigned to the Forestry Corps in November 1916 and went to France. This decision was made due to the high number of forestry workers from Hull, Quebec. The city of Hull was a booming city living off the lumber industry and most of the men enlisted from the 70th Regiment worked for various forestry companies, like E.B. Eddy. Before the war, England imported an enormous quantity of wood every year. And while the war had generated even greater demand, the cargoes needed were increasingly scarce as a result of German submarine attacks. This scarcity delayed the dispatch of reinforcements, ammunition, rations, fodder and other essential items. Canadians not only responded to the call, they set new production records. Over 70% of all the wood used by the allied armies during World War I came from Canada's forests. According to the official Canadian history, the participation of the Canadian Forestry Corps was "remarkable and contributed to the defeat of the submarine campaign". The Armistice enabled some 350,000 members of the Canadian Expeditionary Force to return home. Over 60,000 Canadians had died in battle. Thousands more were seriously wounded and many of them would never be able to resume normal life. The return to civilian life after so terrible a war is often difficult for veterans. Similarly, the resumption of activities by the Hull Militia was not without its problems. Since the government had decided no longer to designate units by a number, the 70th Regiment officially became "The Hull Regiment" in 1920, a designation which was changed to its French equivalent in Spring 1923. As was only to be expected after such a murderous war, enthusiasm waned significantly, a state of mind that was only exacerbated by equipment shortages and the need to meet in cramped, inadequate quarters. The regiment was housed at 84 Principale in Hull, moving to number 29 on the same street in 1922. Against all odds, the regiment grew and flourished and in 1938, the unit moved into its current headquarters: the Salaberry Armoury. Territorial Defense (1939–1942) When Canada declared war on Germany on 10 September 1939, the Regiment did not expect to be mobilized for war. Detachments of the Regiment were assigned to mount guard at points considered vulnerable to saboteurs, specifically Rockcliffe Aerodrome and the Residence of the Governor General. Many members of the Regiment enrolled in the active Army and initially served as instructors in numerous training camps, including in Saint Jérôme, Quebec and in Cornwall, Ontario. The first Battalion of Le Régiment de Hull was mobilized for active service on 29 July 1941. A few days later, National Defence Headquarters entrusted command of the Regiment to Lieutenant-Colonel Marcel Grison. In the meantime, an initial group of officers had been sent to Brockville to undergo special training and the Regiment left for Valcartier, where it underwent intensive training from December 1941 to mid-April 1942. It was subsequently sent to Nanaimo, British Columbia, where it participated in the defence of Canada as part of the 13th Infantry Brigade, 6th Canadian Infantry Division. This was the first time that a Francophone regiment had been stationed on Vancouver Island. Operation Cottage (August 1943 - January 1944) In August 1943, Le Régiment de Hull took part in the invasion of the island of Kiska, in the Aleutians. The Regiment was at the time under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dollard Ménard, DSO, CD a hero of the Dieppe raid. The Japanese had invaded the Aleutians in June 1942. Although Kiska was 4,500 km from Vancouver, the enemy presence caused considerable concern in Canada and the United States. While the US Navy imposed a blockade, air raids were carried out. The blockade and the bombing nonetheless did not succeed in dislodging the enemy, and the Americans decided to attack the islands directly. On 12 May, US troops landed at Attu, resulting in one of the fiercest and most costly battles of the entire war. Of the 3,000 Japanese in the garrison, only 11 were taken prisoner; all the others were killed or committed suicide. Since Kiska was defended by a stronger garrison (some 5,400 soldiers), the Americans asked Canada for help. The 13th Brigade was chosen to participate in the invasion of Kiska, comprising, in addition to Le Régiment de Hull, the Canadian Fusiliers, the Winnipeg Grenadiers and the Rocky Mountain Rangers. "D" Day for Kiska was set for August 15, 1943. Since the enemy had secretly abandoned the island, Canadian troops were not called upon to fight. The Regiment nonetheless had to stay on the island until January 1944, during which time the soldiers were subjected to the worst weather conditions endured by the Canadian Army anywhere, throughout its entire history. Europe (1944–1946) After being repatriated in February 1944, the Regiment embarked at Halifax for the United Kingdom on 25 May 1944. Its new barracks were at Camp Gandale in Yorkshire. The soldiers were expecting to take part in the eagerly awaited invasion of occupied Europe. Shortly after its arrival, however, the Regiment was temporarily renamed the "4th Training Battalion" and assigned to training until their release on 18 September 1945. Many members of the 1st battalion of Le Régiment de Hull were nonetheless involved in fighting on the continent of Europe as reinforcements for other Canadian regiments, an honour for which some paid with their lives. During this time, a 2nd Battalion served in the Reserve Army. Members of the 2nd battalion contributed to the Army's recruiting efforts, guarded locations considered to be of strategic importance, took part in guarding prisoners of war and subscribed to numerous campaigns to sell Victory Bonds, in which they set records. After the Armistice, a new life began for the Regiment. It was at this time that Le Régiment de Hull changed corps, moving from the infantry to armour. This new calling was officially confirmed on 1 April 1946, when the Regiment's name officially became the 21st Armoured Regiment (Le Régiment de Hull). Twelve years later, on 19 May 1958, the Regiment adopted its current name: Le Régiment de Hull (RCAC). The Regiment should thenceforth have rallied around a cavalry guidon, but continued to serve under its old white regimental colours from infantry days, in the form of the flag it had received in 1924. During the years that followed the end of World War II, the Regiment took part in training exercises for a war in Europe against the Soviet Union. This was the start of the Cold War and relations between East and West were tense. It was against this background that, when Communist North Korea invaded South Korea, Canada agreed to send a contingent to serve as part of the UN Forces. More than 60 members of the Regiment volunteered to serve in the 25th Canadian Infantry Brigade. At almost the same time, the Regiment formed the "Y" Troop to reinforce the armoured squadron of the 27th Canadian Infantry Brigade in Europe. This Brigade, the first Canadian force sent overseas in peacetime, was stationed near Hanover, in the Federal Republic of Germany. In the late 1950s, the role of the Militia changed; this was the era of civil defence. The members of the Regiment took part in rescue exercises and emergency measures in the event of a nuclear war. The unit subsequently resumed its armoured training. With the reorganisation of the Canadian Army into the Canadian Forces, several units were put onto the Supplementary Order of Battle. The National Capital Region's armoured reconnaissance unit IV Princess Louise's Dragoon Guards was transferred to the Supplementary Order of Battle, along with many other units. To compensate for the closure of the reconnaissance unit the Regiment's heavy armour role was gradually modified to that of a light armoured formation. The unit was equipped with machine-gun mounted jeeps for the purpose. This is why, since 1974, the Regiment has acted as a reconnaissance unit in the Eastern Area, which has now become 2nd Canadian Division. In 1979, the Regiment won the Worthington Trophy for the best Militia armoured unit. This was the crowning achievement after a series of trophies won in various military competitions, including the prestigious Buchanan Trophy, which is awarded to the best Quebec unit. Since 1948, Canada has taken part in many peacekeeping operations, either with the UN or other international organizations. Over 100,000 members of the Canadian Forces have served in these operations. As of January 1, 2000, 107 Canadian soldiers have died in the course of these missions. Canadian soldiers have developed an unusual degree of expertise and are now highly sought after for such missions. Members of Le Régiment de Hull are no exception to the rule: many of them have had an opportunity to participate in missions in Cyprus, Israel, Haiti and the former Yugoslavia. Members most recently served in the former Yugoslavia, Bosnia, Israel, Egypt, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Haiti. Alongside their colleagues in the Regular Force, the members of the Regiment in 1988 shared the honour of receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, which was awarded to "blue helmets" throughout the world. Le Régiment de Hull was awarded its first battle honour on May 9, 2014, when it was announced that the regiment would receive the theatre honour AFGHANISTAN. The battle honour was presented to the unit on October 14, 2017 during a ceremony presided by the lieutenant governor of Quebec, J. Michel Doyon QC. Like most infantry unit, the Regiment followed the tradition of parading under the shadow of their Colours. In 1924, the Governor General, Baron Byng of Vimy, presented the unit with its Regimental Colours and Royal Colours, a gift from honorary Lieutenant-Colonel J.E. Gravelle. This impressive ceremony took place on the square in front of City Hall in Hull with thousands of onlookers. The Colours were all white and fringed in gold, bearing the regiment's badge in gold and silver thread, with the tower against a pale blue background. The Colours were unique in the Canadian military in that they were all white, as the unit had not yet spilled blood under its own banners. On October 16, 1982, the Colours were paraded for the last time and laid to rest, exposed to the public at la Maison du Citoyen, in Hull, Quebec. On that same day, the Governor General, the Right Honourable Edward Schreyer, presented the Regiment with its first Guidon. The new guidon is painstakingly embroidered on red damask and fringed in gold. The regiment's badge figures prominently and incorporates 2 rams, recalling the unit's service in the infantry, and 2 fleurs-de-lys, symbolizing its Francophone status. Upon being stood up, the Regiment was initially authorized to use the motto "Non Retrorsum", which is Latin for "We will not retreat". This motto was used until 1923, when the unit's name was changed to Le Régiment de Hull. "On ne passe pas", French for "None shall pass" appears to have been inspired by the words of General Robert Nivelle at the Battle of Verdun in 1916. During a staff meeting, he spat "On ne passe pas!" when speaking of the German forces seeking to take Verdun. The official drink of Le Régiment de Hull is Calvados. This traditions comes from members of the Regiment who returned from the war after serving as reinforcements to the Régiment de Maisonneuve, Régiment de la Chaudière and Le Fusiliers Mont-Royal during the Normandy Campaign of 1944. The drink was offered (and sometimes "liberated") to Canadian soldiers while passing through Normandy and the drink became popular with the troops. The unit's official March is "La Marche de la Victoire" (French: The March of Victory). It was composed during the Second World War by Joseph Beaulieu, a musical composer with close ties to the Regiment's band at the time. The Regiment does not have a slow march. Over the course of its history, the Régiment de Hull has won the following trophies: As early as 1923, the Commanding Officer Lieutenant-Colonel Rodolphe Girard, had dreamed of a proper armoury. This was to be a lengthy undertaking requiring the devotion of successive Commanding Officers. Finally, thanks to the perseverance of Régiment de Hull Commanding Officers and to the combined efforts of the civilian, religious, political and military authorities of the day, the first subsidies for what was to become the Salaberry Armoury were voted by Parliament on 18 February 1937, in large measure due to the efforts of the MP for Hull, Alphonses Fournier, QC. The Salaberry Armoury stands at the intersection of Taché and Saint-Joseph Boulevards, on an enormous lot donated by Lieutenant-Colonel W. F. Hadley, VD, the Commanding Officer of Le Régiment de Hull from 1927 to 1931. Since then, almost half the land along Saint-Joseph Blvd has been converted into a park. The laying of the cornerstone and christening of the new armoury took place on July 21, 1938. The plans had been drawn by a local architect, Lucien Sarra-Bournet, presumably based upon the 2-year-old plans for the Seaforth Armoury. Six months later, on 28 January 1939, less than a year before the declaration of hostilities with the Third Reich, His Excellency Lord Tweedsmuir, presided over the official opening of Salaberry Armoury. Sixty years on, these two armouries remains some of Canada's most impressive military buildings. The Salaberry Armoury was named in honour of Colonel Charles Michel de Salaberry, celebrated as "the saviour of our country" following his victory at Châteauguay, one of the most important battles of the War of 1812. </doc> <doc id="2345887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345887" title="Frayser, Memphis"> Frayser, Memphis Frayser is a community in North Memphis, Tennessee, United States. Frayser is the western tip of a peninsula created by the Loosahatchie and Wolf Rivers as they converge into the Mississippi River just north of Downtown Memphis. Mud Island is the peninsula's southwest tip. Because it is situated between the 3rd and 6th of the Mississippi River's Chickasaw Bluffs, early settlers called it "The Point." In 1818 the territory bounded by the Ohio River on the north, the Tennessee River on the east, and the Mississippi River on the west was purchased from the Indians. Andrew Jackson represented US government at the transaction and the new territory became known as The Jackson Purchase and what is now Western Tennessee and Western Kentucky. Much of the land now known as Frayser was given to a Mr. Hendron for his services in the North Carolina State Militia during the Revolutionary War. In 1822, Anderson B. Carr, Dr. Frank Rice and J.C. McLemore purchased here. One of the earliest settlers was a Mr. Cousins, who came from southern England just prior to the Civil War. He established his home in the area and, using slave labor, had many beautiful terraces carved out of the face of the hill behind the old Harvester Plant. Mr. Cousins opened one of the first country stores in the area on the Randolph Road off N. Second St. He also operated a cotton gin on the place. In 1858 Reverend Davidson, a circuit-riding Methodist minister, began a four church circuit through North Shelby County. He legally described his Frayser stop as “Under the giant Oak tree on Point Church Road,” which then was a path through farmland with thousands of Oak trees. Accounts of early services indicate lots of singing, shouting and praying in an interdenominational congregation. The old church cemetery located in the 3900 block of Overton Crossing has gravestones dated 1878. After several years of meetings outdoors, a small wood chapel was built. Called The Point Chapel, it was located near what is now the southwest corner of the Southwest Tennessee Community College Gill Center. In 1869, tracks of the Paducah & Memphis Railroad were laid from Memphis to Covington as part of the Chesapeake, Ohio & Southwestern Railroad. In 1873 a reporter described his trip to Covington by rail. He told of “wild looking, heavily timbered country” north of the Wolf River. He added, “there were a few highly cultivated farms with tasteful improvements but, what was usually seen from the train were little clearings as in some wild western country...not a single well worked field of corn or cotton was seen on either side.” The old C.O. & S tracks, which now go through a deep ravine cut by the I.C.R.R. once climbed a hill at “Gooseneck Bend” so steep that push engines were used to make the grade. On September 19, 1877 a Post Office was established on the Paducah & Memphis line. At that time The Point was very sparsely populated with a combination of small farms and summer estates owned by rich Memphians. Dr. J. R. Frayser, a prominent old Memphis physician, was one of many wealthy Memphians who invested in property along the new railroad to the north and built a summer home to use as a haven when fever epidemics struck Memphis. His land was at the intersection of roads leading to Big Creek (Millington Rd.) and Raleigh (Whitney-Dellwood), across from the small railroad depot that become known as Frayser Station. The arrival of the railroad through The Point brought immigration. An Italian vegetable farmer named Dallosta settled on The Point and began sponsored other farming immigrant families from his home in northern Italy. By 1900, Frayser Station had become a predominantly Italian community. In 1889, the C.O. & S. railroad line was purchased by the Illinois Central system. At that time the ICRR connected Chicago with Fulton, KY. The ICRR added lines going to New Orleans and changed its name to the I.C. Gulf R.R. For years the passenger train through Frayser was called the Fulton Accommodation. Frayser Station was not the depot on The Point. A railroad stop two miles (3 km) farther north was named for Squire Ben Felt, a prominent resident who helped form The Point Church, and a third was located at Overton, on the south side of the Loosahatchie River. Another community east of Frayser Station, above the Hindman Ferry, became a futuristic subdivision called Rugby Hills Estates. The area north of Rugby Hills was called Ardmore. With the automobile came the demise of passenger traffic on the railroad. The railroad depots were closed and over the years the station part of the name was dropped. Today, the entire western tip of what was The Point is simply known as Frayser. Frayser developed in the mid twentieth century as an industrial, working class suburb due to its proximity to the industrial area of Memphis, including a large International Harvester plant. On January 1, 1958 the City of Memphis annexed the community. Frayser has long been home to the working class Americans. However, as factories in the area began to close, the population of Frayser began to markedly dwindle in the 1970s and 1980s, and it stands at 51,068 today. With a large majority of its residents earning incomes below the poverty line, only 6% holding college degrees, and a continued lack of business and industrial investment, the neighborhood is now one of the most economically depressed and highest crime-rated areas of Memphis. Most of the population of the ZIP code 38127, which has some rural areas and extends to Shelby Forest, is concentrated in Frayser. Frayser covers an area of 19.742 square miles with a population of 41,943 Population density: Frayser: 2,125 people per square mile Memphis: 2,339 people per square mile Read more: http://www.city-data.com/neighborhood/Frayser-Memphis-TN.html#ixzz49ZOmuUjV Median household income in 2013: Frayser: $32,019 Memphis: $36,722 Read more: http://www.city-data.com/neighborhood/Frayser-Memphis-TN.html#ixzz49ZTWTFVF Zip codes: 38127. Males: 19,475 Females: 22,470 Median age: Males: This neighborhood: 30.3 years Whole city: 31.6 years Females: This neighborhood: 33.5 years Whole city: 34.6 years Average household size: Frayser: 2.9 people Memphis: 2.5 people Percentage of family households: Frayser: 57.8% Memphis: 47.0% Percentage of married-couple families (among all households): Here: 25.2% Memphis: 29.9% Percentage of married-couple families with children (among all households): Frayser: 8.5% Memphis: 15.7% Percentage of single-mother households (among all households): Frayser: 28.6% Memphis: 19.8% Percentage of never married males 15 years old and over: Frayser: 22.4% Memphis: 22.6% Percentage of never married females 15 years old and over: Frayser: 29.8% Memphis: 22.7% Percentage of people that speak English not well or not at all: Frayser: 1.0% Memphis: 2.6% Percentage of people born in this state: Here: 79.9% Memphis: 64.3% Percentage of people born in another U.S. state: Frayser: 18.0% Memphis: 28.6% Percentage of native residents but born outside the U.S.: Here: 0.8% city: 0.9% Percentage of foreign born residents: Here: 1.7% Memphis: 6.2% Read more: http://www.city-data.com/neighborhood/Frayser-Memphis-TN.html#ixzz49ZTx58Rv Ethnicity statistics<br> Black: 74.2%<br> White: 23.9%<br> Hispanic: 1.2%<br> Source: Demographics Now, U.S. Census, 2000 The neighborhood faces environmental problems because of industrial waste runoff and contamination at or near the sites of now abandoned factories, which has made some land in Frayser virtually uninhabitable without cleanup. The community is home of multi-award winning songwriter Gary Harrison. Among his many hit songs is "Wrong Side of Memphis", a number one record for Trisha Yearwood. It is an autobiographical song about leaving Frayser for Nashville. Greg Cartwright of the Memphis-based bands The Oblivians, The Compulsive Gamblers and his current group, Reigning Sound was born and raised in Frayser. Cartwright is considered a garage rock legend and continues to perform sold-out shows across the world and release highly acclaimed records.[] Hip-hop artists such as Academy Award winning Frayser Boy, fellow Hypnotize Minds member Lil Wyte, Trigg Bambino, and Yo Gotti hail from the Frayser community. Dallas Cowboys free safety Ken Hamlin attended Frayser High School. Frayser was a part of the Memphis Board of Education until the Board of Education submitted their charter to return under the auspices of the Shelby County School District thus making Frayser and Memphis a part of the Shelby County School as the unified school district. On July 1, 2013 the district was rezoned to Shelby County Schools. With the state changes in the education process, the Achievement School District was created and a number of school agencies sprouted in the Frayser Community including charter schools and a Montessori school. In February 2012 the Achievement School District announced that it planned to take over management of Corning Elementary School, Frayser Elementary School, and Westside Middle school in Frayser. </doc> <doc id="2345890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2345890" title="KPIG-FM"> KPIG-FM KPIG-FM (107.5 FM, "K-PIG") is a radio station located near the city of Santa Cruz, California, United States. Founded in 1988, the studio is based in Watsonville, California, and broadcasts to the counties of Santa Cruz and Monterey. It also has a radio repeater on 94.9 MHz FM in San Luis Obispo County as KPYG (since 2004). The station's logo, designed by John F. Johnson, features a sunglasses-wearing pig in farmer's clothing and a cowboy hat. In 2001 the station was bought by Mapleton Communications. KPIG operates a loosely defined progressive full service format encompassing folk, blues, rock, and Americana, with disc jockeys given authority to choose their own playlists. KPIG has strong community ties featuring local disc jockeys, local sponsors, local news and commentary, and the Hog Call line, a free community call-in line for leaving recorded announcements that will be played on the air. Much like newspaper classifieds, common "Hog Calls" are regarding items for sale or upcoming community events. Among its most well known programs are "Cousin Al's Bluegrass Show" on Sunday nights, "Uncle Sherman's Dirty Boogie" on Saturday nights, "Please Stand By" the in-studio live music show, on Sunday mornings. "Please Stand By", hosted by Sleepy John Sandidge, features local and world-famous Country, Folk, and Blues acts. The station also hosts several popular music festivals each year including the Humbug Hoedown in December, and is the radio volunteer for the free music festival each October in Golden Gate Park called Hardly Strictly Bluegrass. KPIG is well known worldwide as well. It was one of the first radio stations in the world to webcast their program, going online on August 2, 1995 during Cousin Al's show. Frequently song requests are submitted via e-mail from listeners around the globe. Indirect references to KPIG appear in the songs "I'm Coming Home" by Robert Earl Keen and "Beer Run" (which references the Robert Keen song) by Todd Snider, both of whom are frequently featured on the air and perform at KPIG's events. In March 2010, KPIG placed its audio stream behind a paywall. On October 1, 2012, KPIG launched an ad-free "KPIG Online Radio" app in the Apple App Store. A monthly subscription purchased through the official website is required for streaming. KPIG's predecessor was KFAT, broadcasting out of Gilroy, California from 1976 to 1982. Much of KPIG's founding staff and current on-air personalities worked at KFAT. KFAT specialized in true Country and Folk as well as many off-beat oddities. Archived tapes of broadcasts are still streamed from the KFAT web site. Program Director, Laura Ellen Hopper (April 29, 1950 – May 28, 2007), had produced a side-project webcast, the Cowboy Cultural Society web site and stream that plays contemporary and classic Cowboy music. Former morning disc jockey Dallas Dobro is also the regular mainstage Master of Ceremonies at the twice-annual Strawberry Music