Heatherton's first television role as a dramatic actress came in 1960 when she guest-starred as a wealthy, spoiled teen on an early episode of "Route 66". During the early 1960s, Heatherton was frequently cast as a troubled teenager due to her "sexy-kid look". Beginning in the mid-1960s, Heatherton began to gain attention for her sensual dancing on television, which some viewers considered shocking and some critics derided as "sleazy eroticism". In 1964 she appeared on "The Tonight Show", where she coached Johnny Carson on the finer points of dancing "The Frug." She received major publicity following her guest appearances on the January 1965 premiere episode of the teen dance show "Hullabaloo". She was featured on several more episodes of the show, and released "Hullabaloo", a song that she had performed on the show, on Coral Records. At the invitation of Dean Martin, Heatherton also appeared extensively on "The Dean Martin Show", starting with the premiere episode of September 16, 1965. She was a mystery guest on the game show "What's My Line?" on November 7, 1965, the last show on which Dorothy Kilgallen appeared. From June to September 1968, along with Frank Sinatra, Jr., Heatherton co-hosted Martin's summer-substitute musical comedy hour, "Dean Martin Presents the Golddiggers". She also made multiple appearances on other 1960s television variety shows, such as "The Andy Williams Show", "The Hollywood Palace", "The Ed Sullivan Show", and "This Is Tom Jones". Between 1965 and 1977, Heatherton performed live in Bob Hope's touring USO troupe, entertaining the GIs with her singing, dancing and provocative outfits. Excerpts from the USO tours were televised as part of Hope's long-running series of NBC monthly specials, culminating in the top-rated Christmas shows, where Heatherton's segments were regularly featured. Throughout the 1960s, Heatherton interspersed her variety show appearances with dramatic turns on episodes of numerous television series, including "Mr. Novak", "The Virginian", "The Nurses", "I Spy", and "It Takes a Thief". Heatherton also appeared in the movies "Twilight of Honor" (1963), "Where Love Has Gone" (1964), and "My Blood Runs Cold" (1965). In her film debut, "Twilight of Honor", she played the young wife of an accused murderer (Oscar-nominee Nick Adams). The only one of the three films to be made in color, 1964's "Where Love Has Gone", was a big-budget melodrama based on Harold Robbins' "roman à clef" about the scandalous Lana Turner–Cheryl Crane–Johnny Stompanato manslaughter case, with Heatherton playing the daughter of the Turner character (Susan Hayward). The William Conrad thriller "My Blood Runs Cold" marked Heatherton's first leading role in a film, opposite Troy Donahue. By the 1970s, Heatherton's career was slowing down, but she was still popular enough to do a series of television ads for RC Cola and Serta mattresses. She performed in Las Vegas and acted in a few television shows and films, including the 1972 thriller "Bluebeard" (with Richard Burton in the title role). In 1972, Heatherton also released her first album, "The Joey Heatherton Album". The first single, a cover of the 1957 Ferlin Husky song "Gone", spent 15 weeks on the "Billboard's" Hot 100, peaking at #24. The second single, "I'm Sorry", peaked at #87. A brief high point came in July 1975, when she headlined "Joey & Dad", a four-week Sunday night summer replacement series for Cher's 1975-76 variety show, in which Heatherton performed alongside her own father. Each episode would involve Ray Heatherton waxing nostalgic over life with his daughter while rooting through his attic. In 1977, Heatherton played the starring role as Xaviera Hollander in the Watergate-inspired "The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington". In 1990, she returned to the screen with a small role as a religious fanatic in John Waters' teen musical comedy film "Cry-Baby". In 1997, Heatherton appeared nude in an issue of "Playboy". Her most recent acting role was in the 2002 Damon Packard film "Reflections of Evil". In April 1969, Heatherton married Lance Rentzel, a Dallas Cowboys wide receiver, in New York City. In November 1970, Rentzel was arrested for exposing himself to a 10-year-old girl. He pleaded guilty to the charge and promised to undergo psychiatric treatment. Rentzel was given a suspended sentence. Heatherton filed for divorce in September 1971 and her career lost its luster; some say she never recovered from the psychic shock of Rentzel’s offense. It became final in 1972. In July 1985, she was arrested and charged with theft of services for refusing to pay a $4,906 bill from a hotel and spa in Long Island where she stayed in 1984. She pleaded not guilty to the charge. On July 8, 1985, she was arrested and charged with interfering with a government agent's duties and disturbing the peace after she allegedly slapped and pulled the hair of a clerk at Manhattan's U.S. Passport Agency office. She was acquitted of both charges in September 1986. On August 30, 1986, Heatherton was arrested for assault in Hillcrest, Rockland County, New York, after she stabbed Jerry Fisher, her former boyfriend and ex-manager, in the hand with a steak knife during an argument. Fisher was later treated at a local hospital and released. After her arrest, Heatherton told police who she was, but they did not believe her. She then handed one of the officers her purse to verify her identity. While looking through Heatherton's purse, the officer found a foil packet with less than a gram of cocaine. Heatherton was charged with assault and misdemeanor drug possession. Jerry Fisher later dropped the charge of assault against Heatherton. In October 1987, a court ruled that the search was unconstitutional as Heatherton was not advised that she could refuse a purse search. As a result, the misdemeanor drug possession was dropped. On "SCTV", Catherine O'Hara created a character named Lola Heatherton, an amalgam of Heatherton and Lola Falana. The character spoofed both women, especially in their later appearances on television variety shows in the 1970s. Lola's oft-repeated catch-phrase was "I wanna bear your children!", usually followed by a loud stage-laugh. In "The Simpsons" episode "The Trouble with Trillions" (Season 9, Episode 20), the character Moe Szyslak says that if granted one wish it would be a night with Joey Heatherton before regretting the choice when another character suggests an ironed shirt. In another episode of "The Simpsons" entitled "Sweet Seymour Skinner's Baadasssss Song", Bart sees a picture of Principal Skinner taken during his Military service in Vietnam. The picture is of the then Sergeant Skinner surrounded by the disgruntled looking men under his command. Principal Skinner reveals the photo was taken shortly before being mysteriously shot in the back during a Bob Hope U.S.O. show as he was trying to get Joey Heatherton to put on some pants. The main character's final phrase in the "Monk" episode "Mr. Monk and the Badge" (Season 8, Episode 14) suggested him welcoming to find Joey Heatherthon as a surprise. In "Mad Men", (Season 7, Episode 3) Lou Avery demands his secretary get Jim Cutler on the phone stating, "I don't care if he's in bed with Joey Heatherton, get him on the horn!". In the "Two and a Half Men" episode "Does This Smell Funny to You?," Heatherton is name-checked as one of the starlets that the old man Norman (Orson Bean) had slept with in his younger days. In "The West Wing" episode "The War At Home", Sam Seaborn says "I'm not the one who got you jumping around like Joey Heatherton" referring to Ainsley Hayes' dancing when President Bartlett visits her in her office. </doc> <doc id="2337567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337567" title="Hamdi Adus Isaac"> Hamdi Adus Isaac Osman Hussain (also Hussain Osman or Hamdi Isaac) (born 27 July 1978) was found guilty of having placed an explosive at the Shepherd's Bush tube station during the failed 21 July 2005 London bombings. Born in Ethiopia, Hussain is a naturalised British citizen married to Yeshshiemebet Girma. On 29 July 2005, he was arrested during a 40-officer raid at his brother-in-law's apartment in Rome, after mobile phone calls led police to believe he was hiding there. He was later extradited to the UK in September under a European Arrest Warrant and charged with attempted murder. He stood trial along with five other suspects. During the initial investigation in Rome, Hussain said he was motivated to participate in the attacks after viewing videos of war-torn Iraq. "I am against war," Osman said. "I've marched in peace rallies and nobody listened to me. I never thought of killing people." He explained that the bombs were never meant to detonate or kill anybody, only to draw attention to the Iraq war. Hussain was alleged to have stated: "More than praying we discussed work, politics, the war in Iraq ... we always had new films of the war in Iraq ... more than anything else those in which you could see Iraqi women and children who had been killed by US and UK soldiers." Other news sources reported that the bombers watched videos of British and American troops killing women and children in Iraq before embarking on their mission. Some quoted him as saying "Muktar showed us some DVDs with images of the war in Iraq, especially women and children killed by American and British soldiers," Hussain said, adding that they were not to talk about these videos with others. "There was a feeling of hatred and conviction that it was necessary to give signal — to do something." Hussain denied links with either the Al-Qaeda or the 7 July bombers. He claimed there was no bomb in his rucksack, just ordinary flour and a detonator meant to make the loud popping sound that was heard. On 9 July 2007 Hussain Osman was found guilty at Woolwich Crown Court of conspiracy to murder and sentenced to a minimum of 40 years in prison. In April 2008, the Court of Appeal judges dismissed a challenge by Ibrahim, Omar, Mohammed and Osman to their convictions. In December 2014, the European Court of Human Rights rejected an appeal lodged in 2008 by Ibrahim, Omar and Mohammed claiming that their rights were breached in the 'safety interviews' after their arrests. </doc> <doc id="2337572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337572" title="Nykesha Sales"> Nykesha Sales Nykesha Simone Sales (born May 10, 1976) is an assistant coach at the University of Central Florida. She is a former professional basketball player in the WNBA, as well as playing in the Bosnian league for the ZKK Mladi Krajisnik club. Her primary position is the small forward. Her second position is shooting guard. In 1999 Sales was added to the roster of the USA FIBA Senior National Team. Her brother Brooks Sales played forward for Villanova from 1998–2002, and currently plays overseas in Spain for the Club Baloncesto Breogán of Lugo. Sales attended Bloomfield High School in Bloomfield, Connecticut, and lettered in basketball. She was named the "USA Today" High School National Player of the Year in basketball, as a senior. Sales was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. She participated in the WBCA High School All-America Game in 1994, scoring 21 points. Sales attended the University of Connecticut (UConn) as a business major from 1994-98. She was a member of the powerhouse UConn women's basketball team. In 1995 she helped lead UConn to an undefeated NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship as well as a Final Four appearance in the 1996 NCAA Tournament. She was named Rookie of the Year in 1995. In 1997 she was a member of the Gold medal USA Women's World University Games. In 1997-98 she helped the team make two Elite Eight appearances. In the 1997-98 season, she was named to the All-American first team, Defensive Player of the Year, and also the BIG EAST Player of the Year. She was also named to the 1996-97 and 1997-98 Kodak All-America teams. Sales was a member of the inaugural class (2006) of inductees to the University of Connecticut women's basketball "Huskies of Honor" recognition program. Sales was named to the team representing the USA at the 1994 William Jones Cup competition in Taipei, Taiwan. The USA team won all eight games, winning the gold medal, but not without close calls. In three games the teams had to come from behind to win. One preliminary game ended up as a single-point victory, and the gold medal game went to overtime before the USA team beat South Korea by a single point, 90–89. Sales averaged 2.5 points per game. Sales competed with USA Basketball as a member of the 1995 Jones Cup Team that won the Bronze in Taipei. She averaged 7.8 points per game and was second on the team in steals, with ten. Sales was invited to be a member of the Jones Cup team representing the USA in 1996. She helped the team to a 9–0 record, and the gold medal in the event. Sales averaged 4.8 points per game. Sales represented the USA at the 1997 World University Games held in Marsala, Sicily, Italy in August 1997. The USA team won all six games, earning the gold medal at the event. Sales was the team's leading scorer, averaging 18.3 points per game. In the game against Cuba, Sales scored 32 points, which set a record for points scored in a gold medal game, and represents the third highest point total by an American recorded at the World University Games. Sales left college as UConn’s all-time leading scorer with 2,178 career points. She scored the record-breaking points as part of a staged controversial layup. Sales had suffered an injury that had essentially ended her collegiate career. UConn's next game (against Villanova University) began with Villanova permitting Sales to complete an uncontested layup; UConn then returned the favor, allowing Villanova to score (the game essentially began with a 2-2 score before serious play commenced). UConn head coach Geno Auriemma felt bad that Sales did not already have the record, as he had made her sit on many occasions to avoid running up the score. The staged basket, while questioned in retrospect, was his attempt to make it up to her. He contacted the previous record holder, Kerry Bascom, as well as Big East Commissioner Mike Tranghese to ensure that the incident would not be a problem, although the media was, and to a degree continues to be, critical of the move. Sales' record would eventually be broken by Tina Charles. Incidentally, Sales wore #24 in high school, the same number worn by Kerry Bascom at Connecticut. When Sales was considering going to Connecticut, she was respectful enough of Bascom's position, that she asked if she could wear #42, reversing the digits, rather than asking to wear #24. In 1998, Sales was assigned to the Orlando Miracle as part of the expansion draft. She remained with the franchise even when the Miracle relocated to Uncasville, Connecticut and was renamed the Connecticut Sun prior to the 2003 season. She helped lead the team to the WNBA Finals in 2004 and 2005. Sales has been named to the WNBA All-Star team six times. Until she missed 12 games in the 2006 season, Sales had started 248 consecutive regular season games, the second longest such streak in WNBA history. Despite repeatedly making the annual all-star team since the beginning of her career, Sales was left off the announced All-Decade Team on June 13, 2006 as part of a celebration of the league's 10th Anniversary. On March 11, 2008, Sales noted that she would not participate in the 2008 WNBA campaign due to nagging injuries. Sales also noted that her sitting out was not an early retirement, but just a break. However, she ultimately did not return to the WNBA. Ms. Sales has also been an active participant in the SportsUnited Sports Envoy program for the U.S. Department of State. In this function, she has traveled to Cape Verde, Haiti, the Republic of Korea, Uganda, Ukraine, and Venezuela, where she worked with the likes of Becky Bonner, Christopher Clunie, Samuel Dalembert, Alex English, Willie Greens, Jason Maxiell and Tamika Raymond to conduct basketball clinics and events that directly or indirectly reached more than 2350 youth from underserved areas. In so doing, Sales helped contribute to SportsUnited's mission to reach out to youth populations in order to promote community leadership, education, women's inclusion and empowerment, inclusion of marginalized communities, and the inclusion of people with disabilities. </doc> <doc id="2337573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337573" title="Joyce Ballantyne"> Joyce Ballantyne Joyce Ballantyne (April 4, 1918 – May 15, 2006) was a painter of pin-up art. She is best known as the designer of the Coppertone girl, whose swimming costume is being pulled down by a dog. She was born in Norfolk, Nebraska during World War I, and grew up in Omaha. She attended the University of Nebraska for two years and then transferred to the Art Institute of Chicago to study commercial art and the American Academy of Art. After two years at the Art Institute, Ballantyne joined Kling Studios, where she painted Rand McNally maps and illustrated books for Cameo Press. She then moved to the Stevens-Gross Studio, where she remained for more than a decade. While at the studio, she became part of a group of artists that included Gil Elvgren, Al Moore, and Al Buell. In 1945 Ballantyne began painting pin-ups for Brown & Bigelow, having been recommended by Gil Elvgren. While there, she designed direct mail pin-up brochures for the company, and was eventually given the honor of creating an Artist's Sketch Pad twelve page calendar. She often used herself as a model. In 1954, Ballantyne painted twelve pin-ups for a calendar published by Shaw-Barton. Upon the calendar's release in 1955, demand was so great that the company reprinted it many times. Ballantyne then went on to paint one of the most famous advertising images ever, when Coppertone suntan lotion asked her to create a billboard image in 1959. That image, of a pigtailed girl with her bathing suit being tugged down by a small dog, has become an American icon. Her 3-year-old daughter Cheri Brand was used as the model for the girl. Joyce Ballantyne eventually moved into the realm of portraits and fine art, painting the portraits of scores of entertainment and sports personalities as well as luminaries from the business, social, and academic worlds. Subjects included comedian Jonathan Winters, Robert Smalley of Hertz, and Major General John Leonard Hines. She often resented the fact that the Coppertone girl was her most famous work, saying "Big deal, it's only baby art. I didn't feel there was anything special about that ad. Just a piece I was commissioned to do and nothing more." In 1974, Ballantyne moved with her husband to Ocala, Florida where she lived until her death from a heart attack in 2006. </doc> <doc id="2337582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337582" title="Hua Luogeng"> Hua Luogeng Hua Luogeng or Hua Loo-Keng (; 12 November 1910 – 12 June 1985) was a Chinese mathematician famous for his important contributions to number theory and for his role as the leader of mathematics research and education in the People's Republic of China. He was largely responsible for identifying and nurturing the renowned mathematician Chen Jingrun who proved Chen's theorem, the best known result on the Goldbach conjecture. In addition, Hua's later work on mathematical optimization and operations research made an enormous impact on China's economy. He was elected a foreign associate of the US National Academy of Sciences in 1982. Hua did not receive a formal university education. Although awarded several honorary PhDs, he never got a formal degree from any university. In fact, his formal education only consisted of six years of primary school and three years of middle school. For that reason, Xiong Qinglai, after reading one of Hua's early papers, was amazed by Hua's mathematical talent, and in 1931 Xiong invited him to study mathematics at Tsinghua University. Hua Luogeng was born in Jintan, Jiangsu on 12 November, 1910. Hua's father was a small businessman. Hua met a capable math teacher in middle school who recognized his talent early and encouraged him to read advanced texts. After middle school, Hua enrolled in Chinese Vocational College in Shanghai, and there he distinguished himself by winning a national abacus competition. Although tuition fees at the college were low, living costs proved too high for his means, and Hua was forced to leave a term before graduating. After failing to find a job in Shanghai, Hua returned home in 1927 to help in his father's store. In 1929, Hua contracted typhoid fever and was in bed for half a year. The culmination of Hua's illness resulted in the partial paralysis of his left leg, which impeded his movement quite severely for the rest of his life. After middle school, Hua continued to study mathematics independently with the few books he had, and studied the entire high school and early undergraduate math curriculum. By the time Hua returned to Jintan, he was already engaged in independent mathematics research, and his first publication "Some Researches on the Theorem of Sturm", appeared in the December 1929 issue of the Shanghai periodical "Science". In the following year Hua showed in a short note in the same journal that a certain 1926 paper claiming to have solved the quintic was fundamentally flawed. Hua's lucid analysis caught the eye of Prof. Xiong Qinglai at Tsinghua University in Beijing, and in 1931 Hua was invited, despite his lack of formal qualification and not without some reservations on the part of several faculty members, to join the mathematics department there. At Tsinghua, Hua began as a clerk in the library, and then moved to become an assistant in mathematics. By September 1932, he was an instructor, and two years later, after having published another dozen papers, he was promoted to the rank of lecturer. During 1935–36 Jacques Hadamard and Norbert Wiener visited Tsinghua, and Hua eagerly attended the lectures of both and created a good impression. Wiener visited England soon afterward and spoke of Hua to G. H. Hardy. In this way Hua received an invitation to come to Cambridge, England, where he stayed for two years. While at Cambridge University, Hua worked on applying the Hardy–Littlewood circle method towards problems in number theory. He produced seminal work on Waring's problem, which would establish his fame within the international math community. In 1938, after the full outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, Hua chose to return to China to Tsinghua, where he was appointed full professor despite not having any degree. At the time, with vast areas of China under Japanese occupation, Tsinghua University, Peking University, and Nankai University had merged into the Southwest Associated University in Kunming, capital of the southern province Yunnan. In spite of the hardships of poverty, enemy bombings, and relative academic isolation from the rest of the world, Hua continued to produce first-rate mathematics. During his eight years there, Hua studied Vinogradov's seminal method of estimating trigonometric sums and reformulated it in sharper form, in what is now known universally as Vinogradov's mean value theorem. This famous result is central to improved versions of the Hilbert–Waring theorem, and has important applications to the study of the Riemann zeta function. Hua wrote up this work in a booklet titled "Additive Theory of Prime Numbers" that was accepted for publication in Russia as early as 1940, but owing to the war, did not appear in expanded form until 1947 as a monograph of the Steklov Institute. In the closing years of the Kunming period, Hua turned his interests to algebra and analysis towards which he soon began to make original contributions. After the war, Hua spent three months in the Soviet Union in the spring of 1946, at Ivan Vinogradov's invitation, following which Hua departed for Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton University. At Princeton, Hua worked on matrix theory, functions of several complex variables, and group theory. At this time civil war was raging in China and it was not easy to travel, and for "convenience of travel," the Chinese authorities had assigned Hua the rank of general in his passport. In the spring of 1948, Hua accepted appointment as full professor at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. However, his stay in Illinois was far too brief. In October 1949, the People's Republic of China was established, and Hua, wanting to be part of a new epoch, decided to return to China with his wife and kids, despite having settled comfortably in the United States. Back in China, Hua threw himself into educational reform and the organization of mathematical activity at the graduate level, in the schools, and among workers in the burgeoning industry. In July 1952 the Mathematical Institute of the Academia Sinica came into being, with Hua as its first director. The following year he was one of a 26-member delegation from the Academia Sinica to visit the Soviet Union in order to establish links with Russian science. Later, he was the first Chair of the Department of Mathematics and Vice President of University of Science & Technology of China (USTC), a new type of Chinese university established by the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) in 1958, which was aimed at fostering skilled researchers necessary for the economic development, defense and education in science and technology. Despite his many teaching and administrative duties, Hua remained active in research and continued to write, not only on topics that had engaged him before but also in areas that were new to him or had been only lightly touched on before. In 1956, his voluminous text, "Introduction to Number Theory", appeared, and later it was published in English by Springer. "Harmonic Analysis of Functions of Several Complex Variables in the Classical Domains" came out in 1958 and was translated into Russian in the same year, followed by an English translation by the American Mathematical Society in 1963. Outside of pure math, Hua first proposed in 1952 the development of China's electronic computer, and in early 1953, an initial research team for this project was formed under Hua's leadership by the Mathematical Institute of the Academia Sinica. The start of the Great Leap Forward in 1958 came with a vehement attack on pure mathematics and intellectuals, which prompted Hua to shift towards applied mathematics. Hua developed, with Wang Yuan, a broad interest in linear programming, operations research, and multidimensional numerical integration. In connection with the last of these, the study of the Monte Carlo method and the role of uniform distribution led them to invent an alternative deterministic method based on ideas from algebraic number theory. Their theory was set out in "Applications of Number Theory to Numerical Analysis", which was published much later, in 1978, and by Springer in English translation in 1981. The newfound interest in applicable mathematics took him in the 1960s, accompanied by a team of assistants, all over China to show workers of all kinds how to apply their reasoning faculty to the solution of shop-floor and everyday problems. Whether in ad hoc problem-solving sessions in factories or open-air teachings, he touched his audiences with the spirit of mathematics to such an extent that he became a national hero and even earned an unsolicited letter of commendation from Mao Zedong, this last a valuable protection in uncertain times. Hua had a commanding presence, a genial personality, and a wonderful way of putting things simply, and the impact of his travels spread his fame and the popularity of mathematics across the land. Following the Cultural Revolution, Hua resumed contact with Western mathematicians. In 1980 Hua became a cultural ambassador of China charged with re-establishing links with Western academics, and during the next five years he travelled extensively in Europe, the United States, and Japan. In 1979 he was a visiting research fellow of the then Science Research Council of the United Kingdom at the University of Birmingham and during 1983–84 he was Sherman Fairchild Distinguished Scholar at the California Institute of Technology. He died of a heart attack at the end of a lecture he gave in Tokyo on 12 June 1985. Hua Luogeng Park in Jintan, Jiangsu has been named after him. </doc> <doc id="2337584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337584" title="Lenticular"> Lenticular Lenticular is an adjective often relating to lenses. It may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337587" title="Huaihua"> Huaihua Huaihua () is a prefecture-level city in the southwest of Hunan province, China. it covers and is bordered by Xiangxi to the northwest; Zhangjiajie, Changde to the north; Yiyang, Loudi and Shaoyang to the east; Guilin and Liuzhou of Guangxi to the south; Qiandongnan, Tongren of Guizhou to the southwest. It has 4,741,948 of population (2010 census), accounting for 7.22% of the provincial population. According to 2010 Census, there are 2,909,574 Han Chinese, Han shares 61.4% of the population, 1,832,289 population of minorities, 38.6%; Dong, Miao, Tujia, Yao and Bai are major native minorities. Huaihua is the central region of Dong ethnic population, there lives 816,481 Dong people (2010 census), it shares 28.35 per centage of Chinese Dong ethnic group. Huaihua is very mountainous, it is located between Wuyi and Xuefeng mountain ranges, Yuan river runs from the south to the north; the forest coverage reached 70.8% in 2015. Huaihua lies in the mountainous west of Hunan, south-east of Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, and shares the same mountain belt. Railroads is a major means of transportation in the region, and an airport was opened in 2004. Huaihua is home to the Second Artillery Corps Base 55, which is charged with maintaining ICBMs. The nuclear assets at Huaihua are intended for small-scale nuclear conflicts (with a limited, but nuclear, exchange), as well as the ability to strike Guam, one of only two B-2 bases. The current CPC Party Secretary of Huaihua is Peng Guofu and the current Mayor is Lei Shaoye. Huaihua is located at a major railway node and its economy has historically benefited from the concentration of railways meeting in the city. Three major railways, the Shanghai–Kunming Railway, the Jiaozuo–Liuzhou Railway, and the Chongqing–Huaihua Railway, intersect in the city. Through these railways Huaihua has connections to almost all major Chinese cities. Passenger trains are served by the Huaihua Railway Station. Huaihua is on the route of G65 Baotou-Maoming Expressway, which connects it with Chongqing to the northwest. It is also on the route of G60 Shanghai–Kunming Expressway, which connects it with Guiyang to the west, and Changsha to the east. Other roads that run through the city include China National Highway 209 and China National Highway 320. By air, Huaihua is served by Zhijiang Airport, located some 31 kilometers from the city proper in the Zhijiang Dong Autonomous County. </doc> <doc id="2337591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337591" title="Buddha Dordenma statue"> Buddha Dordenma statue Great Buddha Dordenma is a gigantic Shakyamuni Buddha statue in the mountains of Bhutan celebrating the 60th anniversary of fourth king Jigme Singye Wangchuck. The statue houses over one hundred thousand smaller Buddha statues, each of which, like the Great Buddha Dordenma itself, are made of bronze and gilded in gold. The Great Buddha Dordenma is sited amidst the ruins of Kuensel Phodrang, the palace of Sherab Wangchuck, the thirteenth Desi Druk, overlooking the southern approach to Thimphu, the capital of Bhutan. Construction began in 2006 and was planned to finish in October 2010, however construction did not conclude until 25 September 2015. The completed work is one of the largest Buddha rupas in the world, at and contains 100,000: 8-inch-tall and 25,000: 12-inch-tall gilded bronze Buddhas. The statue was constructed at a cost of millions USD paid to Aerosun Corporation of Nanjing, China, Sponsorship from Singaporean, while the total cost of the entire project is well over millions of USD Men Supporter from Singaporean, the interior will accommodate respectively. Ground floor of Biggest Buddha Statues : in Backside centre Buddha Shakyamuni Statues 7 ft tall, and right Sharibu, left Mongalbu 6 ft tall, and 16 Arhats, and Genyin-Dharmata, King Hashang make by Clays gold paint and Silk cover. Pemalingpa, Zhabdrung, all of Status 5 ft tall, Centre following eight Pillars Guru Padmasomabava, Dakini Mendarawa, Dakini Yeshe Tshogel, Guru Tshoke Dorje, Guru Shakyasenge, Guru Padmasamva, Guru Loden Chokse, Guru Padma Gyelpo, Guru Nyima Oizer, Guru Senge Dradog, Guru Dorje Droloe, all of Status 5 ft tall gold gilded make by bronze. wall painting 5meter hight by 220 meters long internal over 1000 defends live peruse history of Buddha Shakyamunis, and 12 inch Buddha puts surrounding in the wall. First floor centre Four Face Buddha Kuenrig Namparnangzad 12 ft tall, Eight Boddhisatovas: Menzusir Jamyang, Vajrapani Chanadoje, Avaloketeshora Chenrezig, Cintigarba Sainyingpo, Sarwanevaranavescamven Dripanamsey, Asakagarba Namkhainyingpo, Metrea Jampagonpo, Samantabadra Kuntuzangpo. All of Statues are 18 ft tall make by bronze and gold plated. Wall painting tells 12 history of Buddha Shakyamuni, and 12inch Buddha puts surrounding in the wall. Third Floor Eight Medicine Buddhas : King Vendurya, King Shakyamuni, King Amitava, King Ngonkhen, King Drayang, King Serzang, King Drime-Nangwa, King Tshenlek, all 5 ft tall gold gilded make by bronze. Fourth Floor Backside centre Guru Ngangsid-zilnoen, Heroka Kagad, Heroka Gongdue, Heroka Vazarkilaya, Guru Horsokmarkdok, Vajradara-Dechok, Kurukule Lhamoriggadma, Vajrayogini-Dorjephakmo, Guru Rigzindakpo all 7 ft tall standing Make by Clay painting Gold. Front centre chamber Sevens Reunion Buddhas: Namparzig, Tsuktorchen, Thamchadchob, Khorwajig, Serthub, Oisung, Shakyamuni, and right lift chamber : 12 Buddha Shakyamuni History Buddha’s Mother, Siddhartha’s waiting, Crown Price, Buddha-hoot so forth all 5 ft tall of Status gold gilded make by bronze. Fifth Floor Centre Samentabadra Kunzang yabyum, Verochana Namnag yabyum, Vazarsatova Dorsem yabyum, Radnasambava Rinjung Yabyum, Amitava Oipakmed yabyum, Amukasidhi Doendrub yabyum, Amitayus Tshepakmed yabyum, Avaloketeshora Chenrezig Gylwagyamtsho yabyum, Vajradara Dorchang Yabyum, all 5 ft tall Make by Clay gold painting. The interior will accommodate respectively Country and Names of contributors : Americans, Australians, Bhutanese, Brazils, Brunei, Burmese, Canadians, Cambodians, Chinese, Dubai, Germany, Hong Kong, Holland, Indian, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, London, Macao, Malaysian, Singaporean, Sri Lankans, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwanese, Thailand, and Vietnamese are displayed in the meditation hall which forms the throne of the Great Buddha Dordenma. Apart from commemorating the centennial of the Bhutanese monarchy, it fulfills two prophecies. It was prophesied that a large statue of either Guru Padmasambhava, Buddha or of a (Vajrakilaya) phurba would be built in the region to bestow blessings, peace and happiness on the world. Additionally, Building area region between Wong - Paro, the statue is mentioned in the ancient terma of Guru Padmasambhava himself, said to date from approximately the sixth century, and recovered some 672 years ago by terton Dorje Lingpa was born in 1346. And 104 years After 568 years ago by terton Pema Lingpa. Under the eyes of the Buddha statue, the Kuensel Phodrang nature park formally opened in 2011. Kuensel Phodrang Land of Buddha area 145 acres was a gift to Monks Body of Bhutan all Bhutanese for gathering area by King of Bhutan. The park conserves 798.4 acres of forest area that surrounds the Buddha Dordenma statue and houses two public outdoor gymnasiums which opened in 2015. </doc> <doc id="2337598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337598" title="Punky Brüster – Cooked on Phonics"> Punky Brüster – Cooked on Phonics Punky Brüster – Cooked on Phonics is the debut studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, originally released as Cooked on Phonics under the fictional band name Punky Brüster. It was released on Townsend's label, HevyDevy Records, on March 19, 1996. It is a metal/punk rock parody concept album written by Townsend. "Cooked on Phonics" tells the story of a fictitious death metal band "from South Central Poland" called Cryptic Coroner that sells out their metal look and sound to become a commercial punk rock band called Punky Brüster (the band's name being a pun on the 1980s U.S. television series "Punky Brewster"). At the end of the track "Larry's O," Townsend says the album took "A week-and-a-half to write, six days to record, 12 hours to mix." Each member of the project is credited under two aliases, the first as a Punky Brüster member, and the second as a Cryptic Coroner member. </doc> <doc id="2337599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337599" title="Brian Shaw"> Brian Shaw Brian Keith Shaw (born March 22, 1966) is an American retired professional basketball player and former head coach for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He could play both guard positions, but was used primarily at point guard over the course of his 14 seasons in the league. Shaw grew up in Oakland, California with other future basketball stars such as Antonio Davis, Jason Kidd, and Gary Payton, as well as Demetrius "Hook" Mitchell. In his youth, he was a participant at the East Oakland Youth Development Center, a local community organization where he played basketball. He attended Westlake Middle School and then Bishop O'Dowd High School in Oakland. For college, he attended St. Mary's College of California for his freshman and sophomore years of college, then transferred to UC Santa Barbara for his junior and senior seasons. In his senior year, he was named Pacific Coast Athletic Association (PCAA) player of the year as he led the Gauchos to their first ever NCAA tournament berth. He was taken with the 24th overall pick by the Boston Celtics in the 1988 NBA draft. In 1988, Shaw signed a one-year contract with the Celtics. In 1989, Shaw signed a two-year contract to play with an Italian team, Il Messaggero Roma. At the end of January 1990, Shaw signed a 5-year deal with the Celtics. In June of that year, Shaw told the Celtics he planned to play for Il Messaggero during the 1990 season. The ensuing contract dispute, Boston Celtics v. Brian Shaw, which Shaw lost, became a relatively famous sports law case and is read in many law school contracts classes. During his NBA career, he played for the Celtics, Miami Heat, Orlando Magic, Golden State Warriors, Philadelphia 76ers, Portland Trail Blazers, and Los Angeles Lakers. He was a member of four squads that made NBA Finals appearances: the 1995 Magic and the 2000, 2001, and 2002 Lakers (with the Laker teams all winning championships). He also played for the US national team in the 1986 FIBA World Championship, winning the gold medal. In the final between the US and Soviet Union, Shaw hit a key three-pointer in the closing seconds. The American team won the game by two points. Shaw joined the Los Angeles Lakers in 1999, re-uniting with former Orlando teammate Shaquille O'Neal. He served as a backup to All-Star shooting guard Kobe Bryant throughout the season and playoffs as the Lakers had the league's best record winning 67 games. Shaw played in all 22 of the Lakers' playoff games as they advanced past the Sacramento Kings and the Phoenix Suns before facing the Portland Trail Blazers in the Western Conference Finals. The Lakers took a 3–1 lead in the series before the Trail Blazers won games 5 and 6 to tie the series at three games apiece. In game 7, the Trail Blazers took a 71–58 lead into the fourth quarter. The Blazers shot 5 for 23 in the final quarter as the Lakers made a comeback bolstered by two clutch three-point baskets by Shaw. The Lakers won the game and made the NBA Finals to face the Indiana Pacers. Shaw started in game 3 in place of the injured Bryant, and then played critical minutes in the Lakers overtime win in game 4. The Lakers won the series 4–2, and Shaw won his first NBA championship. Shaw continued to back up Bryant in the 2001 season, but started a total of 28 games. He once again played a key role for the Lakers as they steamrolled through the playoffs and defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 4 games to 1 in the 2001 NBA Finals. The Lakers won a third title in the 2001–2002 season before losing in the Western Conference Semifinals to the San Antonio Spurs in the 2002–2003 season. Shaw retired following the 2003 season. While a member of the Heat, on April 8, 1993, Shaw hit a then-NBA record ten three-point field goals (out of 15 attempts) against the Milwaukee Bucks at the Bradley Center, finishing with 32 points. Starting in 1994, he was one-half of the popular "Shaw-Shaq Redemption" (named after "The Shawshank Redemption"), an alley-oop from Shaw to Shaquille O'Neal that was popular with fans in both Orlando and Los Angeles (Shaw and O'Neal were also Laker teammates). In an interview with "The Miami Herald" in 2007, O'Neal claimed that the teammate he had most respected in his career was Shaw. On NBA All-Star Weekend in 2000, held in Oakland, Shaw received a key to the City of Oakland along with his fellow Oakland natives Jason Kidd and Gary Payton. Shaw retired following the 2002–03 season. He worked for the Lakers as an Oakland-based scout during the 2003–04 season. He was appointed assistant coach of the Lakers during the 2004–05 season. He was considered for the Lakers head coaching job following Phil Jackson's retirement, but was ultimately passed over in favor of Mike Brown. Shaw left the Lakers to join the Indiana Pacers as an assistant coach. He was later promoted to associate head coach. Shaw was a highly respected assistant coach by other NBA coaches as well as the media. After spending two years on the Pacers' bench, on June 25, 2013, Shaw was announced as the head coach of the Denver Nuggets, replacing former coach George Karl. On March 3, 2015, he was fired by the Nuggets after compiling a record of 56–85 (.397) in just under two seasons. In June 2016, Shaw returned to the Los Angeles Lakers as the team's newest associate head coach under new head coach Luke Walton's coaching staff. On June 26, 1993, both of Shaw's parents and his sister were killed in an auto accident in Nevada. His sister's daughter survived the crash and Shaw, with help from his aunt, helped raise her. Shaw's wife, Nikki, is a professional chef. They married in 1998 and have three children. </doc> <doc id="2337600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337600" title="National Waterfront Museum"> National Waterfront Museum The National Waterfront Museum, Swansea or NWMS () is a museum in Swansea, Wales, forming part of Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales. It is an Anchor Point of ERIH, The European Route of Industrial Heritage. Building and exhibition design was carried out by Wilkinson Eyre and Land Design Studio respectively, and Davis Langdon was project manager for the construction National following an Architectural Design Competition managed by RIBA Competitions. The £33.5 million museum, which secured funding from the Welsh Development Agency and £11 million from the Heritage Lottery Fund was opened in October 2005. Consisting of a major new slate and glass building integrated with an existing Grade II listed warehouse (formerly the Swansea Industrial and Maritime Museum), the new museum deals with Wales' history of industrial revolution and innovation by combining significant historical artifacts with modern technologies, such as interactive touchscreens and multimedia presentation systems. Much effort has been put into accessibility for the new museum, and is one of the first museums in the United Kingdom to feature multilingual voiceovers, as well as British Sign Language captioning on all interactive content. The collections on display include maritime, transport, technology and retail artefacts. </doc> <doc id="2337603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337603" title="Antonio Rebollo"> Antonio Rebollo Antonio Rebollo Liñán (born 19 June 1955, in Madrid, Spain) is the paralympic archer who lit the Olympic Cauldron by shooting an arrow, igniting it, during the Opening Ceremony of the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. When he was eight months old, he contracted polio with both legs affected, the right one severely. He was quoted as saying "I simply wanted to do things that challenge me." He was one of 200 archers considered. There were sunrise practices, along with wind machines to simulate various weather conditions, and flaming arrows that would often singe fingers. He was among four finalists, and was chosen just two hours prior to the release of his arrow. Rebollo represented Spain at the 1984, 1988, and 1992 Summer Paralympics. He won a silver in 1984, bronze in 1988, and a second silver in 1992. </doc> <doc id="2337606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337606" title="Mount Alvernia"> Mount Alvernia Mount Alvernia (formerly Como Hill) is located on Cat Island in the Bahamas and is the highest point in the country at above sea level. The mountain shares its name with a school in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Originally named "Como Hill", it was renamed Mount Alvernia after La Verna, the hill in Tuscany where St. Francis of Assisi received the Wounds of the Cross. The mountain was given its name by a Catholic priest, Monsignor John Hawes, also known as Fra Jerome, who built a hermitage there. Hawes was an Englishman who spent the last 17 years of his life in the Bahamas. He was a qualified architect before entering the church, and did a great deal of architectural work for the church throughout the Bahamas. </doc> <doc id="2337609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337609" title="Black pride"> Black pride Black pride is a movement in response to dominant white cultures and ideologies that encourages black people to celebrate black culture and embrace their African heritage. In the United States, it was a direct response to white racism especially during the Civil Rights Movement. Related movements include black power, black nationalism, Black Panthers and Afrocentrism. Black pride is a major theme in some works of African American popular musicians. Civil Rights Movement era songs such as The Impressions's hit songs "We're a Winner" and "Keep on Pushing" and James Brown's "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud" celebrated black pride. Beyoncé's half-time performance at Super Bowl 50, which included homages to Malcolm X and the Black Panthers, has been described by the media as a display of black pride. Beauty standards are a major theme of black pride. Black pride was represented in slogans such as "black is beautiful" which challenged white beauty standards. Prior to the black pride movement, the majority of black people straightened their hair or wore wigs. The return to natural hair styles such as the afro, cornrows, and dreadlocks were seen as expressions of black pride. In the 1960s to 1970s, kente cloth and the Black Panthers uniform were worn in the U.S. as expressions of black pride. Headscarves were sometimes worn by Nation of Islam and other Black Muslim Movement members as an expression of black pride and a symbol of faith. Other women used scarves with African prints to cover their hair. Maxine Leeds Craig argues that all-black beauty pageants such as Miss Black America were institutionalized forms of black pride created in response to exclusion from white beauty pageants. The black pride movement is very prevalent in Brazil, especially throughout the poorer population, and it is found in the Brazilian funk music genre that began arose in the late 1960s, as also in funk carioca, that emerged in the late 1980s. Both the origin of Brazilian funk and funk carioca reflects Brazilian black resistance. Ethnomusicologist George Yúdice states that youths were engaging black culture mediated by a U.S. culture industry met with many arguments against their susceptibility to cultural colonization. Although it borrows some ingredients from hip hop, its style still remains unique to Brazil (mainly Rio de Janeiro and also São Paulo). Black pride has been a central theme of the originally Jamaican Rastafari movement since the second half of the 20th century. It has been described as "a rock in the face of expressions of white superiority." The slogan has been used in the United States by African Americans to celebrate heritage and personal pride. The black pride movement is closely linked with the developments of the civil rights movement and Black Power movement which opposed the conditions of the United States' segregated society, and lobbied for better treatment for people of all races. </doc> <doc id="2337612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337612" title="Trafton, Washington"> Trafton, Washington Trafton is a small unincorporated community located in Snohomish County, Washington. It is located near the city of Arlington, and although many things in the area are named Trafton (such as the historic Trafton School and Trafton Cemetery), most residents consider themselves residents of Arlington. The community derives its name from Trafalgar, Indiana. </doc> <doc id="2337614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337614" title="Do You Want To"> Do You Want To "Do You Want To" is the lead single for Franz Ferdinand's second album, "You Could Have It So Much Better". It was released 19 September 2005 and charted at number four on the UK Singles Chart. In the US, the song had the most success on the Modern Rock chart, where it peaked at number nine, while reaching number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also reached the top spot on the UK Indie Chart. In February 2006, the single was certified Gold by the RIAA. The video, directed by Diane Martel, was released on 23 August and was played every hour on MTV2 on the day it debuted. It was named the Sound Opinions single of 2005. It also came 10th in Triple J's hottest 100 for 2005. On Q's top 100 Indie Anthems Ever it was placed on number 43, Q also named it the greatest single of 2005. Pitchfork Media ranked the song at number 342 in their list of the Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s. 7" CD Maxi-CD 12" Brazil CD 2011 Digital reissue The song has appeared in many commercials and trailers, such as "Fun With Dick and Jane", "Daddy Day Camp", "Good Luck Chuck", and "New Girl". The song was featured as the ending theme song to the anime series "Paradise Kiss". It was also used on children's TV channel, cbeebies. It featured in the program "Doodle Do". The song was also used for "Dance Dance Revolution SuperNOVA", and is now available as downloadable content for the video game "Rock Band". Also appear on the Soundtracks of "Top Spin 3". It was also played in the beginning of the "" episode "Bad Beat". This song was featured in Steve Aoki's, "Pillowface and His Airplane Chronicles." </doc> <doc id="2337618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337618" title="Air Libya"> Air Libya Air Libya is a privately owned airline based in Benghazi, Libya. It was established in 1996 as Tibesti Air Libya, and was initially based in Tripoli. The company now operates charter flights in support of oil field operations, as well as providing some scheduled and "ad hoc" charter services. Its main base is Benina International Airport in Benghazi. Air Libya operates the following scheduled services: The Air Libya fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of August 2017): The airline previously operated 1 Boeing 737-200 aircraft. </doc> <doc id="2337621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337621" title="List of Gentlemen v Players matches"> List of Gentlemen v Players matches This is a list of all first-class cricket matches played between the Gentlemen and Players between 1806 and 1962. Unless otherwise stated, games lasted three days and were eleven a side. For more details, please see Gentlemen v Players. Note that there is considerable disagreement about when first-class cricket as such began, and dates put forward vary widely, from 1772 to 1864; thus, some of the early matches in this list are not considered first-class by some authorities. (See the first-class cricket article for more discussion of this subject.) Two matches were cancelled because of the outbreak of war: the first scheduled for 7 September 1914 and the second scheduled for 6 September 1939. Both these games had been due to take place at Scarborough. A further game, scheduled for 9 July 1930 at The Oval, was also cancelled. </doc> <doc id="2337628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337628" title="List of All Japan Pro Wrestling personnel"> List of All Japan Pro Wrestling personnel This is a list of professional wrestlers who currently wrestle for All Japan Pro Wrestling, as well as a list of notable alumni. The current roster consists of the Home Unit (those under exclusive contract), freelancers, gaijins and several stables. Multiple identities used by the same wrestler are in chronological order. In case of alternate identities used infrequently (Great Muta, Shiryu), the identity with the most frequency of use will be listed first. </doc> <doc id="2337629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337629" title="John Lynch (actor)"> John Lynch (actor) John Lynch (born 26 December 1961) is an Irish actor and novelist. He won the AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Actor for the 1995 film "Angel Baby". His other film appearances include "Cal" (1984), "The Secret Garden" (1993), "In the Name of the Father" (1993) and "Sliding Doors" (1998). He has also written two novels, "Torn Water" (2005) and "Falling Out of Heaven" (2010). Lynch was born in Corrinshego, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. He attended St Colman's College, Newry. He began acting in Irish language-medium plays at school during the early years of the conflict in Northern Ireland. He is the eldest of five children of an Irish father and an Italian mother from Trivento (Campobasso). His younger sister Susan and his nephew Thomas Finnegan are also actors. Lynch has appeared in numerous films related to Northern Ireland's problems such as "Cal" (1984) with Helen Mirren, "In the Name of the Father" (1993) with Daniel Day-Lewis, "The Railway Station Man" (1992) with Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland, "Nothing Personal" and "Some Mother's Son" (1996), also with Mirren, as well as the Irish-themed film "Evelyn" (2002). He starred as a supporting actor in Derek Jarman's "Edward II" (1991), as Lord Craven in Agnieska Holland's film of "The Secret Garden" (1993), as Tadhg in "The Secret of Roan Inish" (1994), and as Gerry in "Sliding Doors" (1998). Lynch played the part of football legend George Best in the 2000 film "Best". He played the lead in the Australian feature "Angel Baby", winning the Australian Film Institute award for best leading actor and the Australian Film Critics award for best actor of 1995. He was nominated for a Satellite Film Award for the film "Moll Flanders" in 1996. He worked with acclaimed Belgian director Marion Hansel on her adaptation of Booker-nominated author Damon Galgut's novel, "The Quarry" (also known as "La Faille"; 1998), which won Best Film at the Montreal Film Festival. He won Best Actor for the lead role in "Best" at the Fort Lauderdale Film Festival in 2000. He wrote and co-produced the film. He was nominated for a BAFTA for "Cal", as well as for an Irish Film and Television Award for his role in "The Baby War". He starred in "Five Day Shelter" as Stephen, which won a European Film Award and was in competition at the Rome Film Festival. He played the lead in Craig Vivieros' first feature film, the prison drama "Ghosted". He played the role of Wollfstan in "Black Death", and appeared in the 2012 film version of Michael Morpurgo's novel, "Private Peaceful". Lynch is also a novelist. His first novel, "Torn Water", was published in November 2005 by the Fourth Estate, a literary imprint of Harper and Collins, and his second, "Falling Out of Heaven", was published on 13 May 2010 by the same publisher. </doc> <doc id="2337633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337633" title="Anthony Bowie"> Anthony Bowie Anthony Lee Bowie (born November 9, 1963) is an American former professional basketball player. He is a former NBA shooting guard, most renowned for his stint with the Orlando Magic. With the Magic, Bowie became one of the top bench players, often stepping in to provide a spark and energy, timely baskets, and defensive stops. He is currently an Elementary School P.E coach. After high school, Bowie played college basketball at Seminole State, from 1982 to 1984, and at Oklahoma, from 1984 to 1986. Bowie was selected in the third round (66th overall pick), of the 1986 NBA Draft, by the Houston Rockets, out of the University of Oklahoma. After he bounced around in Europe, and in several minor leagues, playing for the Rockets in the 1986 and 1987 preseason games, and for the New Jersey Nets, during the 1988 preseason, he debuted in the NBA, with the San Antonio Spurs in 1989. After the end of the 1988–89 season, San Antonio re-signed him, and traded him for cash, to the team that drafted him, the Rockets, where he played 66 games that season. He spent the 1990–91 season in Italy, with Ranger Varese. During the 1991 off-season, he played for the Chicago Bulls. Later, in the 1991–92 season, Bowie was signed by the Orlando Magic, during a West Coast road trip, and he remained with the team for five seasons. His tenure with the Magic was his most productive. Along with Donald Royal, Bowie provided the Magic with a spark off the bench, and was often used to guard the opponent's top offensive player. He was also good at hitting the jump shot, and could also hit the three-pointer. He was also with Magic in the 1995 NBA Finals. He returned to Italy, to play with Stefanel Milano, in the 1996–97 season. In January 1998, Bowie joined the New York Knicks, and played in 27 games for them, in the 1997–98 season. Then he returned to Europe, where he won the EuroLeague championship with the Lithuania Basketball League team, Žalgiris kaunas, in 1999. Then he played in the Greek Basket League, with AEK Athens, winning with them both the FIBA Saporta Cup and the Greek Cup, in 2000. From January to June 2001, he played in Italy again, with Paf Bologna. He played in the Italian League Finals series, which Paf lost to Kinder Bologna. After that season, he retired from playing professional basketball. Bowie is most remembered for his triple-double, in which he had 20 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists. In the NBA, a triple-double is a rare accomplishment, and even more so for a reserve. In a game versus the Detroit Pistons on March 9, 1996, with the Magic up big, Bowie realized that he needed a rebound and an assist for the feat. He knew that as a bench player, there probably wouldn't be another opportunity. There were only about four seconds left in the game, and after rebounding a Detroit miss, Bowie immediately called timeout, much to the chagrin of coach Brian Hill. Hill walked away from the huddle in disgust, and let Bowie dictate the play to his teammates. Bowie proceeded to set up a play so that he can catch the inbounds pass, and pass it to a player in a position for the shot. On the other side, Detroit Pistons coach Doug Collins was also animated, and decided to pull his players from the game in protest of Bowie's poor sportsmanship. Since he could not actually bench the players, he ordered them to stand underneath the basket closest to the visitor's locker room. As Collins and his players looked on, Bowie took the inbounds pass, bounced it to a wide open David Vaughn near the basket, and he slammed it home for the tenth assist, and the triple-double. After the dunk, Bowie raced to the opposite end of the floor to apologize to Collins, but he was incredibly irate and wouldn't have any of it, and the Pistons rushed to the locker room. During the post-game press conference, Hill called the whole incident embarrassing and shameful. Bowie, on the other hand, was excited about the accomplishment. Nowadays, this incident is often mentioned every time a player has an opportunity to pad statistics for the sake of a personal goal. In 2003, Ricky Davis attempted to shoot at his own basket to complete a rebound for a triple-double. In 2004, Bob Sura of the Atlanta Hawks was denied his third consecutive triple-double by also attempting to shoot a deliberate bad shot in order to quickly retrieve his own rebound. In 2003, Bowie was named the head coach of the Bishop Moore High School's basketball team, a private school in Orlando. </doc> <doc id="2337636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337636" title="Studentenwerk"> Studentenwerk The Studentenwerk (plural: "Studentenwerke") or Studierendenwerk is a state-run non-profit organization for student affairs in Germany. Each "Studentenwerk" is organized at the local level so that it covers one or more universities. The umbrella organization for the 58 local "Studentenwerke" is the German National Association for Student Affairs (Deutsches Studentenwerk – DSW), which was founded in 1921. "Studentenwerke" provide public services for the economic, social, medical and cultural support for students enrolled at German universities. In particular, they run university cafeterias, dormitories, and provide the "BAföG" program to finance studies with grants and loans. The national association includes multiple stakeholders of German society and collaborates with other students' affairs organizations worldwide. "Studentenwerke" fulfill the following tasks: The umbrella organization "Deutsches Studentenwerk" is active in: According to the statutes, "Deutsches Studentenwerk" has three bodies: the general assembly, the Executive Board, and the Secretary General. There is also a Board of Trustees ("Kuratorium"), which is composed of the German Rectors' Conference, students, representatives of federal and regional government, the German Cities Association ("Deutscher Städtetag"), unions and employers as well as members of parliament and other public figures. The States' Council ("Länderrat") consults the Executive Board and the Secretary General in all matters of fundamental importance. The students council ("Studierendenrat"), established in May 2004, also plays an important role. It is composed of student members who are actively involved in the bodies of local "Studentenwerke". In addition to this, there are nine committees on specific subjects which consult the association. The German National Association for Student Affairs ("Deutsches Studentenwerk") strives for higher education to be a "tolerant, open and culturally diverse higher education area", in which the social and economic well-being of students is guaranteed by the "European model of strong, public, autonomous and non-profit student affairs and services". The growing internationalization of the European Higher Education Area (EHEA) involves not only research and teaching, but also involves the understanding that excellent social and economic living conditions for all students is a precondition for successful learning. It also requires broad access to higher education for all social groups in a society of knowledge. Therefore, the Deutsches Studentenwerk is working towards free, democratic and accessible higher education for everyone regardless of social background or nationality. The international and intercultural activities of DSW intend to create a free exchange of experience, mutual learning and to create new knowledge in all important areas of student affairs. Establishing and developing relationships with partner organisations abroad, including the exchange of information and experience with these organisations is a core commitment of Deutsches Studentenwerk. DSW cooperates with numerous partner organisations abroad. For more than 40 years, close relations have been maintained with partners in France, Italy, and Poland. On the European level, "Deutsches Studentenwerk" works closely with the organisations that are united in the European Council for Student Affairs (ECStA). Overseas, it cooperates with NASPA in North America and the Japanese National Federation of University Co-operative Associations. The development of collaboration with countries that have recently joined the European Union or are candidates to accession is another core task in international relations. "Deutsches Studentenwerk" is a founding member of the European Council of Student Affairs (ECStA), the European umbrella group founded in 1999. ECStA’s goal is to improve the social infrastructure at higher education institutions and to support cooperation between organisations that are active in this field. With its actions, ECStA aims to support student mobility for participants of exchange programs and for free movers, who are organising and financing their studies abroad themselves. The focus of ECStA's work lies on study financing, housing, food, counselling and cultural activities of students. Apart from this, the Council organises conferences and seminars, carries out research projects, and arranges exchange projects for students and staff. Finally, ECStA works as a consulting body for the institutions of the European Union as well as for national governments in all questions regarding the social framework of studying. </doc> <doc id="2337637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337637" title="The Roller Blade Seven"> The Roller Blade Seven The Roller Blade Seven is a 1991 cult martial arts film directed by Donald G. Jackson and starring Scott Shaw. "The Roller Blade Seven" unfolds in an abstract, dreamlike structure, utilizing minimal dialogue and repetition of footage in key scenes. Several sequences occur repeatedly, such as a scene in which the protagonist is seen to get on his motorcycle and ride out of a car-park eight times in a row, leaving from a different parking bay each time. The film follows Hawk Goodman (Scott Shaw) who is sent on a mission by Father Donaldo (Donald G. Jackson) to rescue his sister, Sister Sparrow Goodman, from the clutches of the evil overlord Pharaoh (William Smith) in the apocalyptic world of the future. The film takes place in a region known as the Wheelzone whose populace travels solely by the means of roller skates or skateboards. Hawk, however, arrives riding a Harley Davidson motorcycle. Sister Sparrow has been abducted from the Master of Light Institute by the evil Saint Offender (Joe Estevez). Before Hawk can complete his task, he must take psychedelic mushrooms with cult movie actress Karen Black and learn to rollerblade. Armed only with his samurai sword, Hawk does battle with the Black Knight (Frank Stallone), rollerblading ninjas and other gangs that inhabit the Wheelzone. Joining him on this mission are a Kabuki mime with a wiffle bat, a rollerblading banjo player entirely swathed in bandages and a pacifist named Stella Speed. Pharoh's minions have been abducting women to make them his slaves. He explains that he uses a wheelchair due to an old skateboarding accident, and he longs for the days when he used to be able to ride a skateboard. This film experienced a short theatrical release in the United States, Australia, and Europe. It found a more willing audience, however, on Cable Television and in Video and DVD release. Shaw and Jackson described the Roller Blade Seven as the first example of Zen filmmaking. This is a style of filmmaking in which no scripts are used. "The Roller Blade Seven" was followed by its first sequel, "The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven", in 1992 and a second, "Return of the Roller Blade Seven", in 1993. There is also an alternate version of the film titled, "Hawk: Warrior of the Wheelzone". In the documentary film "" the two filmmakers, Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw discuss the process they followed in creating this film. The film has a 1.9 out of 10 rating on Imdb and predominantly negative user reviews. The film was never “formally” released in the U.S., but has developed a cult following." </doc> <doc id="2337644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337644" title="Icko Iben"> Icko Iben Icko Iben, Jr. (born 1931) is an American astronomer and a Distinguished Professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He received his PhD from the University of Illinois in 1958 with thesis "Higher order effects in beta decay", which was jointly supervised by John David Jackson and Joseph Weneser. Iben is best known for his contributions to theoretical star models, stellar evolution theory, concerning the production of planetary nebulae, red giant heavy element convection, and modelling of asymptotic branch thermal pulses. Iben was awarded the Henry Norris Russell Lectureship in 1989 and the Eddington Medal in 1990. He is the author of the 2-volume work "Stellar evolution physics" (2012–2013). </doc> <doc id="2337645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337645" title="Air Leone"> Air Leone Air Leone was an airline based in Freetown, Sierra Leone. From its foundation in 1999 until being shut down in 2005, the airline operated regional passenger and cargo flights out of Lungi International Airport. Upon closure, the Air Leone fleet included the following aircraft: </doc> <doc id="2337648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337648" title="List of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre personnel"> List of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre personnel This is the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) roster, a list of professional wrestlers who work for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion CMLL. The alias (ring name) of the worker listed while the real name is not listed, most "luchadores" (wrestlers) keep their real name private, and as such, most are not a matter of public record. If a wrestler is inactive for any reason (due to injury, suspension, not wrestling for 30 days or other), that information is noted in the notes section. Other wrestlers have made guest appearances, especially North American wrestlers who have made special guest appearances, but unless they work a series of shows for CMLL, they will not be listed as part of the general roster. </doc> <doc id="2337650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337650" title="Sackville, Nova Scotia"> Sackville, Nova Scotia Sackville can refer to several different communities in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia located along the Sackville River. No community has simply "Sackville" as an official name. </doc> <doc id="2337651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337651" title="James Saxon (actor)"> James Saxon (actor) James Saxon (12 June 1954 – 2 July 2003) was an English theatre and film character actor, often playing aristocratic or middle class characters. To the mid-1980s generation of British children he was known for his role as Roland Rat's inept agent, D'Arcy DeFarcy, who would mistakenly refer to his client as "Reynard". Saxon was born as William James Smyth on the 6 April 1954, in the town of Swindon in the county of Wiltshire. Having trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, in London, he began his career in British television productions in the early 1980s, and as the decade progressed he became an in-demand charismatic support actor with the plump physique and expressive moon face that he developed in his thirties, noted for his acting range, from frenetic intensity and garrulousness through to refined genteel introspection. He began his career on television in the series "Jukes of Piccadilly" in 1980. As the decade progressed he appeared in numerous television productions in England, playing the role of the American airman "Sergeant Elmer Jones" in the series "We'll Meet Again" (1982), and appearing in three episodes entitled "The Two Doctors" in the "Doctor Who" series (1985). In 1986 he played the character of Phillip Crane in the BBC series "Brush Strokes", and in the same year performed in several episodes of the children's television series "Roland Rat: The Series", in the guise of "Darcey De-Farcey". In 1986 he played the character of "Bertie" in his first foray into cinema in the historical science-fiction adventure film "". In 1987 he played the role of "Ellerman" in the crime thriller cinema film "A Prayer for the Dying", and in the same year performed in as "Joseph Sedley" in a television adaptation of "Vanity Fair". In 1988 he played Sir Toby Belch in an English television film adaptation of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" (1988). He appeared in the role of a police officer in several episodes of the television crime series "The Paradise Club" (1989). In 1990 he played the character of "Morris Hardacre" in a period-piece social comedy series set in 1940's Northern England entitled "Brass". In 1991 Saxon played the role of "Victor Crosby", a Thatcherite Tory Member of Parliament, in an episode of the highly successful political satire television series "The New Statesman" entitled "A Labour of Love" alongside Rik Mayall as "Alan B'Stard". Continuing to work through the 1990s in a multiplicity of dramatic roles regularly in English television, he appeared, among other productions in this period, in the role of "Major Vaughan" in the Napoleonic era television film "Sharpe's Honour" (1994). He performed as a support player in the biopic of Henry Purcell in the cinema film "England My England" (1995). The next year he played the Prince Regent in the television film "Poldark". In 1998 he voice acted the part of "Captain Pugwash" in a cartoon television series. From 1997-1998 he appeared as the character "Fuzzy Brightons" in several episodes of the Scottish television crime series "McCallum". In 1998 he played the part of "Chabouillet" in the cinema film "Les Miserables". In 1999 he played the character of "Pothinus" in the two episodes of the period piece drama series "Cleopatra". With the beginning of the new century there was a decline in the regularity of Saxon's appearance in television as he began to concentrate more upon his theatrical career. He performed in a support part in the American television film "The Prince and the Pauper" (2000). His final appearance on English television was in the role of "Inspector Bullstrode" in an episode of the B.B.C. crime/mystery series "Jonathan Creek" in 2001. His last filmed performance was in the television film "Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde" (2003), playing the role of Dr. Johnston. In late 2002 Saxon performed at The Strand Theatre in London's West End theatre in the play "Mrs Warren's Profession". Saxon died on 2 July 2003 from a heart attack at age 49 whilst holidaying at Mere in Wiltshire, during a season of performances by him at the Chichester Festival Theatre. </doc> <doc id="2337657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337657" title="Sima (mead)"> Sima (mead) Sima was originally mead, an alcoholic beverage produced by brewing a solution of honey and water. Nowadays the honey is usually replaced mostly or entirely by different kinds of sugar and there is only a very low alcohol content due to limited fermentation. Sima is nowadays therefore a sweet sparkling brew that is mainly seasonal and connected with the Finnish Vappu festival. It is usually spiced by adding both the flesh and rind of a lemon. During secondary fermentation, raisins are added to control the amount of sugars and to act as an indicator of readiness for consumption — they will swell by absorbing carbon dioxide and rise to the top of the bottle when the drink is ready. Sima is usually accompanied by a "munkki" (donut), a "tippaleipä" (a special Vappu funnel cake), or a "rosetti" (rosette). Sima's ingredients include lemon, active dry yeast, and raisins. Sugar is added as brown sugar, white sugar, honey or some combination of them. Hops are also called for in some recipes. The concoction of water and the lemon and sugars are mixed, boiled, and cooled to room temperature. The yeast is added and the mixture left to stand overnight. Then it is carefully decanted into bottles and a few raisins are added to each bottle. The sima will be ready in about three to seven days depending on the temperature of the room where they are stored. It is usually served chilled. Usually, the alcohol content is low and the drink is suitable for children. Carbonation is produced by the yeast, and the drink is traditionally cloudy and not clarified or filtered. Because of this, traditional sima is a fresh product that does not store for long because fermentation may continue in a bottle and the alcoholicity may rise. A commercial and possibly foreign cheap "sima" is produced by mixing apple wine, grape juice and flavor with carbonated water; this doesn't produce the soft flavor of traditional fermented sima. </doc> <doc id="2337658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337658" title="Arrow (computer science)"> Arrow (computer science) In computer science, arrows or bolts are a type class used in programming to describe computations in a pure and declarative fashion. First proposed by computer scientist John Hughes as a generalization of monads, arrows provide a referentially transparent way of expressing relationships between "logical" steps in a computation. Unlike monads, arrows don't limit steps to having one and only one input. As a result, they have found use in functional reactive programming, point-free programming, and parsers among other applications. While arrows were in use before being recognized as a distinct class, Hughes would publish their first definition in 2000. Until then, monads had proven sufficient for most problems requiring the combination of program logic in pure code. However, some useful libraries, such as the Fudgets library for graphical user interfaces and certain efficient parsers, defied rewriting in a monadic form. The formal concept of arrows was developed to explain these exceptions to monadic code, and in the process, monads themselves turned out to be a subset of arrows. Since then, arrows have been an active area of research. Their underlying laws and operations have been refined several times, with recent formulations such as arrow calculus requiring only five laws. In category theory, the Kleisli categories of all monads form a proper subset of Hughes arrows. While Freyd categories were believed to be equivalent to arrows for a time, it has since been proven that arrows are even more general. In fact, arrows are not merely equivalent, but directly equal to enriched Freyd categories. Like all type classes, arrows can be thought of as a set of qualities that can be applied to any data type. In the Haskell programming language, arrows allow functions (represented in Haskell by -> symbol) to combine in a reified form. However, the actual term "arrow" may also come from the fact that some (but not all) arrows correspond to the morphisms (also known as "arrows" in category theory) of different Kleisli categories. As a relatively new concept, there is not a single, standard definition, but all formulations are logically equivalent, feature some required methods, and strictly obey certain mathematical laws. The description currently used by the Haskell standard libraries "requires" only two basic operations: Although only these two procedures are strictly necessary to define an arrow, other methods can be derived to make arrows easier to work with in practice and theory. As all arrows are categories, they can inherit a third operation from the class of categories: One more helpful method can be derived from a combination of the previous three: In addition to having some well-defined procedures, arrows must obey certain rules for any types they may be applied to: The remaining laws restrict how the piping method behaves when the order of a composition is reversed, also allowing for simplifying expressions: Arrows may be extended to fit specific situations by defining additional operations and restrictions. Commonly used versions include arrows with choice, which allow a computation to make conditional decisions, and arrows with feedback, which allow a step to take its own outputs as inputs. Another set of arrows, known as arrows with application, are rarely used in practice because they are actually equivalent to monads. Arrows have several benefits, mostly stemming from their ability to make program logic explicit yet concise. Besides avoiding side effects, purely functional programming creates more opportunities for static code analysis. This in turn can theoretically lead to better compiler optimizations, easier debugging, and features like syntax sugar. Although no program strictly requires arrows, they generalize away much of the dense function passing that pure, declarative code would otherwise require. They can also encourage code reuse by giving common linkages between program steps their own class definitions. The ability to apply to types generically also contributes to reusability and keeps interfaces simple. Arrows do have some disadvantages, including the initial effort of defining an arrow that satisfies the arrow laws. Because monads are usually easier to implement, and the extra features of arrows may be unnecessary, it is often preferable to use a monad. Another issue, which applies to many functional programming constructs, is efficiently compiling code with arrows into the imperative style used by computer instruction sets. Due to the requirement of having to define an codice_1 function to lift pure functions, the applicability of arrows is limited. For example, bidirectional transformations cannot be arrows, because one would need to provide not only a pure function, but also its inverse, when using codice_1. This also limits the use of arrows to describe push-based reactive frameworks that stop unnecessary propagation. Similarly, the use of pairs to tuple values together results in a difficult coding style that requires additional combinators to re-group values, and raises fundamental questions about the equivalence of arrows grouped in different ways. These limitations remain an open problem, and extensions such as Generalized Arrows and N-ary FRP explore these problems. </doc> <doc id="2337659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337659" title="Francis Edward Clark"> Francis Edward Clark Francis Edward Clark (12 September 1851 – 26 May 1927) was an American clergyman. He was born of New England ancestry in Aylmer, Quebec, Canada. He was the son of Charles C. Symmes, but took the name of an uncle, the Rev. E.W. Clark, by whom he was adopted after his father's death in 1853. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1873 and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1876, was ordained in the Congregational ministry, and was pastor of the Williston Congregational church at Portland, Maine, from 1876 to 1883, and of the Phillips Congregational church, South Boston, Massachusetts, from 1883 to 1887. On 2 February 1881, he founded in Portland, the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, which, beginning as a small society in a single New England church, developed into a great interdenominational organization, which in 1908 had 70,761 societies and more than 3,500,000 members scattered throughout the United States, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, South Africa, India, Japan and China. After 1887, he devoted his time entirely to the extension of this work, and was president of the United Societies of Christian Endeavor and of the World's Christian Endeavor Union, and editor of the "Christian Endeavor World" (originally "The Golden Rule"). Also, he famously visited the Arcot Mission in India. His home at 379 Central Street in Auburndale, Massachusetts is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. </doc> <doc id="2337661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337661" title="Tiszaeszlár affair"> Tiszaeszlár affair The Tiszaeszlár Affair was a blood libel which led to a trial that set off anti-semitic agitation in Austria-Hungary in 1882 and 1883. After the disappearance of a local girl, Eszter Solymosi, Jews were accused of ritually murdering and beheading her. After her body was found some time later in a river, she having apparently drowned, it was claimed that the body was not that of Eszter, but had been dressed in her clothes. A lengthy trial followed, eventually resulting in the acquittal of all the accused. On April 1, 1882, Eszter Solymosi, a 14-year-old Christian peasant girl who was a servant in the home of András Huri in Tiszaeszlár, a Hungarian village situated on the Tisza river, was sent on an errand from which she did not return. After a fruitless search, a rumor was circulated that the girl had become a victim of Jewish religious fanaticism. Hungarian agitators, whose leaders, Géza Ónody, representative of Tiszaeszlár in the Hungarian Parliament, and Győző Istóczy, MP, proposed the expulsion of the Jews in the House of Deputies, excited the public against the local Jews, resulting in a number of violent acts and pogroms. They spread the charge that the Jews killed the girl in order to use her blood at the approaching Passover (April 4). On May 4 her mother accused the Jews before the local judge of having murdered her daughter, and urged him to make an investigation. On May 19 the county court of Nyíregyháza sent the notary József Bary to act as examining judge at Tiszaeszlár. After having placed the suspected Jews under police surveillance, Bary met the five-year-old son of the synagogue sexton József Scharf, Samuel, to begin an inquiry. Earlier, by means of monetary presents and pieces of sugar, some women and girls got Samuel to say that József Scharf called Eszter into his house, and the slaughterer ("shoḥeṭ") cut off her head. In Bary's interview, the boy stated that in the presence of his father and other men the slaughterer had made an incision in the girl's neck, and he and his brother Móric had received the blood in a plate. The father and Móric (who was nearly 14 years old) and the other suspected persons denied any knowledge of the disappearance of the girl and of her conjectured murder. On May 19 Scharf and his wife were arrested; Móric repeated his statement and said in addition he had not known anything about the missing girl, not even from hearsay. On the evening of that day Móric was given to Recsky, the commissar of safety, who took him to his country house in Tiszanagyfalu, where the court clerk, Péczely, received orders to watch over the boy's safety. Péczely, a large man who had served twelve years in jail for murder, apparently connived with Recsky to make Móric the instrument of a classic blood accusation. Intimidated, the boy confessed that after the Sabbath morning service his father called Eszter to his house under the pretext of requiring her to remove some candlesticks (an act forbidden to Jews on Saturdays); that a Jewish beggar, Hermann Wollner, who lodged with them, had led the girl to the vestibule of the synagogue and attacked her; and, after having undressed her, two slaughterers, Ábrahám Buxbaum and Leopold Braun, had held her while another slaughterer, Salamon Schwarz, incised her neck with a large knife and emptied the blood into a pot. These three men, applicants for the vacant position of preceptor and shoḥeṭ, came to Tiszaeszlár to officiate on that particular Sabbath, and had, as the boy said, remained in the synagogue after morning service. All this, according to his confession, Móric observed through the keyhole of the synagogue door. During the 45 minutes he thus stood on watch, he saw after the operation a rag was tied around the neck of the girl and her body dressed again, in the presence of Sámuel Lustig, Ábrahám Braun, Lázár Weisstein, and Adolf Jünger. The two conspirators Recsky and Péczely immediately sent for the examining judge Bary, before whom the same night Móric repeated his account, adding that after the perpetrators left the scene of their crime he had locked the synagogue, and that neither the corpse nor any blood marks were to be found. With feverish zeal Bary continued his investigations in the synagogue and houses and among the graves; but nowhere could any traces of the living or dead girl be discovered. Twelve Jews were arrested on suspicion, and Móric Scharf was given in charge of the jailer. On June 18 a body that the district physician declared to be of a 14-year-old girl was drawn out of the river Tisza near the village of Dada, and many recognized it as Eszter Solymosi. Her mother, however, emphatically denied it was Eszter's corpse, although she afterward identified the clothes in which the body was found as those of her daughter. A committee of experts, two physicians and one surgeon, declared the corpse was of a girl 18 to 20 years of age who had met with her death eight or ten days before. It was then buried in the Catholic cemetery of Tiszaeszlár. The anti-Semitic agitators, among whom was the Catholic priest of the town, insinuated the body was smuggled in by the Jews and clothed in the garments of Eszter Solymosi in order to conceal the crime of ritual murder. Several of the craftsmen who found the body were induced by promises, threats, and cruel treatment to revoke their former testimony and to declare they brought the body to the river and an unknown Jewess had furnished them with the clothes in which they dressed it. New arrests were made; the affair, which had now become a "cause célèbre", was considerably protracted. On July 29 formal accusations were made against fifteen persons, as follows: Salamon Schwarz, Ábrahám Buxbaum, Leopold Braun, and Hermann Wollner, of murder; József Scharf, Adolf Jünger, Ábrahám Braun, Sámuel Lustig, Lázár Weisstein, and Emánuel Taub, of voluntary assistance in the crime; Anselm Vogel, Jankel Smilovics, David Hersko, Martin Gross, and Ignác Klein, of abetting the crime and smuggling the body. The delay in the case was caused mainly by the claimed illegal and arbitrary acts of Bary, who conducted his examinations without the aid of the state attorney, wrote without witnesses the minutes of the proceedings, and tortured the accused and suspects. By order of the government, Móric Scharf was under the control of the district bailiff, who placed him in the custody of the warden Henter, and thus removed from contact with the other defendants and other Jews. He was entirely under the influence of their adversaries and received instructions as to the testimony to be given by him at the trial. The accused were defended by Károly Eötvös, journalist and member of the House of Deputies, with whom were associated the advocates B. Friedmann, Sándor Funták, Max Székely of Budapest, and Ignác Heumann of Nyíregyháza, the seat of the county court before which the case was tried. In a petition to Minister of Justice Pauler, Eötvös protested against the system of torture practised by Bary, Recsky, and Péczely, but this protest had little effect upon the official. The affair was so long drawn out that State Attorney Kozma of Budapest went to Nyíregyháza in September to speed up the examination. This dragging on of the proceedings attracted general attention. The country was greatly agitated. A number of pamphlets appealed to the passions of the people, and attempted to establish the guilt of the accused. Lajos Kossuth, then living in exile at Turin, raised his powerful voice to castigate the action of the authorities and to deprecate this stirring up of anti-Jewish prejudices. The suspicion of ritual murder, he considered, was a disgrace to Hungary; to present as a racial crime or as a ritual crime a murder which at the worst was an individual one was, he said, unworthy of modern civilization. This cry of indignation from the veteran patriot was strangely in contrast with the fury of persecution and prejudice which raged throughout the country and which was echoed in the House of Deputies. An interpellation addressed to the minister of justice by the deputy Ernő Mezei in November 1882, called forth exciting scenes. The attorney-general Havas was then sent to Nyíregyháza, and he found that, despite the official declaration of the examining judge, the accused had not had a single hearing. He released some prisoners; but, realizing he was hampered by powerful influences in his endeavor to accelerate the affair, he offered his resignation, which was readily accepted. In the middle of November the wife of József Scharf was set free, while her husband and the other prisoners were being still detained. At the request of the defending lawyers the body found in the Tisza was exhumed (December 7) and reexamined by three professors of medicine at the University of Budapest – Schenthauer, Belky, and Mihalkovics. They found that the opinion of the members of the former committee of examination had no scientific basis, and later, before the court, they taxed them with gross ignorance: the body was too much decayed to allow a positive judgment. The fact the corpse was not claimed by any one left no doubt in their opinion, however, that it was that of Eszter Solymosi; and as the neck was not cut, no ritual murder could have been committed. On June 17, 1883, the last act in this affair began before the court of Nyíregyháza. Judge Ferenc Korniss presided, Eduard Szeyffert acting as state attorney. Although the testimony of Móric Scharf was the only basis of the accusation, the court held thirty sessions to examine the case in all its details, and many witnesses were heard. The glaring contradictions of the boy despite the careful training he received, and the falsity of his accusation as exposed by a local inspection of the alleged scene of the murder made by the court in Tiszaeszlár on July 16, resulted in the unanimous acquittal of the accused (August 3). Szalay, the attorney for the widow Solymosi, in a speech full of bitter invectives, appealed against the decision; but the supreme court rejected his appeal and confirmed the verdict of the county court. The youthful accuser whom the maneuvers of the accusers had alienated from his faith and his coreligionists, and whose filial feelings they had suppressed, returned to his parents, who gladly received him. Móric fully redeemed his past and supported his father until his father's death in 1905. The acquittal and release of the prisoners, most of whom had languished in prison for 15 months, were the signal for uprisings in Pozsony, Budapest, and other parts of Hungary. The spectators who thronged the court-house during the sessions, and of whom Onody, the representative of Tiszaeszlár in the House of Deputies, was the most conspicuous, conducted themselves scandalously during the proceedings, insulting the prisoners and threatening the witnesses and counsel for the defence. In the opinion of the Jewish American magazine "Tablet", the Jobbik Party uses the case to incite antisemitism and the child's grave has become the site of antisemitic pilgrimage. </doc> <doc id="2337664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337664" title="Sima"> Sima Sima or SIMA may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337665" title="Thomas Bennett (architect)"> Thomas Bennett (architect) Sir Thomas Penberthy Bennett KBE FRIBA (1887 – 29 January 1980) was a renowned English architect, responsible for much of the development of the new towns of Crawley and Stevenage. Thomas Bennett was born in 1887 in Paddington, London. He trained as an architect at Regent Street Polytechnic while employed in the drawing office of the London and North Western Railway. He went on to study at the Royal Academy School. He joined the Office of Works (later Ministry of Works) in 1911. A career in both education and government followed, until setting up his own practice in 1921. In 1922, he became a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects. His practice was responsible for many landmark buildings such as the Saville Theatre, Esso House, John Barnes Department store, Hampstead (since 1986, a branch of Waitrose), Westminster Hospital, a BOAC air terminal, the London Mormon Temple in Surrey and Hawkins House in Dublin. In 1940, he became Director of Bricks at the Ministry of Works, where he was awarded the CBE in 1942, but returned to private practice immediately after the Second World War. He was knighted in 1946. In 1947, he was appointed as the Chairman of the Development Corporation of Crawley New Town, in West Sussex, a post he held until 1960. In his early days at the Development Corporation, he was responsible for the scrapping of the existing plans for the New Town, and the appointment of Sir Anthony Minoprio to create a new master plan. When the town was built, a new comprehensive school was named for him, opening in 1958. He also took over responsibility for the Stevenage New Town which had been initially the responsibility of Monica Felton. Sir Thomas Bennett opened the school in Tilgate, Crawley, officially in November 1959. In 1964 he designed the Crawley Chapel of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was awarded the KBE in 1954. His private practice, T.P. Bennett and Son, expanded into an architectural company and in 1967 was passed to his only son, P.H.P.Bennett, CBE, Chairman of the Joint Contracts Tribunal 1973-1978. He died on 29 January 1980. tp Bennett LLP is an English architectural company, founded as T.P. Bennett and Son in 1921 by Thomas P. Bennett, the practice quickly became known for the innovative design of theatres, residential and commercial buildings, with early work predominantly in London. The practice later came to the forefront of the New Town Movement, and following a succession of major projects throughout the 1960s and 1970s, developed into one of the largest and most successful architectural practices in the UK. The practice was located on Kingsway, near Lincoln's Inn Fields, Holborn, until 1998 when it moved to purpose designed offices within a converted Edwardian warehouse at One America Street on Southwark Bridge Road. tp Bennett LLP has three core divisions of architecture, interiors and planning supported by specialist practice areas in strategy, research and graphics. tp Bennett LLP currently has offices in London, Moscow, Abu Dhabi and New York. The practice incorporated the architectural firm Stillman & Eastwick-Field in 2004 and converted to a Limited Liability Partnership on 1 December 2005 </doc> <doc id="2337667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337667" title="Muhammed Suiçmez"> Muhammed Suiçmez Muhammed Suiçmez (, born November 28, 1975) is a German guitarist and the frontman of the technical death metal band Necrophagist. Muhammed Suiçmez was born in Karlsruhe to Turkish immigrants. Around the age of 12 he began listening to death metal, and took up an interest in music. At the age of 14 (in 1989), Suiçmez wrote the lyrics for "Onset of Putrefaction". Inspired by Carcass at the time, the lyrics were gory and dark. His soloing style is influenced in a large part by Yngwie Malmsteen and his neoclassical style, as can be seen with his extensive use of the harmonic minor scale, and use of legato techniques and sweep picking. He is also influenced by many classical composers such as Sergei Prokofiev and Ludwig van Beethoven. The end of "Only Ash Remains" is a part from Prokofiev's "The Dance of the Knights". While retaining this strong neoclassical feeling by using harmonic, phrygian dominant, diminished scales, he manages to make his solos extremely emotional, for example the solos in "Fermented Offal Discharge" and "Advanced Corpse Tumor". He ensures that "Onset of Putrefaction" was just "music for the fans", because of its gory lyrics, and produced "Epitaph" in 2004 ; this album was about philosophical themes. The band hasn't yet released a new album, but played a new song since 2009, "Dawn and Demise" In 1992, he formed Necrophagist, who released their first demo ("Requiems of Festered Gore"), consisting of five tracks that same year. All the music and lyrics were written by Suiçmez, except one song, which the bassist at that time wrote some of the music for. Suiçmez continued writing music, in fact by 1993 (when he was 18) all the songs for "Onset of Putrefaction" had already been written (but not recorded). When he was 20, a second self-titled demo was released (1995). This one had four tracks, and all the music and lyrics were written by Suiçmez. There were many line-up changes to the members of the band which impeded the progress Suiçmez sought for Necrophagist and finally, in 1998 he took it upon himself to begin recording a full length album where he would perform and record every instrument (except for the drums, which he programmed), as well as produce it all himself. Suiçmez first released and distributed the recording by himself and without a label, but a year later, "Onset of Putrefaction" was released on Noise Solution Records (1999). Following the breakup of Necrophagist, Suiçmez currently works as an engineer at BMW. Suiçmez has 3 Custom Ibanez Xiphos guitars, one of which is a 7 string. His first guitar has reverse sharktooth inlays. His second custom (7 string) has a "Necrophagist" inlay on the fretboard. For most Necrophagist recordings Suiçmez is tuned in D standard (ADGCFAD for seven strings, DGCFAD otherwise). Suiçmez also had a 27 fret 7 string custom Ibanez, as seen on photos on his band's MySpace, but it was ruined when someone mishandled it backstage after a show. He has a new custom that is similar to his other 7 string, except it does not have a reversed headstock and the Necrophagist logo across the fretboard. As of 2011, Suiçmez began using new Ibanez Falchion guitars prior to the release of the new Ibanez X-Series models. Before he became endorsed by Ibanez, he used a Vigier Marilyn, then later switched to a BC Rich Stealth Model, as used by Chuck Schuldiner of Death. He uses various ENGL heads, mainly the Savage 120 and the SE E670. He also used to have an ENGL E860 rackhead wired for 110 V, but it was stolen. </doc> <doc id="2337669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337669" title="Xiong Qinglai"> Xiong Qinglai Xiong Qinglai, or Hiong King-Lai (, October 20, 1893 – February 3, 1969), courtesy name Dizhi (迪之), was a Chinese mathematician from Yunnan. He was the first person to introduce modern mathematics into China, and served as an influential president of Yunnan University from 1937 through 1947. A Chinese stamp was issued in his honour. Xiong studied in Europe for eight years (1913 to 1921) before returning to China to teach. During that time, Chinese university-level mathematics was only comparable to Western secondary-school mathematics level. In 1921, he established the Department of Mathematics of National Southeastern University (Later renamed National Central University and Nanjing University), beginning undertook the task of writing more than ten textbooks on geometry, calculus, differential equations, mechanics, etc. It was the first endeavor in history to introduce modern mathematics in Chinese textbooks. In 1926, Xiong became a professor of mathematics at Tsinghua University, where he influenced the path of Hua Luogeng, who later became another prominent mathematician. Xiong was persecuted to death in 1969 during the Cultural Revolution. On 20 November 1992, China Post issued a stamp commemorating Xiong Qinglai as part of the third set of its "Modern Chinese Scientists" stamp series (serial number 1992-19). 76 million copies were printed. </doc> <doc id="2337671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337671" title="Fairy Toot"> Fairy Toot The Fairy Toot is an extensive oval barrow in the civil parish of Nempnett Thrubwell, Somerset, England (). It is an example of the Severn-Cotswold tomb type which consist of precisely-built, long trapezoid earth mounds covering a burial chamber. Because of this they are a type of chambered long barrow. Fairy Toot was formerly a chambered cairn which is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, on the national monument register as '198102'. The Fairy Toot south-southwest of Howgrove Farm is a mound 60 m long, 25 m wide and now 2.5 m high, retained by a stone wall. Its summit is covered with ash trees and shrubs. Formerly it was considerably higher. On being opened and essentially destroyed between 1787 and 1835 by the Reverend Thomas Bere of Butcombe and the Reverend John Skinner of Camerton, it was found to contain two rows of cells, running from south to north, formed by immense stones set edgeways, and covered by others of larger dimensions. A human skull from the barrow is now in the Bristol Museum and Art Gallery. At the time it was conjectured to be a work of the Druids, but its origins are far older and probably date from the Neolithic period. Wade and Wade in their 1929 book "Somerset" described it as ""a remarkably fine tumulus of masonry, said to have been one of the finest in Britain, in the chambers of which skeletons have been discovered. A few vestiges of it now only remain, the rest has been used as a lime-kiln."" The site was visited in the past as it was known as a place for curing warts. </doc> <doc id="2337672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337672" title="Wacław of Szamotuły"> Wacław of Szamotuły Wacław z Szamotuł (Szamotuły, near Poznań, c. 1520 – c. 1560, Pińczów), also called Wacław Szamotulski and (in Latin) Venceslaus Samotulinus, was a Polish composer. Wacław z Szamotuł was a student at the Lubrański Academy in Poznań later studying at Kraków University in 1538. In 1547 or 1548 he was appointed composer to the court of Sigismund II Augustus. In 1555 Wacław left Kraków, having received the title of "royal composer." Nevertheless, during Szamotuly's lifetime his music was known outside of Poland. He died early, and only a few of his works survive. In the words of Szymon Starowolski, who wrote the first concise biography of Wacław, "If the gods had let him live longer, the Poles would have no need to envy the Italians their Palestrina, or Vedana." His motets "In te Domine speravi" and "Ego sum pastor bonus" were the first Polish musical compositions to be published abroad. According to Gustave Reese, Wacław's style may be seen in both of these motets; "the constant overlapping of phrases and full-fledged imitative style reveal Franco-Netherlandish influence." Motets ("Motety") Songs ("Pieśńi") </doc> <doc id="2337688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337688" title="Cañada del Oro"> Cañada del Oro The Cañada del Oro (Spanish for "Canyon of Gold"), is a primary watershed channel in the valley of Tucson, Arizona, USA. The word "cañada" has a tilde "(ñ)" and is pronounced in Spanish; in English it is pronounced , not like the country of Canada. The Cañada del Oro originates in the remote Canyon del Oro in the Santa Catalina Mountains north of Tucson, fed by rainfall and melted snow from the northern face of Mount Lemmon and flows northward toward the town of Oracle. The Cañada del Oro is a perennial creek in Canyon del Oro while at higher altitudes. The Cañada del Oro curves from flowing northward to southward through the town of Oro Valley north of Tucson, where it is usually a dry riverbed. In Oro Valley the Cañada del Oro collects watershed from the western face of the Santa Catalina Mountains. The Cañada del Oro ultimately feeds into the Santa Cruz River just northwest of Tucson, the principal watershed channel in the Tucson valley. Historically, the Cañada del Oro was the focus of significant interest in gold mining, beginning with Spanish explorers in the 17th century. As early as 1880, the Cañada del Oro was labeled "Gold Cañon Creek" on American maps. Following the Mexican–American War, American gold-rushers continued the search for the valuable mineral through the 1930s. Prospectors discovered minimal amounts of gold in the Cañada del Oro through placer mining operations, and reportedly mined gold in the lost "Mine with the Iron Door". The lost mine is the subject of a novel of the same name written by Harold Bell Wright in 1923. </doc> <doc id="2337694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337694" title="Wintersweet"> Wintersweet Wintersweet is a common name for several plants and may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337702" title="Saquinavir"> Saquinavir Saquinavir, sold under the brand names Invirase and Fortovase, is an antiretroviral drug used together with other medications to treat or prevent HIV/AIDS. Typically it is used with ritonavir or lopinavir/ritonavir to increase its effect. It is taken by mouth. Common side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and feeling tired. More serious side effects include problems with QT prolongation, heart block, high blood lipids, and liver problems. It appears to be safe in pregnancy. It is in the protease inhibitor class and works by blocking the HIV protease. Saquinavir was first sold in 1995. As of 2015 it is not available as a generic medication in the United States and is expensive. The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 4.50 USD per day. Saquinavir is used together with other medications to treat or prevent HIV/AIDS. Typically it is used with ritonavir or lopinavir/ritonavir to increase its effect. The most frequent adverse events with saquinavir in either formulation are mild gastrointestinal symptoms, including diarrhea, nausea, loose stools & abdominal discomfort. Invirase is better tolerated than Fortovase. Saquinavir, in the Invirase formulation, has a low and variable oral bioavailability, when given alone. The Fortovase formulation at the standard dosage delivers approximately eightfold more active drug than Invirase, also at the standard dosage. In the clinic, it was found that the oral bioavailability of saquinavir in both formulations significantly increases when patients also receive the PI ritonavir. For patients, this has the major benefit that they can take less saquinavir, while maintaining sufficient saquinavir blood plasma levels to efficiently suppress the replication of HIV. The mechanism behind this welcome observation was not directly known, but later it was determined that ritonavir inhibits the cytochrome P450 3A4 isozyme. Normally, this enzyme metabolizes saquinavir to an inactive form, but with the ritonavir inhibiting this enzyme, the saquinavir blood plasma levels increased considerably. Additionally, ritonavir also inhibits multidrug transporters, although to a much lower extent. Unlike other protease inhibitors, the absorption of saquinavir seems to be improved by omeprazole. Saquinavir is a protease inhibitor. Proteases are enzymes that cleave protein molecules into smaller fragments. HIV protease is vital for both viral replication within the cell and release of mature viral particles from an infected cell. Saquinavir binds to the active site of the viral protease and prevents cleavage of viral polyproteins, preventing maturation of the virus. Saquinavir inhibits both HIV-1 and HIV-2 proteases. Saquinavir was developed by the pharmaceutical company Roche. Saquinavir was the first protease inhibitor (and sixth antiretroviral) approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Within 2 years of its approval, and that of ritonavir 4 months later, annual deaths from AIDS in the United States fell from over 50,000 to approximately 18,000. The manufacturer, Roche, requested and received approval of Invirase via the FDA's "Accelerated Approval" program, a process designed to speed drugs to market for the treatment of serious diseases. This decision was controversial, amid disagreement between AIDS activists over the benefits of thorough testing versus early access to new drugs. It was approved again on Nov 7, 1997 as Fortovase, a soft gel capsule reformulated for improved bioavailability. Roche announced in May 2005 that, owing to reduction in demand, Fortovase would cease being marketed early in 2006 in favour of Invirase boosted with ritonavir. As of 2015 it is not available as a generic medication and is expensive. The wholesale cost is about 4.50 USD per day. Two formulations have been marketed: </doc> <doc id="2337709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337709" title="China Food and Drug Administration"> China Food and Drug Administration The China Food and Drug Administration (CFDA) () was founded on the basis of the former State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA). In March 2013, the regulatory body was rebranded and restructured as the China Food and Drug Administration, elevating it to a ministerial-level agency. The headquarters are in Xicheng District, Beijing. The CFDA replaced a large group of overlapping regulators with an entity similar to the Food and Drug Administration of the United States, streamlining regulation processes for food and drug safety. The China Food and Drug Administration is directly under the State Council of the People's Republic of China, which is in charge of comprehensive supervision on the safety management of food, health food and cosmetics and is the competent authority of drug regulation in mainland China. On July 10, 2007, Zheng Xiaoyu, the former head of China's State Food And Drug Administration, was executed for taking bribes from various firms in exchange for state licenses related to product safety. Draft laws, regulations and rules and policy plans on the administration and supervision of food (including food additives and health food, the same below) safety, drugs (including traditional Chinese medicines and ethno-medicines, the same below), medical devices and cosmetics; formulate normative documents, and facilitate the establishment and implementation of the food safety responsibility mechanism, under which food companies shall bear the main responsibility and local people's governments shall take integrated responsibility; establish the direct reporting system for critical food and drug information and supervise its implementation; take measures to reduce risks on regional and systemic food and drug safety; Formulate the regulations on food administrative licensing and supervise their implementation; establish food safety risk management mechanism, formulate annual plans for nationwide inspection for food safety and programs for major control actions, and organize their implementation; establish the unified food safety information release system and release information on important food safety issues; participate in formulating food safety risk monitoring plans and food safety standards, and undertake food safety risk monitoring thereon; Organize the formulation and publication of the national pharmacopeia, other drug and medical device standards and classification system, and supervise their implementation; develop good practices on research, production, distribution and use of drugs and medical devices, and supervise their implementation; undertake drug and medical device registration, supervision and inspection; establish monitoring system for adverse drug reactions, adverse events of medical devices, and undertake monitoring and response activities; draw up and improve regulations and qualifications for licensed pharmacists, guide and supervise the registration work; participate in formulating national essential medicine list and assist its implementation; formulate administrative provisions for cosmetics administration and supervise their implementation; Formulate the investigation and enforcement system for food, drugs, medical devices and cosmetics, and organize their implementation; organize the investigation and punishment on major violations; establish recall and disposal system for defect products, and supervise the implementation; Establish food and drug emergency response system, organize and guide the emergency response and investigation on food and drug safety incident, and supervise the implementation of investigation and punishment; Formulate science and technology development plans for food and drug safety, and organize their implementation; accelerate the construction of food and drug testing system, electronic supervision tracking system, and information system; Undertake the public communication, education and training, and international exchanges and cooperation in the field of food and drug safety; promote the establishment of credibility system; Guide food and drug administration works of local governments, regulate administrative activities, and improve the interlocking mechanism between administrative enforcement and criminal justice; Undertake the routine work of the Food Safety Commission of the State Council; take charge of comprehensive coordination on food safety administration, facilitate and improve the cooperation and coordination mechanism; supervise the work of provincial people's governments on food safety administration, and evaluate their performance; Undertake other work assigned by the State Council and the Food Safety Commission of the State Council. The State Food and Drug Administration is not responsible for regulating pharmaceutical ingredients manufactured and exported by chemical companies. This regulatory hole, which has resulted in considerable international news coverage unfavorable to China, has been known for a decade, but failure of Chinese regulatory agencies to cooperate has prevented effective regulation. The CFDA is responsible for registration of medical devices for the Chinese market. All medical devices have to be classified by the CFDA according to its risk in 3 classes. Depending on the risk classification, different aspects are required: Internal structure of CFDA Director: Mr. Bi Jingquan (since January 2015) Other leaders: The medical devices regulatory system is based on regulations issued by the State Council, CFDA orders and CFDA documents that provide detailed rules for medical device registration and licensing practice. Medical device type testing must be based upon the Chinese National Standard (Chinese: Guobiao, GB) or at least on an Industry Standard (YY). The system is undergoing frequent changes and adjustments. In October 2013, more than 104 new YY Standards have been released. </doc> <doc id="2337719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337719" title="List of Impact Wrestling personnel"> List of Impact Wrestling personnel Impact Wrestling is a professional wrestling promotion based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Impact Wrestling personnel consists of professional wrestlers, managers, play-by-play and color commentators, ring announcers, interviewers, referees, trainers, producers, script writers, and various other positions. Executives and the board of directors are listed as well. Active wrestlers and on-screen talent appear on "Impact", "Xplosion", pay-per-views and at untelevised live events. Personnel are organized below by their role in Impact Wrestling. Their ring name is on the left, and their real name is on the right. Impact Wrestling refers to its female performers as "Knockouts". As Impact Wrestling has partnerships with various international promotions (such as Lucha Underground, Mexico's Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), Canada's Border City Wrestling, and Japan's Pro Wrestling Noah) wrestlers from those companies may also make periodic appearances on Impact programming. </doc> <doc id="2337724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337724" title="List of New Japan Pro-Wrestling personnel"> List of New Japan Pro-Wrestling personnel New Japan Pro-Wrestling contracts typically range from full-time contracts to freelancer deals. Personnel appear on which are televised on their streaming service, NJPW World. Personnel is organized below by their role in New Japan Pro-Wrestling. Their ring name is on the left and their real name is on the right. ! style="background: #e3e3e3;" width="19%" |Ring name ! style="background: #e3e3e3;" width="19%" |Real name ! style="background: #e3e3e3;" width="27%" |Notes </doc> <doc id="2337726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337726" title="Maria Yamamoto"> Maria Yamamoto </doc> <doc id="2337729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337729" title="Mikołaj Zieleński"> Mikołaj Zieleński Mikołaj Zieleński (Zelenscius, fl. 1611) was a Polish composer, organist and "Kapellmeister" to the primate Baranowski, Archbishop of Gniezno. Neither the date of his birth nor of his death are known; documents from Płock Cathedral state he was from Warka and show him to have been a member of the diocese in 1604 and organist in 1606, and in 1611 he married and was involved in a court case. The March 1611 dedication of his book places him at the Archbishop's court in Łowicz, and that Baranowski hired no replacement suggests he may have survived his patron, who died in 1615. Zieleński's only known surviving works are contained in two 1611 liturgical cycles of polychoral works, the "Offertoria/Communes totius anni". These were dedicated to the Archbishop of Gniezno, Wojciech Baranowski. The whole comprises eight part-books and a ninth book, the "Partitura pro organo", which constitutes the organ accompaniment. This publication contains in all 131 pieces written for various vocal and also vocal and instrumental ensembles, all with organ accompaniment. In addition to Offertories and Communions the two volume Venetian publication contains over a dozen other pieces, such as hymns, antiphons, a magnificat, and even three instrumental fantasias. In his compositions Zieleński relies on his own creative invention and does not, in general, make use of the "cantus firmi." The few pre-existing melodies which may be traced out in his pieces are based not on plainsong but on the melodies of Polish songs. The sets consist of large-scale double- and triple-choir antiphons, as well as some monodic works typical of the "Seconda pratica" style of early Monteverdi. Zieleński's music is the first known Polish music set in the style of the Baroque. </doc> <doc id="2337730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337730" title="List of Pro Wrestling Guerrilla personnel"> List of Pro Wrestling Guerrilla personnel This is a list of professional wrestlers who wrestle for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla. </doc> <doc id="2337737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337737" title="List of Pro Wrestling Noah personnel"> List of Pro Wrestling Noah personnel This is a list of professional wrestlers who currently wrestle for Pro Wrestling Noah, as well as a list of notable alumni. The current roster consists of the Home Unit (those under exclusive contract), freelancers, and gaijins. </doc> <doc id="2337742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337742" title="Hayer affidavits"> Hayer affidavits The Hayer affidavits are two affidavits made by Talmadge Hayer—also known by the name Thomas Hagan—one of the convicted assassins of Malcolm X. The statements give Hayer's account of his involvement in the planning and execution of the murder. Three men were convicted of the 1965 assassination of Malcolm X: Talmadge Hayer, Norman 3X Butler, and Thomas 15X Johnson. At first, Hayer denied any involvement, but during the trial, he confessed to having fired shots at Malcolm X. He testified that Butler and Johnson were not present and were not involved in the shooting, but he declined to name the men who had joined him in the attack. Nonetheless, all three men were convicted. In 1977 and 1978, Hayer submitted two affidavits re-asserting his claim that Butler and Johnson were not involved in the assassination. In his affidavits Hayer named four men, all members of the Nation of Islam's Newark, New Jersey, Temple Number 25, as having participated with him in the crime. Hayer asserted that a man he knew as "Wilbur" or "Kinly", later identified as Wilbur McKinley, shouted and threw a smoke bomb to create a diversion. Hayer said that a man named "Willie", later identified as William Bradley, had a shotgun and was the first to fire on Malcolm X after the diversion. Hayer asserted that he and a man named "Lee" or "Leon", later identified as Leon Davis, both armed with pistols, fired on Malcolm X immediately after the shotgun blast. Hayer also said that a man named "Ben", later identified as Benjamin Thomas, was involved in the conspiracy. Hayer's statements failed to convince authorities to reopen their investigation of the murder. Butler, now known as Muhammad Abdul Aziz, was paroled in 1985. He became the head of the Nation of Islam's Harlem mosque in New York in 1998. He continues to maintain his innocence. Johnson, who changed his name to Khalil Islam, was released from prison in 1987. During his time in prison, he rejected the teachings of the Nation of Islam and converted to Sunni Islam. He maintained his innocence until his death in August 2009. Hayer, now known as Mujahid Halim, also disavowed the Nation of Islam's ideology, though he remains a practicing Muslim. Hayer has expressed regret for his role in the assassination. He was paroled in 2010. Benjamin Thomas was killed in 1986. As of 1989, Leon Davis was reported to be living in Paterson, New Jersey. Little is known about Wilbur McKinley, and one researcher has concluded that he is dead. William Bradley spent decades as a criminal. He was charged in connection with a 1968 bank robbery in Livingston, New Jersey, but in the end charges against him were dismissed. During the 1980s, Bradley was convicted of several charges related to robbery, aggravated assault, and drug possession. As of 2011, he was living in Newark, New Jersey, under the name Al-Mustafa Shabazz. Through his attorney, Bradley (Al-Mustafa Shabazz) denied having participated in any way in the assassination. </doc> <doc id="2337743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337743" title="Beto Ortiz"> Beto Ortiz Beto Ortiz (birth name: Humberto Ortiz Pajuelo) (Lima, 1968) is a Peruvian journalist TV personality and writer living now (from October 2006) back in Lima. Before that, he lived in New York City. His claim to national fame was through "Beto A saber" (2000), a politically incorrect TV talk-show from which he harshly criticized Fujimori's government while most of the Peruvian media remained silent. One of his first appearances in Peruvian media was through several humorous stories he wrote for "No", a humorous supplement to "Si", a very well known Peruvian magazine in 1987. During his 15 years experience, Ortiz directed and hosted late-night shows and documentary series on national television. As a TV reporter he is the author of hundreds of stories on social and political issues, some of which were recognized with international awards. As a writer, he has published features and columns in the main newspapers and magazines in Peru. He is a columnist for "Peru 21" newspaper. His first novel, "Maldita Ternura" ("Damned Tenderness"), (Lima: Editorial Alfaguara, 2004) was a best-seller in Peru. He was the host of his own interview TV show "Ca11ate Beto" (Shut up Beto) on RBC (Channel 11, Lima - Perú). He co -hosted the TV show "Enemigos Intimos" ("Intimate Enemies") on Frecuencia Latina along with colleague writer Aldo Miyashiro from March 2008 to first-quarter 2010, before being released from his journalist duties in Frecuencia Latina, due to Ideological Issues with New Executive management, more specifically Chief Executive Javier Urrutia. Shortly after being released, He returned to TV co -hosting the TV show "Enemigos Publicos" ("Public Enemies") on Panamericana Television along with Aldo Miyashiro .In August 2010, Beto Ortiz Quit "Public Enemies" due to controversial declarations against Jaime Bayly on a TV Report. Beto Ortiz vs Jaime Bayly A Short time later, "Public Enemies" was cancelled and replaced with another Late Night show, hosted by Miyashiro only, and different Peruvian guest-stars. However, This show lasted briefly before being cancelled when the whole Journalist and Reporting team of the Show left Miyashiro's Show to work along with Beto Ortiz in a future New TV Project. He is currently considering to return to TV on a Late Night Show via Frecuencia Latina, former TV network that released him earlier in 2010. Paris, France, 1995 UNESCO (U.N. Cultural Fund) Gold Medal at the Port de Bouc International Festival of Young Journalists. Awarded to "Children of chaos", a documentary about street children in Lima, Peru. Lima, 1994 "THE 1,000 WORDS SHORT-STORY" Literary Contest. Lima, 1994 "Citizens for Peace" Award of Journalistic Excellence. Given by the Lawyers bar of Lima Lima, 1993 UNICEF (U.N Children’s Fund) First Prize in journalistic contest Awarded to "Not for all the gold in the world" A documentary on children slavery in gold mines in Peru. Boston, 1990 THE AMERICAN SOCIETY OF NEWSPAPER EDITORS (ASNE) TUFTS UNIVERSITY Fellowship. </doc> <doc id="2337746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337746" title="Proctor District, Tacoma, Washington"> Proctor District, Tacoma, Washington The Proctor District is a business district in the north end of Tacoma, Washington. Primarily a center for locals to shop, the District has cultivated a small town "urban village" character. Nestled in Tacoma's North End, the Proctor District is home to many unique, family owned small businesses. The venerable Blue Mouse Theatre, built in 1923, is the oldest continuously operating movie theater in Washington State and is open seven days a week. The Blue Mouse celebrated its 90th birthday on November 12, 2013 and has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 2010. Two Saturdays a month, Rocky Horror Picture Show brings in crowds. There are many restaurants including Europa Bistro, East West Cafe, Pomodoro, La Fondita, Knapps and Pour At Four. Popular retailers include Blue, Chirp and Company, Compass Rose, Connections Fine Jewelry, Envy, Fleet Feet Sports, Jasminka, Megs & Mo, the Proctor Art Gallery, Teaching Toys & Books, and the Wag Pet Market. Proctor is also home to US Bank, Key Bank and Umpqua Bank. There is a veterinary clinic and a range of businesses that attract shoppers from surrounding areas as well as nearby neighborhoods. The Pacific Northwest Shop (Proctor and North 27th) specializes in products made exclusively in the Pacific Northwest. For a complete list of shops go to http://theproctordistrict.com/ An important development in the mid-1990s was the arrival of the supermarket Queen Anne Thriftway, now Metropolitan Market, which moved in across from Safeway at the corner of North 25th and Proctor. The center of the Proctor District is located at the cross streets of Proctor Street and North 26th Street in Tacoma. The 1927 Proctor Street bridge just north of the district was rebuilt in 2006. A major commercial and residential development, Proctor Station - 2015, has been a controversial project due to its size and cost. It offers retail on the ground floor with apartments in the five floors above that. A proposed similar project at the other end of the Proctor District promises to be more controversial with many local residents formed in opposition and attempting to lower the height limitation from 65 feet to 45 feet, a move developers oppose as it will limit the profitability of the project. The Proctor District is the site of two public schools (Washington-Hoyt Elementary School and Mason Middle School), and the Tacoma Waldorf School. It has a public library (Anna Lemon Wheelock Public Library), and a church, the Mason United Methodist Church, as well as a number of charitable organizations. Mason United Methodist Church hosts several services for the public: Tacoma Discovery Shop is a thrift shop that supports the American Cancer Society Safe Place for Newborns Fire House 13 is a designated Safe Place for Newborns. Proctor has a lively farmers' market, the second largest in the city, which runs from the last weekend in March through the second-to-last weekend in December on Saturdays from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. The Proctor Arts Festival </doc> <doc id="2337752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337752" title="List of Pro Wrestling Zero1 personnel"> List of Pro Wrestling Zero1 personnel This is a list of professional wrestlers who wrestle at Pro Wrestling Zero1, a Japanese professional wrestling promotion. Through a relationship with the Marvelous "joshi puroresu" promotion, Zero1 also has a division for female wrestlers. </doc> <doc id="2337754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337754" title="Architecture of Bosnia and Herzegovina"> Architecture of Bosnia and Herzegovina The architecture of Bosnia and Herzegovina is largely influenced by four major periods where political and social changes determined the creation of distinct cultural and architectural habits of the region. The medieval period in Bosnia lasted until the invasion of Ottoman Empire. The social organization of Bosnia of that time developed into a system known as "Zadruga". In Zadruga, the community was organized such that a few families with common interests would live closely together in housing clusters. The leaders of the community were selected according to their age and high ethical standards. The Zadruga system was primarily found a rural, agrarian communities, greatly dependent on natural resources. As the community grew, segments of families would collectively move to another area forming a new cluster or a village. The continuing links between these related clusters stimulated both trade and economy. Individual families lived together in houses known as Dinaric houses. These were simple structures build of natural materials (usually timber and wickerwork). Interior space was organized around the hearth in a central room with separate private quarters for men and women. Even though military fortresses in Bosnia and Herzegovina date from Roman times, most of them were built between the 12th and 15th century. The structures were built out of ruff cut stone on hills overlooking a river, route or town. Today there are around 300 of them but most of them are in ruins. The most beautiful and well preserved are: Sarajevo, Srebrenik, Blagaj, Jajce, Travnik, Tešanj, Počitelj, Doboj, Vranduk, Bobovac, Stolac, Maglaj, Gradačac, Ljubuški, Sokol, Sokolac na Uni Dobor, Ključ, Bihać, Bosanska Krupa, Ostrožac, Oštrovica, Velika Kladuša, Višegrad, Zvornik, etc. The court in Kraljeva Sutjeska was even richly engraved in Gothic style. An example of medieval Gothic and Romanesque tower is the Tower of St. Luke located in Jajce and created in the 15th century. In the late 15th century, the Ottoman Empire came to the Balkans. They addressed the need to develop urban areas and cities, from this emergerged the basic form and organization of urban areas which are still distinctive today. Dušan Grabrijan, an architectural theoretician, defined the primary organization of typical Bosnian cities. He recognized that cities had five authentic components defined by a set of "unwritten laws": surrounding hills defined the form of the city, the main road is the spine, “Čarsija” is the heart, vegetation are lungs, river is the spirit. Juraj Neidhardt another theoretician described a typical Bosnian city in one of his books as following: The fact that people used river as a main element of urban life led to construction of Stari most in 1566 in Mostar in Herzegovina. At the time it was built it was the longest single span arch stone bridge in the world. Its meaning had however rather more profound power. It symbolized the connection between eastern and western civilization. In addition to urban planning, architecture of Bosnia has emerged with a bit clearer architectural vocabulary. Architecture however was organized around a set of unwritten architectural laws including: human scale, unobstructed views, geometry, open and flexible spaces, simple furniture, spatial links to nature and use of local materials and traditional building techniques. In addition design philosophy favored heterogeneity of materials. In other words, each material had a particular intrinsic function given to it by social perception of the people involved in the architectural process. Juraj Neidhardt described this perception as following:” Hence foundations were built out of stone, ground floor out of clay, unburnt brick and wooden ties, first floor out of wooden frame and roof almost always out of wood. Organizationally, a typical Bosnian residence from the 17th century consisted of five main elements: a fence that faced and defined the street and clearly differentiated private from public, a courtyard usually built of pebble or flat stone pattern for easier maintenance, an outdoor fountain ("Šadrvan") for hygienic purposes, a lower level "semi-public" private space called the "Hajat" where the family would gather, and the "Divanhan", an upper-level semi-private/private space used for relaxation and enjoyment. In 1878 Bosnia was up for another cultural diversification as Austro-Hungarian Empire annexed the country. In the short time that Austrian Empire ruled Bosnia they had an immense influence in future urban planning and architecture. Some of the changes introduced by Austrian influence included introduction of new building code regulations such as, required building permits, life safety and fire protection requirements, regulated wall thickness and building heights. Some changes in urban planning involved classification of street types and consequent building regulations, requirement for harmonious design with immediate surroundings and compliance with overall regulation plan. There were also changes in a general design philosophy. Stylistically, Bosnia was to be assimilated into the European mainstream, save for the appearance of the Orientalist style (also Pseudo-Moorish style). The aim was to promote Bosnian national identity while avoiding its association with either the Ottoman Empire or the growing pan-Slavic movement by creating an "Islamic architecture of European fantasy". This style drew its inspiration from the Moorish and Mudéjar architecture of Spain as well as Mamluk architecture of Egypt and Syria, as exemplified by Mostar Gymnasium. This included application of ornamentations and other "Moorish" design strategies neither of which had much to do with prior architectural direction of indigenous Bosnian architecture. The new architectural languages added to diversity of already complex urban composition in Bosnian cities. These and other changes caused certain other consequences in Bosnia. For example, building life safety was improved however local building contractors and architects become obsolete due to new regulations and construction methods. This caused immigration of skilled labor from Central Europe that further doubled and diversified the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina which in the turn stimulated the economy. Finally, cities began changing their character. The majority of projects during the time of Austrian influence dealt with administrative building designs. The post office in Sarajevo for example follows distinct formal characteristics of design like clarity of form, symmetry, and proportion while the interior followed the same doctrine. The National and University Library of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Sarajevo is an example of Orientalist architectural language using Moorish-Mamluk decoration and pointed arches while still integrating other formal elements into the design. At the end of World War II Bosnia and Herzegovina become a republic in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Political currents in Yugoslavia favored industrialization that required an emphasis on development of public housing to serve migration of population from rural to urban areas. To overcome cultural conflicts anti-historicism with modern architectural vocabulary became a prevalent design strategy for the majority of architectural projects. Hence homogeneity of materials replaced traditional heterogeneity and concrete became a material of choice for construction. Such practices, however, caused several problems. Industrialization caused pollution of cities but more importantly it caused flight from rural areas that further caused discrepancies in production, which damaged the economy. There was insufficiency of infrastructure, electricity, water and central heating to sustain new public housing development due to poor planning while residential skyscrapers inappropriately intermingled with existing architectural context. Poor construction methods and lack of quality due to lack of resources caused unhealthy living environments. All these issues led to diminishing cultural identity of Bosnia and Herzegovina while draining its natural and human resources. On the other hand, there were few architectural projects that attempted to address issues of cultural diversity. Residential House “Dino” in Sarajevo built in 1987 by Amir Vuk and Mirko Maric was one of those attempts. It is the duplex residential house where one follows the oriental architectural vocabulary while the other has rather western European philosophy of the façade organization while they share a common entrance. Another example is the Holiday Inn Hotel built in 1983 and the “Unis” Twin Towers built in Sarajevo in 1986 and designed by Ivan Štraus. Among the people of the city, the twin towers are commonly called "Momo" (Serbian name) and "Uzeir" (Bosniak name). There is no consensus among the people of the city which tower carried the Serbian or Bosnian name. This ambiguity of the names accentuated the cultural unity as its primary architectural quality. In 1992, the Republika Srpska army besieged Sarajevo (in what would come to be referred to as the infamous Siege of Sarajevo) and shelled both of the twin towers. During the Bosnian War from 1992–1995, over 2000 monasteries, churches, mosques and other buildings of historical value were destroyed by all sides. Among those demolished were the Ferhadija mosque (built in 1578 in Banja Luka and bulldozed in 1993) and the Stari Most in Mostar built in 1566. Today Stari most divides the city into the Eastern part in which Bosniaks reside, and the Western part in which Croats reside. In the years following the Bosnian War, there has been a construction boom in Sarajevo. It is among the cities with the most construction in South-east Europe. The UNIS Twin Towers, designed by architect Ivan Straus, were almost totally destroyed in the war, but have been renovated completely. In the Hrasno residential area, the Bosnian company Bosmal has constructed the "Bosmal City Center", one of the tallest twin towers in the Balkans at 120 meters each. The new owners of the Holiday Inn Hotel in Sarajevo, also designed by architect Ivan Straus, announced that they will start construction on a new 22 story tower. The so-called 'intelligent' tower is expected to cost about 50 million euros. The Unis Twin Towers have been renovated completely. On the site of the former Oslobodjenje Towers, the Avaz towers have now been constructed as new headquarters for Avaz, the popular Bosnian newspaper company. It’s located in Marin Dvor, Sarajevo's business district which has recently been totally renovated with the plans for the Unitic 3 and Grand Media Center. The new tower went under construction in 2006 and it is expected to be completed some time in 2008. The Avaz Twist Tower will hold the record for being the Balkan's tallest tower and one of the most interesting towers in Europe. It is made up of a twisting glass facade and will be 142 meters tall with a 30-meter antenna reaching a total height of 172 meters. Most of the Olympic venues were destroyed but reconstruction has not yet taken place. The Bosnian Parliament building (from architect Juraj Neidhart) is under re-construction, and the Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Sarajevo's Marin Dvor area is totally renovated. In Sarajevo's Ilidža suburb many construction projects which could be considered large by even EU standards have been started. Examples include a project to build a cable car to connect to the nearby mountains Igman and Bjelašnica; a sport complex with swimming pools worth 30 million euro; and the 'Gardens of Riverina' - city within the city which will cost more than 1 billion euro over a ten-year period. Recently, one section of the future European motorway corridor 5C was constructed and opened for traffic near Sarajevo. Soon the Federal government will start construction on a new 40 km long motorway section from Sarajevo to Zenica. The construction of the whole 330 km of 5C was planned to be started in spring 2006, and worth approximately 3 billion euros. Bjelašnica and Igman Olympic Mountains are under plans to be privatized and reconstructed. Cultural preservation is under way in Bosnia and Herzegovina which can be seen with the most recent reconstruction of Stari Most in Mostar and many other structures of cultural and historical significance which were damaged or destroyed in the recent war. Many other projects, unfortunately, are still stifled by political disputes and lack of funds, due largely to corruption. The doctrine that is generally followed in preservation was summarized by Italo C. Angle: </doc> <doc id="2337771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337771" title="Mezzamorphis"> Mezzamorphis Mezzamorphis is the second studio album by Christian rock band Delirious?. Released in 1999, it represented a large step towards a more electronic and mainstream sound for the band and received a mostly positive critical reception. However, despite the critical acclaim, many former Delirious? fans disliked the album, claiming that the band had sold out to the secular industry. "Mezzamorphis" spawned two UK singles, "See the Star" and "It's OK", both of which landed in the top 20 of the UK Singles Charts, whilst the album itself peaked at No. 25 on the UK Album Charts, giving Delirious? their second top 30 album in a row. The album has since been certified silver in the UK. In the US, "Gravity" was released as the lead single in promotion of the album. Following their breakthrough 1997 album "King of Fools", Delirious? started recording "Mezzamorphis" in February 1998, and continued to record throughout that year, interspersed with summer tours throughout the US and UK. The band began recording with roughly half the songs already written, and continued writing as they recorded. Most of the recording took place in an old school in West Sussex. In the words of lead vocalist Martin Smith, "We turned a classroom into a control room, and there were some wooden rooms where students used to dine, in which we set up a drum kit with different mike positions. We did the bulk of it there for the first six months in between touring. In the end, we went to a smaller studio in Ford just to finish it off." The band used movable drapes to experiment with different drum sounds and reverbs; most of the drums on the album are thus natural and unprocessed. Formerly known for a sound similar to that of U2, Delirious? aimed for a more dense and electronic sound, taking inspiration from Radiohead. Producer Tedd T was brought in to add aspects of electronica to the production. Recording was finished at a small studio near Littlehampton, putting the final touches on vocals. The album was mixed by Jack Joseph Puig in Los Angeles early in 1999. In the words of guitarist Stu G, "Martin and I went out to LA in January for three weeks and sat down with him and explained to him what we were doing and where we were coming from, what we were trying to accomplish with the music. He was very perceptive. He definitely took our tracks and made them into something we couldn't have done ourselves." Puig's mixing of the album deepened the bass sound and brought it more of a "club" feel. As with the previous album, "King of Fools", "Mezzamorphis" is mostly midtempo; notable exceptions include "Bliss" and "Gravity". The new electronic direction taken by the band incorporated a theremin, played by bassist Jon Thatcher; additionally, Stu G used Revox tape delays to create keyboard-like guitar effects. Classical instruments were also included, including a Salvation Army brass band on "It's OK", an upright bass (also played by Thatcher) on "Kiss Your Feet", and a string quartet throughout the album. While "Mezzamorphis" is not strictly a concept album, more than one professional reviewer has pointed out that there is a general theme of getting to heaven running through the whole work. The band have confirmed this, and have also pointed out a theme of change. "Heaven", inspired by the troubles in Northern Ireland, ties the two themes of heaven and change together; according to Smith, "we have to come to realize that we come from the dust, yet we believe one day we'll meet Jesus. In the meantime, we're caught between two worlds. Heaven is my home." The first track, "Mezzanine Floor", is the change-oriented centrepiece of the album, written about the musical growth of the band. According to Stu G, "we feel that we're at a point where we've left where we were, but we're not yet where we believe we're going to end up. So, we're on the way, in the middle, on the mezzanine floor." "Metamorphis", written solely by Stu G, further explores this theme of change. The name of the album is a mixture of the names of these two tracks (see metamorphosis and mezzanine). Another strong theme from the album is peer pressure, particularly due to the band's part-Christian-part-mainstream status. The song "Gravity" refers to the opposing influences of Heaven and the secular world pulling the band in opposite directions, whilst "Metamorphis" further explores "the fact that out in the world, although everybody wants to be their own selves, we're pulled this way and that. Everyone you meet wants you to be something or another. The song asks God to help us to be our own true selves, as God sees us, not the way folk pressure us to be what they want us to be." "Bliss" deals with accusations of selling out; in the words of Stu G, "we know exactly where we want to go, we want to take our music to the world and have it recognized as being as good as anything that's out there. But we're not going to compromise or back away from our integrity as Christians." The promotional UK tour featured American rock band Switchfoot as support. Delirious? also performed several songs live at Glastonbury Festival. The first single, "See the Star", was released in the UK in 1999, selling over 5,000 copies in the first day and 12,000 copies in the first week. This was enough to push it to No. 16 in the UK Singles Charts and No. 2 in the indies — the highest chart position ever held by a Delirious? single. A year later, the band released "It's OK", which entered the singles charts at No. 18 and the indie charts at No. 3. The song was featured an episode of the US television series "Get Real". "Gravity" was planned to be released as a single in the UK, but was only released as a radio single in the US, due to Radio One's refusal to playlist the band. "Mezzamorphis" was released on 12 April 1999 in the United Kingdom. Despite the extensive publicity campaign, the album debuted at No. 25 in the UK Album Charts and No. 2 in the indies, lower than the band's first album, "King of Fools"; however, it was the second consecutive Top 30 release for the band. The album also reached No. 2 in the contemporary Christian music charts in America and No. 137 in the "Billboard" 200 (No. 5 in the Heatseekers) following its 8 June release. Critical response was generally positive in both the secular and UK Christian music media. "Rock Sound" magazine praised "the band's talent for writing instant rock/pop songs" and stated, "it shouldn't be long before Delirious? claim their rightful place as one of Britain's brightest new bands", whilst "Q" magazine named them "the hottest thing in Christian rock" and predicted, "Mezzamorphis will be the album that makes them". The UK Christian music magazine Cross Rhythms awarded the album a full ten-square rating, calling the album an "absolute classic", whilst Jesus Freak Hideout stated, "the musical growth is evident... and appreciated". The album also drew comparisons to U2's anthemic qualities and was praised for its modern production. In the United States, the Virgin marketed version omitted two songs ("Kiss Your Feet" and "Jesus' Blood") that were included on the Sparrow version. Each of these contained explicit faith references. Additionally, the album caused some controversy in the US Christian music scene due to the lyric "she's as pretty as hell" in the song "It's OK". The band had left the song off promotional copies of the album, and Sparrow Records had considered leaving the song off the album; several Christian retailers dropped the album amongst the complaints. Smith wrote a response to the controversy on the band's website; however, many fans continued to believe that the band had left Christian rock for the secular industry. The band also received criticism for the lack of the word "Jesus" on the album. "We recognise the ultimate validity of the criticisms leveled against us," responded lead singer Martin Smith, "and we feel as a band that this just speaks to the spiritual and intellectual maturity of our listening audience and Christians in general, for that matter." Album Singles </doc> <doc id="2337773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337773" title="Mikołaj Gomółka"> Mikołaj Gomółka Mikołaj Gomółka (c. 1535 – after 30 April 1591, most probably 5 March 1609) was a Polish Renaissance composer, member of the royal court of Sigismund II Augustus, where he was a singer, flutist and trumpeter. Gomółka was born in Sandomierz. Between 1545 and 1563 he stayed at the royal court, where he learned to play the flute, the 'sztort' (an old Polish wind instrument, prototype of the bassoon), the violin and the lute, and then he became a royal chapel musician with full rights. Having left the court he fulfilled various social and legal functions in Sandomierz; for some time he stayed at the court of the Kraków bishop Piotr Myszkowski (to whom he dedicated his work "Melodies for the Polish Psalter"); he conducted mining researches near Muszyna and also stayed at the court of Jan Zamoyski in Kraków, where he was still living on 30 April 1591; this is the last known date of his life. The only preserved work by Gomółka is a collection of 150 independent compositions to the text of David's Psalter by Jan Kochanowski, for four-part unaccompanied mixed choir. The music is fully subordinated to the contents and the expressive layer of the text; he illustrates the mood or particular words by means of musical devices. In some works the composer applies dance rhythms characteristic of canzonetta. The "Melodies for the Polish Psalter" are a valuable monument of Old Polish culture showing the lay achievements of the renaissance adapted to the Polish conditions. </doc> <doc id="2337778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337778" title="Ahmed Khaled Tawfik"> Ahmed Khaled Tawfik Ahmed Khaled Tawfik Farraag (; June 10, 1962 – 2 April 2018) was an Egyptian author and a physician, also known as Ahmed Khaled Tawfik or Ahmed Khaled Towfik who wrote more than 200 paperbacks. He was the first contemporary writer of horror and science fiction in the Arab world and also the first writer to explore the medical thriller genre. Tawfik is considered by many to have been one of the most influential writers of his time. His legacy has influenced thousands of Arab authors. Born in June 10, 1962 in the northern Egyptian city of Tanta, Tawfik graduated from Tanta University's medical school in 1985. He attained a PhD in 1997. In 1992, he joined the Modern Arab Association publishing company and began writing his first series of novels the following year. In January 1993, he published the first installment in his horror/thriller series "Ma Waraa Al Tabiaa" () which translates to "Beyond nature" or "Metaphysics" . He also writes periodical articles for journals and web-based magazines such as "El Destoor" and "Rewayty". His writing style has appealed to both Egyptian and broader Arabic-speaking audiences, gaining him popularity in Egypt and the Middle East. Tawfik's novels typically feature all Egyptian characters and are set both in Egypt and around the world. Some of his characters are semi-autobiographical. Tawfik draws from personal experiences in their creation; fans consider him their "godfather" and identify him most closely with his character, "Refaat Ismael", who was featured in the "Ma Waraa Al Tabiaa" series. His book Utopia may even reflect Egypt as it is becoming, with rich and poor and no middle-class. "Refaat Ismael" is the main character of "Ma Waraa Al Tabiaa". He is a retired doctor who leads a life, chock-full of paranormal experiences. A bachelor with a sarcastic attitude, this character is widely loved by fans of Egyptian pocket novels. Many of Tawfik's fans refer to the author as Refaat Ismail, because they note the similarities between author and character. "Alaa abdel Azeem" is the main character of the "Safari". He's a young, Egyptian physician who works for a fictitious, medical establishment named "Safari", with branches in African countries. Safari's sole purpose is to hunt diseases. The character is married to Bernadette Jones, a Canadian pediatrician. This character is witty, nervous, not the greatest physician but a quick study who enjoys performing surgeries. Abeer abdel Rahman is the main character of the "Fantazia" series. She's a simple, Egyptian housewife with average looks, but well read. She marries a handsome, computer programmer, Sherif, who has invented "DG-2 (Dream Generator 2)", a high tech device that can materialize preexisting human knowledge into dreams. With the device, Abeer has the chance to participate in any story she knows and live with any character- (Superman, Batman, Adham Sabri). He began writing his stories when he was ten years old and he wrote, in all, more than 500 books. His series "Fantasia" was the first of its kind; a plot that presents famous literary works to young people, through an interactive presentation. "Fantasia" presented the young Arab reader to a wide spectrum of topics from Arthur Conan Doyle and Sikhism, to Dostoevsky and the Cosa Nostra. Other works include: Ahmed Khaled Tawfik died at El Demerdash Hospital in Cairo, Egypt on April 2, 2018.He died at 55, his death was confirmed by his best friend Dr Ayman El-Gendy. The cause of his death was a “long-term illness”, according to local newspapers. </doc> <doc id="2337781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337781" title="Martin Smith (English musician)"> Martin Smith (English musician) Martin James Smith (born 6 July 1970) is an English vocalist, guitarist, songwriter, and producer. Smith was the front man of the Christian rock and worship band Delirious?. When Delirious? disbanded in 2009, Smith became a solo artist. Before becoming a full-time musician, Smith was a sound engineer at ICC studios in Eastbourne. Along with Stewart Smith (no relation) and Tim Jupp, Smith formed The Cutting Edge in 1992. In 1995, Smith and his wife were involved in a near-fatal car accident, and during the weeks of his recovery, he decided to become a professional musician. This inspired him to write the song "August 30". In 1996, the band, now known as Delirious?, became a full-time endeavour. Smith's band, Delirious?, produced some of the most recognised songs in Christian music, including "I Could Sing of Your Love Forever", "History Maker", "My Glorious", "Did You Feel the Mountains Tremble?", "Shout to the North", "Deeper", "Majesty (Here I Am)", and "What a Friend I've Found". The band announced that they would take a break at the end of 2009 to focus on things close to them. Smith said that he wanted to spend time with his family and devote more time to the CompassionArt project. Headed by Smith and his wife, CompassionArt is an art and International development charity. It released a various artists album in January 2009, with Smith appearing on three tracks. Delirious? later confirmed that they were breaking up permanently after a final concert in November 2009. In 2012 and 2013, Smith independently released four EPs, titled "God's Great Dance Floor: Movements One through Four". Each EP contains new songs, written or co-written by Smith. The title track was co-written with Chris Tomlin, which uses samples from Lionel Richie's 1986 single "Dancing on the Ceiling". In 2013 he released his first full albums "God's Great Dance Floor Step 01" and "God's Great Dance Floor Step 02", each containing the songs from the four EPs, plus new tracks. Smith also collaborated with the other members of Delirious? on the 2007 book "I Could Sing of Your Love Forever: Stories, Reflections and Devotions". In 2011, he released his autobiography, "Delirious: The Autobiography of Martin Smith". Smith has been married to Anna since 1994. She is sister to Delirious?'s former bass player Jon Thatcher. They have six children. </doc> <doc id="2337793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337793" title="Theodore Stark Wilkinson"> Theodore Stark Wilkinson Theodore Stark "Ping" Wilkinson (December 22, 1888 – February 21, 1946) was a Vice-Admiral of the United States Navy during World War II. He also received the Medal of Honor for his actions in Veracruz, Mexico. Wilkinson entered the United States Naval Academy in 1905 and graduated first in the class of 1909. He served the two years of sea duty then required by law prior to commissioning, in the battleships and , before he received his ensign's commission on June 5, 1911. After instruction at George Washington University, Washington, D.C., under the auspices of the Navy's Bureau of Ordnance (BuOrd), Wilkinson reported to the battleship on July 25, 1913 for sea duty. During his time in that dreadnought, Ens. Wilkinson led "Florida"'s 2d Company in action during the landings on 21 and April 22, 1914 at Veracruz, Mexico. For his skillful and courageous leadership of that unit of the battleship's landing force and his exhibition of "eminent and conspicuous" conduct, he received the Medal of Honor. On August 4, he was transferred to the armored cruiser , and two days later sailed eastward in her across the Atlantic. "Tennessee" and were ordered to European waters to evacuate Americans trapped on the continent by the outbreak of World War I. On September 3, he became an assistant to the naval attaché at Paris and a month later left that post to join "North Carolina" in the Mediterranean. Subsequently, the young officer had tours of sea duty: first as aide, to Commander, 2d Division, Atlantic Fleet, and then as aide to the commander of the 7th Division. From July 1916 to July 1919, Wilkinson served with distinction as the head of the Experimental Section, Bureau of Ordnance, where he developed ordnance materials and devices, most notable being a noxious gas filler for shells and an "exceptionally satisfactory smoke screen". Additionally, he was deemed largely responsible for the successful design of a depth charge and for the development of the firing mechanism of the Mark VI mine used in the North Sea Mine Barrage. Following that tour ashore—for which he received a letter of commendation—Wilkinson went to sea, first serving as gunnery officer in the battleship "Kansas" and later as fire control officer in . In 1921 and 1922, Wilkinson commanded, in succession, the destroyers , , and , before he returned to BuOrd's experimental section. After commanding the destroyer from January 1925 to December 1926, Wilkinson headed the Records Section of the Bureau of Navigation (BuNav) Officer Personnel Division. In June 1930, he became fleet gunnery officer and aide to Commander, Scouting Fleet (later, Commander, Scouting Force), Rear Admiral A. L. Willard. Detached from that duty in December 1931, he soon assumed the duties of secretary to the Navy's General Board. While in that assignment, Wilkinson had additional duty during the arms limitation talks at Geneva in 1933 and in London in 1934. From September 1934 to June 1936, Wilkinson served as executive officer of . Over the next three years, he headed the Planning Division of BuNav and then returned to "Indianapolis", this time in a staff capacity, as Chief of Staff to Commander, Scouting Force. In January 1941, he fleeted up to command the battleship . Detached from that duty and promoted to Rear Admiral, Wilkinson was assigned as Director of the Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) on October 15. His new responsibilities inevitably embroiled him in the subsequent controversy over whether the US Pacific Fleet Commander at Pearl Harbor was sufficiently warned of the danger of a Japanese attack before December 7 – an issue on which Wilkinson testified for three days before a joint congressional committee in December 1945. According to his testimony and that of others, ONI was responsible for collecting and evaluating intelligence, but R. Adm. Richmond Kelly Turner, Director of War Plans, had sought and received the authority in 1940 to control information sent to the fleet on "enemy intentions" and "the strategic picture." Exercising this authority, Turner had prepared messages to fleet commanders on November 24 that "a surprise aggressive movement on the Philippines or Guam is a distinct possibility," and on November 27 stating that "this is a war warning…an aggressive move by Japan is expected within the next few days…indicates an amphibious expedition against either the Philippines, Thai or Kra Peninsula or possibly Borneo…execute appropriate defensive deployment." Wilkinson had followed these messages up on December 2 with a message to the fleet commanders reporting that Japanese consuls were instructed to destroy their codes—a standard precaution for hostilities. No further warnings were sent to the US fleet until just before the attack on December 7, when hostilities had become even more clearly imminent from overnight decryption of Japanese "purple code" intercepts. When asked for his opinion at the time about Japanese intentions, Turner said that he had always thought that there was a 50-50 chance that they would attack Pearl Harbor at the outset. The congressional committee noted that he was "the only officer in Washington in the higher echelons who thought so." Wilkinson, in contrast, admitted that he had believed it was more likely that Japan would strike first somewhere in the SW Pacific and avoid an immediate direct confrontation with the US – an opinion which the committee report found to have been widely shared by senior US officers before the attack. From ONI, Wilkinson was assigned briefly as Commander, Battleship Division 2, Pacific Fleet, in August 1942, then as Deputy Commander, South Pacific, under Admiral William Halsey and General Douglas MacArthur as theater commander beginning in January 1943. Halsey was designated Third Fleet Commander in March, and Wilkinson became Commander of the Third Amphibious Force in July 1943. In those positions, he is credited by naval historian Samuel Eliot Morison with developing the US "leapfrogging" strategy designed to seize control of the Southwest Pacific islands occupied by Japan. Rather than attack Japanese bases and fortifications frontally, the strategy was to "hit them where they ain't," by occupying positions behind their forward outposts and cutting their supply lines. The strategy was so successful that Japanese war czar Tojo before his death told General MacArthur that it was one of the three principal factors that defeated Japan. (The other two factors were US submarine effectiveness and long-distance US carrier operations.) Pursuing this strategy, Wilkinson earned the Distinguished Service Medal (DSM) for commanding the amphibious forces in the assaults on New Georgia, Vella Lavella, and the Treasury Islands; and established a key position on the west coast of Bougainville. He was promoted to Vice Admiral in 1944, and won a gold star in lieu of a second DSM for his leadership in the assaults that took Peleliu and Angaur in the Palaus, and Ulithi in the Carolines. Subsequently, Wilkinson earned another gold star in lieu of a third DSM, for commanding Task Force 79 (TF 79) in action in the Philippines between October 1, 1944 and January 18, 1945—operations that included the landings conducted by the Southern Attack Force on Leyte in October 1944 and at Lingayen in January 1945. Ordered to the Navy Department in September 1945 for temporary duty, Vice Admiral Wilkinson became a member of the Joint Strategic Survey Committee of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in January 1946. He was serving in that capacity when he lost his life on February 21, 1946 in a tragic ferry accident at Hampton Roads, in which he was able to save his wife Catherine from drowning, but was unable to escape himself. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery and his grave can be found in section 2, Lot 3645. Rank and organization: Ensign, U.S. Navy. Born: December 22, 1888, Annapolis, Md. Appointed from: Louisiana. G.O. No.: 177, December 4, 1915. Other Navy award: Distinguished Service Medal with gold stars in lieu of 2 additional DSM's. Citation: For distinguished conduct in battle, engagements of Vera Cruz, 21 and April 22, 1914. Ens. Wilkinson was in both days' fighting at the head of his company and was eminent and conspicuous in his conduct, leading his men with skill and courage. Vice Admiral Theodore Stark Wilkinson´s ribbon bar: In 1952, the destroyer leader was named in his honor. </doc> <doc id="2337794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337794" title="My Name Is Mud"> My Name Is Mud "My Name Is Mud" is a song by the American rock band Primus and is the first single from the 1993 album "Pork Soda". The lyrics are written from the point of view of a blue-collar man, Aloysius Devandander Abercrombie, who has killed his friend after an argument and is now trying to bury him. The song samples the line "Where are you goin' city boy?" from the film "Deliverance". The track's title refers to a common derogatory phrase that implies its recipient is "a stupid, twaddling fellow". In 2010, Primus released a new version of the track sung entirely in Spanish under the title "Me Llamo Mud". The song inspired the theme song to WWE's group SAnitY. In 1993, the band released a music video for "My Name Is Mud", directed by Mark Kohr. The video features Claypool, in character as Abercrombie, speaking directly to the camera as he stands over a dead body and digs a grave for it. These scenes are intercut with footage of the band performing outdoors, silhouetted by sunset, and scenes of Bob Cock visiting a health spa, where he takes a mud bath and sits in a crowded sauna before accepting and drinking a glass of Pork Soda, referencing the album of the same name. The video received heavy airplay on MTV and was given a positive review by "Beavis and Butt-head", who have since identified this song with the band. On November 30, 2010, Primus released a download-only single titled "Me Llamo Mud". This was an updated recording of "My Name Is Mud" with Claypool singing the lyrics entirely in Spanish. This version was recorded live in the band's rehearsal space in a similar fashion to their recent "June 2010 Rehearsal" EP. </doc> <doc id="2337798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337798" title="Theodore Wilkinson"> Theodore Wilkinson Theodore Wilkinson may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337799" title="Pump Friction"> Pump Friction Pump Friction is the studio project of DJ/producer Lewis Dene from London. He scored a #1 hit on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1997 with "That Sound." He also hit #40 that same year with "Vicious" (as Pump Friction & Soundclash featuring Connie Harvey). Dene is also one half of the duo Solitaire (with Dave Taylor), which a scored number 13 hit in 2004 on Hot Dance Music/Club Play and number 7 on the Dance Radio Airplay charts with "I Like Love (I Love Love)", which sampled Norma Jean Wright's "I Like Love." </doc> <doc id="2337802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337802" title="Dares Phrygius"> Dares Phrygius Dares Phrygius (), according to Homer, was a Trojan priest of Hephaestus. He was supposed to have been the author of an account of the destruction of Troy, and to have lived before Homer. A work in Latin, purporting to be a translation of this, and entitled "Daretis Phrygii de excidio Trojae historia", was much read in the Middle Ages, and was then ascribed to Cornelius Nepos, who is made to dedicate it to Sallust; but the language better fits a period much later than the time of Nepos (probably the 5th century AD). It is doubtful whether the existing work is an abridgment of a larger Latin work or an adaptation of a Greek original. Together with the similar work of Dictys Cretensis (with which it is generally printed), the "De excidio" forms the chief source for the numerous medieval accounts of the Trojan legend, the so-called Matter of Troy. The work was a significant source for Joseph of Exeter's "De bello Troiano". </doc> <doc id="2337806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337806" title="Vörðr"> Vörðr In Norse mythology, a ' (pl. ' or — "warden," "watcher" or "caretaker") is a warden spirit, believed to follow from birth to death the soul (') of every person. In Old Swedish, the corresponding word is '; in modern Swedish ', and the belief in them remained strong in Scandinavian folklore up until the last centuries. The English word '"wraith" is derived from ', while "ward" and "warden" are cognates. At times, the warden could reveal itself as a small light or as the shape (') of the person. The perception of another person's warden could cause a physical sensation such as an itching hand or nose, as a foreboding or an apparition. The warden could arrive before the actual person, which someone endowed with fine senses might perceive. The warden of a dead person could also become a revenant, haunting particular spots or individuals. In this case, the revenant warden was always distinct from more conscious undeads, such as the '. Under the influence of Christianity, the belief in wardens changed, and became more akin to the Christian concept of a good and a bad conscience. A very old tree (often a linden, ash or elm) growing on the farm lot could be dubbed a "warden tree" (), and was believed to defend it from bad luck. Breaking a leaf or twig from the warden tree was considered a serious offence. The respect for the tree was so great that the family housing it could adopt a surname related to it, such as "Linnæus", "Lindelius" and "Almén". It was often believed that the wights (Swedish "") of the yard lived under the roots of the warden tree, and to them, one sacrificed treats to be freed from disease or bad luck. http://runeberg.org/nfcl/0676.html </doc> <doc id="2337812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337812" title="List of WWE personnel"> List of WWE personnel WWE is a professional wrestling promotion based in Stamford, Connecticut. WWE personnel consists of professional wrestlers, managers, play-by-play and color commentators, ring announcers, interviewers, referees, trainers, producers, script writers, and various other positions. Executives and board members are also listed. WWE contracts typically range from developmental contracts to multi-year deals. WWE describes most personnel as "independent contractors." Since the reintroduction of WWE's brand extension in 2016, personnel on the main roster are assigned to either the Raw brand or the SmackDown brand. Main roster personnel primarily appear on "Monday Night Raw", "SmackDown Live", and "205 Live", while they can also appear on WWE's other weekly television programming, as well as pay-per-views, and on untelevised live events. "205 Live" is a weekly program exclusive to Raw's cruiserweight competitors (205 lbs and under). Personnel assigned to the Raw brand may also appear on "Main Event", a Raw brand-exclusive show. Personnel in WWE's developmental system are assigned to either the NXT brand or the NXT UK brand and appear on "WWE NXT" and "NXT UK" respectively. Others recruited to WWE's developmental system are assigned to train at the Performance Center. As WWE has partnerships with the U.S. independent promotion Evolve, the UK based Insane Championship Wrestling and Progress Wrestling, and Germany's Westside Xtreme Wrestling, wrestlers from those groups may also make periodic appearances at WWE events and on WWE programming. The following section features talent signed with the company, but not assigned to any particular brand and appear sporadically throughout the year. In select cases, they are billed on-air as "free agents". The following section pertains to announcers who cover WWE broadcasts. This group includes presenters, ringside commentators, ring announcers, backstage interviewers, pre-show hosts and analysts. Select former or retired WWE wrestlers not currently on the main roster (billed publicly as "WWE Legends") and other celebrities and personalities have contracts to make periodic appearances—either on WWE TV or for promotional events—serving as "ambassadors" (public representatives/spokespeople) for the company. </doc> <doc id="2337813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337813" title="Nintendo World Championships"> Nintendo World Championships The Nintendo World Championships (NWC) is a nationwide video game competition video game tournament series, organized by Nintendo of America. There have been three Championships. The first was in 1990, touring 30 American cities. It was based on a custom game cartridge for the Nintendo Entertainment System, which would historically become one of the most rare and valuable NES cartridges. On June 14, 2015, the second Nintendo World Championships event took place for its 25th anniversary as part of Nintendo's E3 2015 coverage. The third edition of the Nintendo World Championships was held on October 7, 2017. In 2014, Nintendo released "NES Remix 2", featuring the reminiscent "Nintendo World Championships Remix", which uses emulation and online leaderboards to incite informal public competitiveness. Preceding the NWC in 1989 and in 1990, and coinciding with Nintendo's 100th anniversary, Nintendo started its first annual nationwide video game competition series as the Nintendo Challenge Championship (NCC) in Canada. Nintendo assumed full distribution and marketing from its partners and rebranded its competitions as the Nintendo World Championships. The original Nintendo World Championships began on March 8–11, 1990, in the Fair Park's Automobile Building in Dallas, Texas, and ended up touring through 30 cities across the United States. Players from three separate age groups (11 and below, 12–17, and 18 and above) competed across three days. The top two scorers then competed for the title of City Champion. The finalists won a trophy, , and a trip for two to the World Finals at Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles, California. The runners-up won a Nintendo Power Pad and a Game Boy. The World Finals were held December 7–9, 1990, conducted similarly to the City Championships and were located at Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles, California within the Star Trek Theater, now Shrek 4-D. There, contestants played a special Nintendo World Championships cartridge for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The cartridge contains three customized minigames based upon the popular games "Super Mario Bros.", "Rad Racer", and "Tetris". The objective is to achieve a high score according to a custom cumulative scoring formula across all games, within a total time limit of 6 minutes and 21 seconds. Three 1990 World Champion titles were given. Jeff Hansen won in the 11 and under category, Thor Aackerlund won in the 12–17 category, and Robert Whiteman won in the 18 and older category. There was no official competition round to crown a single winner. However, after the competition ended there was an informal face-off between the three winners, with Thor Aackerlund taking first place, Jeff Hansen taking second, and Robert Whiteman finishing third. The top winner in each age category were awarded a $10,000 U.S. savings bond, a new 1990 Geo Metro Convertible, a 40" Rear-projection television, and a gold painted Mario trophy. Runners up in each age category received a $1,000 U.S. savings bond and a silver Mario trophy. Thor Aackerlund later became the official games spokesperson for Camerica Corporation, a direct competitor to Nintendo, immediately after winning the Nintendo World Championship. Jeff Hansen later became the United States representative to Japan to win the World Championship title in Tokyo, Japan, and again in Las Vegas at a rematch with the Japanese champion, Yuichi Suyama. The Nintendo World Championships competition was based on a custom NES cartridge by the same name. Ninety copies exist as the official gray cartridge, given to finalists after the championships concluded. Another twenty-six copies exist in gold, like "The Legend of Zelda" cartridge, and were given as prizes in a separate contest held by "Nintendo Power" magazine. The "Nintendo World Championships" game cartridge is considered to be the most valuable NES cartridge ever released and one of the rarest, with collectors having been paid more than per copy. On May 13, 2015, Nintendo announced the return of Nintendo World Championships for the event's 25th anniversary, as part of the company's E3 2015 coverage. Qualifying competitions began on May 30 in eight Best Buy locations across the United States. At each location, contestants competed for the high score in "Ultimate NES Remix". The winners from each of these eight locations, plus eight players invited by Nintendo, became the contestants for the final event. The live video of the Championship's final event was streamed online from Los Angeles on June 14, 2015. The qualifying games were "Splatoon" (Wii U), "The Legend of Zelda" (NES), "" (3DS), "Super Metroid" (SNES), "Mario Kart 8" (Wii U), "Balloon Fight" (NES), and "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U" (Wii U). The final contest consisted of custom levels within the then unreleased "Super Mario Maker" (Wii U), played by the two finalists: John Numbers and professional speedrunner Narcissa Wright (then known as Cosmo Wright). In the first two levels the players were alternately blindfolded while the other played. The player who completed the levels the fastest would receive a 5-second advantage in the final level. In the final level they then raced simultaneously to the end, where John Numbers won the championship title. Gamesradar said that Numbers demonstrated "impulsive mastery" of the "Super Mario Maker" levels which were "hellish", "sadistic", "evil", and "truly weird". Shigeru Miyamoto made a surprise appearance to present a trophy to the winner, and an autographed New Nintendo 3DS XL system to each of the two finalists. On August 8, 2017, Nintendo of America announced the return of the Nintendo World Championships. Qualifying rounds took place August 19, 2017 through September 10, 2017 at selected Best Buy locations across eight cities in the United States. John Numbers, the returning champion of 2015, was one of the 13-and-older qualifiers. The main event was held on October 7, 2017 at the Manhattan Center's Grand Ballroom, and was streamed online via YouTube and Twitch.tv, as well as being simulcast on Disney XD's "D|XP" block. It used an elimination tournament format with a repechage bracket named the Underground, with competition based on a wide history of Nintendo's game library since the 1980s. This includes select gameplay modes and levels from "" (Switch/Wii U, 2017), "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U", "" (3DS, 2017), "Mario Kart 8 Deluxe" (Switch, 2017), "Splatoon 2" (Switch, 2017), "Balloon Fight" (NES, 1985), and other games for those consoles and for Nintendo 64, Wii, Nintendo DS, and Game Boy. The overall winner was Thomas G, who defeated the 2015 champion John Numbers. In 2015, Gamesradar summarized that "The "Super Mario Maker" climax ended Nintendo's championships on a pitch-perfect retro note." Contestant Joshua Ovenshire of Smosh Games said that the Nintendo World Championships should be "a staple at every E3", summarizing, "I was a part of Nintendo history. That's where the magic is at." </doc> <doc id="2337816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337816" title="Birmingham pen trade"> Birmingham pen trade The Birmingham pen trade evolved in the Birmingham Jewellery Quarter and its surrounding area in the 19th century; for many years, the city was the centre of the world's pen trade. In Newhall Street, John Mitchell manufactured pens; he pioneered mass production of steel pens (prior to this, the quill pen was the most common form of writing instrument). Mitchells are credited as being the first manufacturers to use machines to cut pen nibs, greatly speeding up the process. John's brother William later set up his own pen-making business in St Paul's square. Baker and Finnemore operated in James Street, near St Paul's Square; C. Brandauer & Co Ltd. (founded as Ash & Petit) traded at 70 Navigation Street; Joseph Gillott & Sons Ltd. made pen nibs in Bread Street (now Cornwall Street) for companies such as Perry & Co.; Hinks, Wells & Co. traded in Buckingham Street; George W. Hughes traded in St Paul's Square; Leonardt & Catwinkle (then D. Leonardt & Co.) traded in George and Charlotte Streets, and M. Myers & Son. were based at 8 Newhall Street. In 1828 Josiah Mason improved a cheap, efficient slip-in nib which could be added to a pen holder. This was based on existing models. By the 1850s, Birmingham existed as a world centre for steel pen and steel nib manufacture; more than half the steel-nib pens manufactured in the world were made in Birmingham. Thousands of skilled craftsmen and -women were employed in the industry. Many new manufacturing techniques were perfected in Birmingham, enabling the city's factories to mass-produce their pens cheaply and efficiently. These were sold worldwide to many who previously could not afford to write, thus encouraging the development of education and literacy. Richard Esterbrook manufactured quill pens in Cornwall. During the 19th century, Esterbrook saw a gap in the American market for steel-nib pens. He approached five craftsmen who worked for John Mitchell in Navigation Street, with a view to setting up business in Camden, New Jersey, USA. Esterbrook later went on to become one of the largest steel-pen manufacturers in the world. He returned to Birmingham for help when in 1928 the British Government placed restrictions on US imports. John Mitchell's factory was used to produce Esterbrook pens within the UK (Mitchells were then operating in Moland Street). In 1930 Esterbrook introduced a fountain pen in Britain which had a nib made of osmiridium, which eventually replaced large-scale production of steel-tipped pens. During World War II, pen manufacture in the city was somewhat disturbed. Mitchell's factory on Moland Street was struck by an incendiary bomb; the premises were partially rebuilt during the war with government aid, on condition that a government stationery office and ammunition assay office could reside there. Esterbrook were still manufacturing pens in Birmingham until 1973. During the first half of the 20th century Swan Pens opened a large gold pen-making factory in the city, taking advantage of the skilled gold workers of the jewellery quarter, and at the same time Osmiroid International had a large production plant in the city. </doc> <doc id="2337823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337823" title="Adam Jarzębski"> Adam Jarzębski Adam Jarzębski (c. 1590 in Warka – c. 1648 in Warsaw) was an early Baroque Polish composer, violinist, poet, and writer. The first documented mention of Jarzębski was in 1612, when he became a member of the chapel of John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg in Berlin. After he had stayed in Italy for a year (1615–16), he became a member of the royal musical establishment, first at the court of Sigismund III Vasa and then of Władysław IV. He was held in great esteem by the royal court and was very popular among the members of the patriciate of Warsaw. In 1635 he managed the construction of the royal palace at Ujazdów. In 1643 he published a literary work "Gościniec, albo krótkie opisanie Warszawy" ("The Main Road, or a Short Description of Warsaw") describing the customs and the musical life of the town. He died in Warsaw in 1649. He was an outstanding figure in the history of the Polish culture of the 17th century. He composed mainly instrumental music. "Canzoni é Concerti" (27 works) is the first major collection of Polish compositions for instrumental ensembles (2-, 3-, 4- part and basso continuo). With regard to form and compositional technique his works did not depart from the most valuable models of his genre in Europe. Most frequently the composer indicated only registers and various combinations of voices: he mentions particular instruments only occasionally. Some works are based on a vocal original, the remaining ones are original instrumental works (concertos and canzonas). Only two vocal works survive: the canon "More veterum" and a fragment of the mass "Missa sub concerto." </doc> <doc id="2337828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337828" title="Voordorp"> Voordorp Voordorp is a district in the North East of the city of Utrecht, the Netherlands. It has a population of approximately 3,000 citizens. Voordorp was named after an old church village, Voordorp, which changed its name to Blaue Capel (meaning 'blue chapel') after the local church was rebuilt and decorated in blue in 1451. It was built in the 90s as part of the last big expansion of Utrecht within the original city limits. The area of Voordorp contains a primary school, a snack bar, a cafe, a skate slope, a nursery and a cattle market. There are plans to move the cattle market to Leidsche Rijn in order accommodate expansion of the district. It borders highway A27 which is situated behind a noise barrier. From the heart of Utrecht, it's a twenty-minute bike ride or a twelve-minute drive to Voordorp. With the line 5 bus riding through Voordorp it is possible to reach central Utrecht. Its streets are named after freedom fighters. Recently, Voordorp was one of the first districts to get a fibreglass connection. This connection is used for internet, television and telephone. </doc> <doc id="2337829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337829" title="Anky van Grunsven"> Anky van Grunsven Theodora Elisabeth Gerarda "Anky" van Grunsven (born 2 January 1968) is a Dutch dressage champion who is the only rider to record three successive Olympic wins in the same event. Along with her Olympic successes, she has won numerous medals at the World Equestrian Games (WEG), and is the only rider to have competed at every WEG since they began in 1990. Between 1990 and 2006, she competed at the Games in dressage, but in 2010 she was named as part of the Dutch reining team, marking a major change in discipline. In addition to her Olympic and World Equestrian Games successes, van Grunsven holds the record for the most wins at the Dressage World Cup, winning the event nine times between 1995 and 2008. She has also competed numerous times at the European Dressage Championships, winning seven individual medals and eight team medals between 1991 and 2009. Although van Grunsven has ridden many horses over her career, she won the majority of her top events on two horses: Bonfire and Salinero. Bonfire, upon whom she had many of her early successes, was retired in 2002. Salinero quickly took over as van Grunsven's top horse, and remained in that position until his retirement in 2013, after making a major comeback to compete in the 2012 Olympic Games. Van Grunsven has been closely linked with the controversial training method rollkur, although she has moved to distance herself from the practice after it was banned from international competition. Van Grunsven was born in Erp, North Brabant. She began training in dressage at the age of 12, after her horse Prisco (who she would later ride at the Olympics and World Equestrian Games) performed poorly in show jumping. Van Grunsven is married to Dutch national equestrian coach Sjef Janssen, with whom she has two children. She was pregnant with her first child, Yannick, when she competed at the 2004 Olympic Games, and gave birth in November of that year. Van Grunsven and Janssen married in Las Vegas in late 2005, and in March 2007 had her second child, Ava Eden. In 1999, van Grunsven, "frustrated by the lack of fashion in the equestrian world", developed a line of equestrian clothing, now sold internationally. Van Grunsven holds the record for winning the most Olympic medals by an equestrian, with nine medals, and is the only person to have won any equestrian event in three successive Olympics. She is also the only person to compete at seven successive Olympics in dressage. She has competed in every Olympic Games between 1988 and 2012, winning a total of three gold medals, five silvers and one bronze. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, riding Prisco, she was eliminated in the qualifying rounds of the individual dressage, and was the lowest-scoring member of the fifth-place Dutch team, meaning her score was not used to determine the team's standing. At the 1992 Summer Olympics, her performance improved, and riding Bonfire she took fourth individually and won her first silver medal in the team competition. At the 1996 Games, again riding Bonfire, she won double silver in the individual and team dressage competitions. With her last Olympic ride on Bonfire, at the 2000 Summer Olympics, she won her first gold in the individual competition, while helping the Dutch team to their third consecutive silver. In 2004 in Athens, on her new mount, Salinero, she won her second gold in individual competition, while the Dutch team came in fourth. The 2008 Olympic Games, again riding Salinero, brought her her third consecutive individual gold, while the Dutch team returned to the medal podium with a silver. Riding Salinero in 2012 in London, van Grunsven slipped to sixth place individually, but helped the Dutch team to her first bronze medal. Van Grunsven was originally not expected to compete in the 2012 Olympics, as the horse she was riding at the beginning of 2012, IPS Upido, was injured. However, in April, she announced that she planned to compete for a spot on the Dutch Olympic team with the then-18-year-old Salinero, who had staged what the media called a "comeback" after previous injuries. Along with her Olympic successes, van Grunsven has also won numerous medals at the World Equestrian Games. After competing in the 2010 World Equestrian Games, she became the only equestrian to have competed in every World Equestrian Games, which have been held every four years since 1990, and which include three sections of dressage competition, two individual and one team. At the 1990 World Equestrian Games, riding Prisco, she finished 23rd individually. Van Grunsven rode Bonfire at the 1994 and 1998 World Equestrian Games, winning individual gold and team silver at the first and double silver (one individual and one team) at the second. She was unhappy with the judging at the 1998 Games, held in Rome, and said that she "thought [she] would quit dressage", despite her high finish placement. At the 2002 World Equestrian Games, riding Krack C, she finished 11th individually and rode to 5th place with the Dutch team. Her best finish was at the 2006 Games, riding Salinero, where she won an individual gold and two silvers, one individually and one team. At the 2010 Games, after her top horse Salinero was injured and second-best horse Painted Black was sold, she competed as part of the Dutch reining team, marking a major change in discipline. Riding Whizashiningwalla BB, she was eliminated in the qualifying rounds. At the Games, she also performed a reining demonstration at the presentation of the team dressage medal and participated in an exhibition of freestyle reining. Van Grunsven began riding reining horses around 2000, but only became a serious competitor in the sport after the 2008 Olympics. Van Grunsven has won the Dressage World Cup nine times, in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008. She took second in 1998 and third in 2009. The World Cup features freestyle dressage (also called Kur Grand Prix), and her record number of wins has won van Grunsven the nickname "Queen of the Kur". She has also collected five gold medals, eight silver and two bronze at the European Dressage Championships. At the bi-annual European Championships, there is one team competition and three individual events: Individual Dressage, Kur Grand Prix and Special Grand Prix. Van Grunsven took first in the Individual Dressage portion in 1999 and 2005, and second in 1995 and 1997. In the Kur competition, she took first in 2007 and third in 2009. The Special Grand Prix has historically been her weakest event, only taking second in 2007. She has taken the greatest number of medals in the team competition, with the Dutch team taking first in 2007 and 2009; second in 1995, 1997, 1999, 2001 and 2005; and third in 1991. In 2002, Bonfire was retired, after a nine-year international career. The pair's gold-medal-winning freestyle dressage performance at the 1994 World Equestrian Games marked the first the time event had been held at the Games, and "changed the world of dressage forever", according to fellow Olympic gold medalist Carl Hester. A statue was erected in Erp to mark Bonfire's achievements. In October 2013, he was euthanized following illness. After Bonfire's retirement, Van Grunsven stated that she never thought she would find another horse as good as he was; however, his successor Salinero proved to be even more successful. In March 2013, Salinero was retired. Van Grunsven and Salinero have been called the "pioneers of the modern freestyle test", and were the first pair to have music written specifically for their performances. A horse known for his power and ability, he was also sensitive and, early in his career, prone to becoming tense, making him a more difficult horse to ride. Despite this, he was a star of the dressage world, winning numerous international competitions. In January 2003, van Grunsven sustained a fracture of a bone in her upper leg in a fall from a horse in training, and required surgery. A metal plate was embedded in her leg to immobilize the bone during the healing process, and van Grunsven recovered, winning the 2003 Dutch Dressage Championships in June. In September, she underwent a second surgery to have the plate removed. In 2004, she became the first Dutch rider to win the CHIO Aachen dressage competition, a top international competition. Van Grunsven was closely linked with the controversial training method rollkur, and advocated use of the method as recently as 2007. She has since moved to distance herself with the method since the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI) declared in February 2010 that this method "is seen as an aggressive way of a deep moving horse. This is forbidden as well as any head-neck position which is obtained in an aggressive way." In a lawsuit announced on 24 August 2010, van Grunsven claimed to have been defamed by journalist Astrid Appels on the website eurodressage.com. A release posted on that website announcing the lawsuit reported that "according to Anky, images of her horses can not be connected to the controversial rollkur training method." The lawsuit was scheduled to begin 8 September 2010 in 's-Hertogenbosch but van Grunsven withdrew the case. <br> <br> </doc> <doc id="2337849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337849" title="Isoprenaline"> Isoprenaline Isoprenaline, or isoproterenol, is a medication used for the treatment of bradycardia (slow heart rate), heart block, and rarely for asthma. It is a non-selective β adrenoreceptor agonist that is the isopropylamine analog of epinephrine (adrenaline). It is used to treat heart block and episodes of Adams-Stokes syndrome that are not caused by ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation, in emergencies for cardiac arrest until electric shock can be administered, for bronchospasm occurring during anesthesia, and as an adjunct in the treatment of hypovolemic shock, septic shock, low cardiac output (hypoperfusion) states, congestive heart failure, and cardiogenic shock. Historically, it was used to treat asthma via metered aerosol or nebulizing devices; it was also available in sublingual, oral, intravenous, and intramuscular formulations. The U.S. National Asthma Education and Prevention Program Expert Panel recommends against its use as a nebulizer for acute bronchoconstriction; the use of any beta2-agonists including isoprenaline is not recommended in an asthmatic respiration crisis. It should not be used in people with tachyarrhythmias, tachycardia or heart block caused by digitalis poisoning, ventricular arrhythmias which require inotropic therapy, or with angina. Adverse effects of isoprenaline include nervousness, headache, dizziness, nausea, visual blurring, tachycardia, palpitations, angina, Adams-Stokes attacks, pulmonary edema, hypertension, hypotension, ventricular arrhythmias, tachyarrhythmias, difficulty breathing, sweating, mild tremors, weakness, flushing, and pallor. Isoprenaline is a β and β adrenoreceptor agonist and has almost no activity against alpha adrenergic receptors. Its agonist effects at TAAR1 provide it with a pharmacodynamic effects that resemble those of the endogenous trace amines, like tyramine. The plasma half-life for isoprenaline is approximately two minutes. Isoprenaline's effects on the cardiovascular system (non-selective) relate to its actions on cardiac β receptors and β receptors on smooth muscle within the tunica media of arterioles. Isoprenaline has positive inotropic and chronotropic effects on the heart. β adrenoceptor stimulation in arteriolar smooth muscle induces vasodilation. Its inotropic and chronotropic effects elevate systolic blood pressure, while its vasodilatory effects tend to lower diastolic blood pressure. The overall effect is to decrease mean arterial pressure due to the β receptors' vasodilation. The adverse effects of isoprenaline are also related to the drug's cardiovascular effects. Isoprenaline can produce tachycardia (an elevated heart rate), which predisposes people who take it to cardiac arrhythmias. The isopropylamine group in isoprenaline makes it selective for β receptors. The free catechol hydroxyl groups keep it susceptible to enzymatic metabolism. It is structurally related to epinephrine. It was first approved in the US in 1947. Between 1963 and 1968 in England, Wales, Scotland, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand there was an increase in deaths among people using isoprenaline to treat asthma. This was attributed to overdose: the inhalers produced in that area were dispensing five times the dosage dispensed by inhalers produced in the US and Canada, where the deaths were not observed. As of June 2017, isoprenaline was marketed under many brand names worldwide and as two different salts: Aleudrina, Asthpul, Iludrin, Isomenyl, Isoprenalin, Isoprenalina, Isoprenalina, Isoprenalina, Isoprenaline, Isoprenaline, Isoprénaline, Isoprénaline, Isoprenaline hydrochloride, Isoprenaline sulfate, Isoprenalinesulfaat, Isoprenalinsulfat, Isoprenalinum, Isopropydine, Isopropylnoradrenaline, Isoproterenol, Isoproterenol, Isoproterenol, Isoproterenol hydrochloride, Isoproterenol sulfate, Isuprel, Isuprel, Neo-Epinine, Neodrenal, Proternol, Saventrine, and Win 5162. It was also marketed as a combination drug with cromoglicic acid as Frenal Compositum, in combination with pronase as Isopal P, and in combination with atropine as Stmerin D. </doc> <doc id="2337873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337873" title="Franciszek Lilius"> Franciszek Lilius Franciszek (Franciscus) Lilius (ca. 1600 – 1657) was a Polish composer, a descendant of the Italian Giglis family. He significantly contributed to the musical culture of Warsaw in the 17th century. In 1630, he moved to Kraków, where he remained head of the cathedral orchestra until his death. </doc> <doc id="2337883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337883" title="Duddingston"> Duddingston Duddingston () is a former village in the east of Edinburgh, Scotland, next to Holyrood Park. The estate wherein Duddingston Village now lies was first recorded in lands granted to the Abbot of Kelso Abbey by David I of Scotland between 1136–47, and is described as stretching from the Crag (from Craggenmarf, an old name for Arthur's Seat) to the Magdalene Bridge. This land grant included the settlement known by the name of Treverlen or Traverlin, in the western part of it; this being the oldest known name of the village and estates that eventually became known as Duddingston. There are several possibilities exist for the etymology of "Treverlen". All these names originate in the Celtic Brythonic languages, which pre-date the use of the Gaelic or Saxon tongues in Scotland, suggesting that they may go back to the time of some of the earliest settlements on Arthur's Seat. The last two names, in particular, fit well as a possible name for the Celtic crannog settlement which stood in the southernmost corner of Duddingston Loch. The last Celtic owner of the Treverlen estates is said to have been Uviet the White who owned it from at least 1090 onwards. By 1128, though, at the founding of Holyrood Abbey, the lands of Arthur's Seat seem to have become divided between the Royal Demesne and the estates of Treverlen belonging to Uviet the White. For confirmation of what passed in 1128 at the forming of Holyrood Abbey and the passing of the lands to Kelso Abbey, we can look to the later "Charter of Confirmation, Granted to the Monks of Kelso of King Malcolm IV". Malcolm IV of Scotland inherited the throne from his grandfather David I of Scotland, and was perhaps called upon to confirm many such gifts of land in case of later disputes. This he did, in the above-mentioned charter, confirming the previously given entitlement of "Traverlin, with its due bounds, as Vineth fully and freely possessed and enjoyed it, with all the easements of the adjoining strother (march), which is called Cameri; and the Crag of the same village" to Kelso Abbey. Malcolm goes on to state that in his grandfather's time Alfwyn (perhaps the saxonised form of Uviet, or one of his descendants), Abbot of Halyrude (Holyrood Abbey) and Ernald, Abbot of Kelso, came to an agreement concerning a dispute between them over The Crag, which allowed for the lands of The Crag and Traverlin to pass to the church of Kelso, in exchange for the ten-pounds-lands they had in "Hardiggasthorn, near Northamtun". The name was superseded during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries by "Dodinestun" from "Dodin’s Estate". This name change came about just after the lands and estates were given to Kelso Abbey by David I. The Abbey quickly feued the estate to one Dodin de Berwic, evidently, from his name, an Anglo-Norman knight. Apparently, then, it was Dodin who changed the name of the settlement, as by 1150 he was referring to himself as "Dodin of Dodinestoun". (Dodin's toun or farm place). This last may be slightly misleading, though, as there was a toft (a homestead with attached arable land) near Berwick-Upon-Tweed, also referred to as Dodin's Town, with which he is quite likely to have had connections. However, it seems likely that the names are connected through branches of the same Norman family. Thereafter the village is often, though not always, referred to as Duddingston, with quite a wide range of spellings. For instance, from heraldic sources we are told that in May 1290 Edward I granted a protection against proceedings for debts to William de Dodingstone, burgess of Edinburgh. Also, with quite a different spelling, but six years later, we are told the name is that of a locality near Edinburgh, and Eleyne de Duddynggeston, of that county, swore fealty to Edward I. The kirk which was built on the newly gifted lands went by the name Duddingston Kirk, but the name Treverlen still survived into the next century as the parish name, being confirmed as such in a list of 13 parishes belonging to Kelso in 1200, which leads one to suspect there had been a kirk on the site previously. The name has now been given to the new park being built on the site of the former Portobello High School and St John's Primary School. Duddingston Loch has been used for ice-skating and curling, even boasting a curling house, for several centuries. In the 17th and 18th century the village was primarily a centre for the coal and salt mining industry, but was also known for its weaving industry, in particular for a cloth known as Duddingston Hardings. Bonnie Prince Charlie held a council of war in a house in the village, shortly before the Battle of Prestonpans in 1745. In the same year, James Hamilton, 8th Earl of Abercorn purchased the Duddingston Estate from the Duke of Argyll. Lord Abercorn commissioned the architect Sir William Chambers to design Duddingston House in the Palladian style, and this was completed by 1768. The loch provided the setting for Henry Raeburn's painting of "The Skating Minister", painted in the 1790s, as well as the less famous but very atmospheric painting by Charles Lees called "Skaters on Duddingston Loch by Moonlight". Dr. James Tytler (1745–1804), author, balloonist and encyclopedist, lived in Duddingston. Robert Burns knew him, describing him as a mortal who wandered the precincts of Edinburgh in leaky shoes, a sky-lighted hat and unlikely breeches, who yet was responsible for at least three quarters of Elliot's Encyclopædia Britannica. In 1774 he was living on the Holyrood Abbey "sanctuary lands" to avoid his creditors. After his wife left him and their children in 1775, he was known thereafter to be co-habiting with at least one, if not two women, one of them a Duddingston washerwoman. This circumstance eventually led to his flight from Scottish justice for the crime of bigamy in 1788, when he left Duddingston, and both women, to remove himself to Berwick. Whilst living in Duddingston he did build a printing press, and turned out further copies of the encyclopedia, and other more successful publications, but he was a poor businessman and never seemed to benefit from these and other successes. Sadly, even his attempt at ballooning in 1784 was something of a debacle. He was finally able to rise to a height of 105 feet, and descend again, which qualified him as Britain's first balloonist, but his success at the time was overshadowed by other more popular balloonists. The Sheep Heid Inn, popularly referred to as the "Sheep's Heid", is said to be Scotland's oldest pub, dating from 1360. It is named after a snuff box either embellished with, or in the shape of a ram's head presented to the landlord by King James VI in 1580. Since 1923, the loch has been a wildlife reserve, managed by the Scottish Wildlife Trust. It contains a variety of wildfowl and reedbeds. The loch is part of Holyrood Park which is 'owned' by the Scottish Ministers. The Scottish Wildlife Trust purchased the adjacent land at Bawsinch in 1971 and expanded the bird sanctuary into this area. Dr Neil's Garden is located between Duddingston Kirk and the Loch. Andrew and Nancy Neil were awarded the Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother Medal by the Royal Caledonian Horticultural Society. </doc> <doc id="2337885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337885" title="Lewis and Clark National Forest"> Lewis and Clark National Forest Lewis and Clark National Forest is located in west central Montana, United States. Spanning , the forest is managed as two separate zones. The eastern sections, under the Jefferson Division, is a mixture of grass and shrublands dotted with "island" pockets of forested areas. Here, cattle leases to local ranchers as well as timber harvesting are the norm. The western Rocky Mountain Division, which straddles the Continental divide, is managed chiefly for environmental preservation, as much of the land has been designated as wilderness. Forest headquarters are located in Great Falls, Montana. Local ranger district offices have been established in Choteau, Harlowton, Neihart, Stanford, and White Sulphur Springs. The forest lands were defined and established by the federal government in 1897, following its Treaty of 1896 with the Blackfeet establishing their adjacent reservation. This forest is one of the oldest forest preserves in the U.S. The forest is named in honor of the members of the Lewis and Clark Expedition, which passed through the forest between 1804 and 1806 while exploring the Louisiana Purchase for President Thomas Jefferson. Prior to that, the region was inhabited by various cultures of Native Americans for a period of at least 8,000-10,000 years. When the Lewis & Clark expedition came to this area, different areas of the large forest territory were used by members of the Blackfeet, Sioux, Cheyenne, Flathead and Crow nations for hunting and as an area for their seasonal winter camps. The forests provided shelter from the winter. Altitudes range from to the top of Rocky Mountain Peak at . The forest is divided into seven separate sections and encompasses eight mountain ranges; the Judith, Big Snowy, Little Snowy, Crazy, Castle, Little Belt and Highwood Mountains. The westernmost section includes portions of the Scapegoat and the Bob Marshall wildernesses, and borders Glacier National Park to the north. The western Rocky Mountain Division, informally called the Rocky Mountain Front, consists of a dense coniferous forest and has numerous species of spruce, fir, and pine. The Jefferson Division is dominated by ponderosa and lodgepole pine which prefer a drier climate. The grizzly bear and timber wolf are found in the western sections of the forest, and are especially dense in the designated wilderness areas. In addition, the western section contains much of the wildlife present at the time of the Lewis and Clark Expedition through the region. Mountain goats, bighorn sheep, elk, cougars, Canadian lynxes, wolverines and black bears are most common nearest the Continental Divide. In other sections of the forest, black bears, mule deer and white-tailed deer are the largest mammals found. Coyotes, raccoons, beavers, minks, muskrats, river otters and Columbian white-tailed deer inhabit the up-stream inlands. Throughout the forest, bald eagles, grouse, peregrine falcon and red tailed hawks are increasing in numbers. Lakes and streams are more numerous in the western section due to a higher altitude and more precipitation, and are home to the native westslope cutthroat trout. In the of rivers and streams in the forest, rainbow trout, brook trout and northern pike are relatively common. Excellent fly fishing opportunities are plentiful, especially in the Smith River. The National Forest has 29 vehicle-accessible campgrounds. Two ski areas also operate within the forest. Almost of hiking trails provide access to remote locations in the seven different mountain ranges within the Forest. Solitude is most common in the Crazy Mountains and in the wilderness areas near the Continental divide. Summertime average high temperatures are in the 70s °F (20s °C), but the winter can be very cold, especially in the more exposed eastern sections. Snow can linger for up to 10 months of the year along the Continental divide. The forest lies in parts of thirteen counties. In descending order of land area, they are Lewis and Clark, Meagher, Judith Basin, Teton, Cascade, Pondera, Fergus, Wheatland, Chouteau, Glacier, Golden Valley, Sweet Grass, and Park counties. In the late 19th century, after the end of the Indian Wars, the federal government worked to move Native American tribes on to Indian reservations, requiring them to cede land and extinguish their land claims to large areas of territory. The United States wanted to open the West to settlement and development by European Americans. The Blackfeet Indian Reservation, with members mostly of the Piegan Blackfeet branch, was established by Treaty of 1896 to the east of this forest area and Glacier National Park, bordering the province of Alberta, Canada to the north. The forest was established on February 22, 1897 as the Lewis and Clarke Forest Reserve under the management of the US General Land Office. On June 9, 1903 the Flathead Forest Reserve was added, and on March 2, 1907 the spelling was changed to Lewis and Clark, and land was added. The forest territory had been transferred to the U.S. Forest Service in 1906, and was designated by the government as a National Forest. On April 8, 1932 the entire Jefferson National Forest was added, which itself comprised the former Little Belt, Crazy Mountain, Snowy Mountains, Little Rockies and Highwood Mountains National Forests. Finally, on July 1, 1945, part of Absaroka National Forest was added as the last portion of this forest. The Helena and Lewis and Clark National forests consolidated their administrations in 2014. </doc> <doc id="2337890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337890" title="Fiona Nash"> Fiona Nash Fiona Joy Nash (née Morton; born 6 May 1965) is a former Australian politician. She represented the National Party of Australia in the Australian Senate for the state of New South Wales from 1 July 2005 and served as the Deputy Leader of the Nationals in the Parliament of Australia from 11 February 2016, having previously served as the party's deputy Senate leader since 2008. In the Turnbull Government, Nash served as the Minister for Local Government and Territories from 19 July 2016, and the Minister for Regional Development, and the Minister for Regional Communications from 18 February 2016 to 27 October 2017. Nash had previously served as the Minister for Rural Health between 21 September 2015 and 19 July 2016, and as the Assistant Minister for Health in the Abbott Government between 18 September 2013 and 21 September 2015. On 27 October 2017, the High Court of Australia (sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns) found Nash to be ineligible to have been elected, due to holding British citizenship inherited from her father at the time of the 2016 federal election. Between 1999 and 2004, she worked as staff member for National Party federal ministers, Mark Vaile, Larry Anthony, and De-Anne Kelly before her election to the Senate. In 2008, she was appointed Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Water Resources and Conservation on the Opposition frontbench, but was asked to resign by Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull when she expressed her support for a motion by the Australian Greens to block the introduction of up-front tax breaks for carbon sinks. She did so, and subsequently crossed the floor with four other National senators to vote for the motion. After the 2010 election she returned to the Opposition frontbench when appointed Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Regional Education by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott in September 2010. Following the 2013 federal election, Nash was appointed as Assistant Minister for Health in the Abbott Government. In February 2014 she came under scrutiny after it was revealed that her chief of staff, Alastair Furnival, held shares in a lobby group, which culminated with his resignation the same month. In March the Senate formally censured Nash after she missed a deadline to produce a letter Furnival apparently wrote, outlining how he would avoid conflicts of interest, given that his wife owned a lobbying company, Australian Public Affairs, which represented junk food clients. On 17 August 2017, Nash became embroiled in the 2017 Australian parliamentary eligibility crisis, when she informed the Senate that she had received advice that she was a British citizen. Her citizenship had been acquired at birth, by descent from her Scottish-born father. She completed a declaration of renunciation of British citizenship on 18 August 2017. Her eligibility was considered by the High Court of Australia alongside numerous other cases of potential breaches of Section 44 of the Australian Constitution. On 27 October 2017, the court ruled that Nash had been ineligible to have been elected. Nash is taking up the role of Strategic Adviser, Regional Development at Charles Sturt University. Nash was born in Sydney and was educated at Mitchell College of Advanced Education in Bathurst, New South Wales, where she graduated in arts. Nash is married to David Nash, a farmer, and they have two sons. They live in the Young district in the south-west region of southern New South Wales. </doc> <doc id="2337894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337894" title="Renegade (HammerFall album)"> Renegade (HammerFall album) Renegade is the third studio album by Swedish power metal band HammerFall. It was released on October 9, 2000 on the Nuclear Blast Records label and is the first album to feature drummer Anders Johansson. Former drummer of HammerFall and founder of heavy metal band In Flames Jesper Strömblad still wrote some of the album's songs, even after parting ways with the band in 1997. The album debuted on the Swedish charts at number one and was eventually awarded a gold certification. Digipak and Brazilian Bonus Tracks </doc> <doc id="2337895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337895" title="Rhaetian Alps"> Rhaetian Alps The Rhaetian Alps (; ) are a mountain range of the Eastern Alps. The SOIUSA classification system divides them into the Western and Eastern Rhaetian Alps, while the Alpine Club classification of the Eastern Alps places most of the Rhaetion subranges within the Western Limestone Alps. They are located along the Italian–Swiss and Austrian–Swiss borders, in the canton of Graubünden in eastern Switzerland; in the state of Tyrol in Austria; and in the Italian regions of Trentino-Alto Adige and Lombardy. The name relates to a Roman province and the Rhaetian people subdued under Emperor Augustus in 15 BC. The Rhaetian Alps contain the subranges of: The highest peak in the range is Piz Bernina at , located in Grisons/Graubünden canton, Switzerland, adjacent to the Italian border. The Swiss National Park is located in the Western Rhaetian Alps. </doc> <doc id="2337911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337911" title="Bartłomiej Pękiel"> Bartłomiej Pękiel Bartłomiej Pękiel (fl. from 1633; d. ca. 1670) was a notable Polish composer of classical music. Pękiel served the court in Warsaw from at least 1633. He was the assistant to Marco Scacchi when the latter was head of the Royal Chapel there, and later was "Kapellmeister" himself from 1649 to 1655. He then moved to Wawel Cathedral Chapel in Kraków, where he led the orchestra after the death of Franciszek Lilius in 1657. Bartłomiej Gembicki writes: Bartłomiej Pękiel was a Polish composer about which, unfortunately, still little is known. His date of birth or death is unknown. In addition, his Polish origin is sometimes called into question. One of the leading 18th-century music lexicographers, Johann Mattheson, claimed that the composer was German and his name was often recorded in the German-sounding form of "Peckel". It is known that he was active in the Republic of Poland from 1637-1664. Perhaps at the beginning of the 1630s, Pękiel belonged to the royal band of Władysław IV Vasa, working there as the organist and deputy of Marco Scacchi - the then Kapellmeister. When he ceased his activity in Poland in 1649, Pękiel was probably the head of the royal team and the first non-Italian in this position. His career did not last long, however, due to the suspension of the band's activity in 1655, caused by the Swedish invasion of Poland known as the Deluge (history). Pękiel and other members of the court avoided active participation in warfare. A three-year journey with the court of Jan Kazimierz's wife may have resulted in the composer's visit to Vienna - one of the most important music centers of the time, for decades fed by northern Italian artists. In 1558, Pękiel once again received the honorable function of maestro di cappella but this time in Kraków, in the Wawel cathedral. After the death of Franciszek Lilius, he took the post of a bandmaster of a vocal and instrumental ensemble. This time his managerial career did not last too long, probably only until 1664 - after this date news about Pękiel becomes scarce (although the next Kapellmeister was chosen only about 6 years later). The two main stages of the composer's activity - Warsaw and Kraków - can be roughly divided into works maintained in a style reminiscent of the renaissance polyphony (Prima pratica) and early baroque vocal and vocal-instrumental concerts (Seconda pratica). Importantly, Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel. This was not related to the conservatism of the composer, but rather to the specificity of the Kraków cathedral, where a still functioning group of rorantists cultivated the performance of a cappella polyphony. The preserved musical output of Pękiel covers 29 works, almost exclusively manuscripts (three of his instrumental canons were published with the works of Scacchi). His works maintained in the prima pratica trend consist of mass cycles, motets and madrigals sometimes with the accompaniment of the line. The composer's progress in the art of counterpoint helped him to be considered the most outstanding Polish polyphonist of the first half of the 17th century. Pękiel based some of his works on the melodic material of songs performed in Polish churches (including carols), his Missa paschalis quotes from Easter songs. Pękiel also became famous as the creator of the only Polish religious dialogue, Audite mortales (Hear, mortals). The work focuses on the subject of the final judgment, and its heroes are Christ, Angel and Sinners. Almost in every respect, the work resembles early-baroque oratorio compositions (with a Counter-Reformation coloration), written by Roman composers. No wonder, then, that one of the copyists mistook the dialogue for the work of Giacomo Carissimi - one of the most important representatives of this genre. This mistake can in principle be perceived as a compliment to which Bartłomiej Pękiel fully deserves. </doc> <doc id="2337918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337918" title="Open (sport)"> Open (sport) An Open in sports terminology refers to a sporting event or game tournament that is open to contestants regardless of their professional or amateur status, age, ability, gender, sex, or other categorization. In many sports, preliminary qualifying events, open to all entrants, are held to successively reduce the field to a manageable number for participation in a final championship event, which itself may involve elimination rounds (tournaments). The term 'Open' may not be absolute. For example, in the U.S. Open in golf, entrants at qualifying events must have a USGA official handicap of 1.4 or less. Other minimum performance standards or eligibility criteria may apply in other sports. Opens are usually found in golf, tennis, bowling, badminton, quizbowl, fighting games, snooker, darts, volleyball, ultimate, squash and chess. </doc> <doc id="2337931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337931" title="Ronald E. Neumann"> Ronald E. Neumann Ronald E. Neumann (born September 30, 1944) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Afghanistan (2005–2007), Bahrain (2001–2004) and Algeria (1994–1997). He is the son of former ambassador Robert G. Neumann and traveled extensively after college in Afghanistan while his father was ambassador there. Both he and his father served in diplomatic posts in Afghanistan precedented only by one other father/son pair, John Adams and his son John Quincy Adams who both served as Ministers to Britain. He pronounces his last name Newmann (without the Germanic "neu") and his name is sometimes seen spelled that way. Amb. Neumann joined the United States Department of State as a Foreign Service Officer in 1970. His first posting was in Senegal, but in 1973 he served in Tabriz, Iran, and thereafter specialized in the Middle East, and Persian Gulf in particular. He also served in the United Arab Emirates. In 1991, while he was Director of the Iran Iraq office (Director of Northern Gulf Affairs), Neumann was involved in overseeing Kurdish refugees in the Middle East. In 1994 he was made ambassador to Algeria, in part because of his Middle East experience, and served in that capacity until 1997. He subsequently was made Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs. In 2000, he was selected to become ambassador to Bahrain, but the Senate did not confirm him immediately and during the delay he was found to be involved in a minor security scandal involving the mishandling of classified materials. He was ultimately cleared of wrongdoing and newly elected President George W. Bush approved his appointment in 2001. He was ambassador to Bahrain when the embassy there was closed temporarily due to attacks in April 2002 from pro-Palestinian protestors. No one was hurt in the protest although buildings were damaged and vehicles were set on fire. In 2004, he left Bahrain to serve as a United States political advisor in Iraq and served in that position until he was made ambassador to Afghanistan in 2005. He was sworn in on July 27, 2005 and presented his credentials to Afghan President Hamid Karzai on August 1, 2005. He retained that post until 2007. Neumann currently serves as the president of the American Academy of Diplomacy, a Washington, DC-based think tank. In 2009 he authored "The Other War: Winning and Losing in Afghanistan", a book exploring political and military issues of Afghanistan. He speaks Arabic, French, and some Persian. </doc> <doc id="2337932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337932" title="Marcin Mielczewski"> Marcin Mielczewski Marcin Mielczewski (c. 1600 – September 1651) was, together with his tutor Franciszek Lilius and Bartłomiej Pękiel, among the most notable Polish composers in the 17th century. By 1632 he was a composer and musician in the royal chapel in Warsaw. In 1645 he became director of music to Charles Ferdinand Vasa, the brother of King Władysław IV. Mielczewski died in Warsaw in September 1651. His known works are largely in the concertato style, and Szweykowski suggests that the way "in which the words are given full expression" means he is likely to have composed secular vocal works in addition to the surviving sacred corpus. In his mass "O glorioso domina" and one of his instrumental canzonas, Mielczewski quotes popular Polish tunes; the latter is notable for being the earliest documented use of the mazurka in classical music. </doc> <doc id="2337939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337939" title="Nikhil Banerjee"> Nikhil Banerjee Nikhil Ranjan Banerjee (14 October 1931 – 27 January 1986) was an Indian classical sitarist of the Maihar Gharana. A student of the legendary Baba Allauddin Khan, Pandit Nikhil Banerjee was known for his technical virtuosity and clinical execution. Along with Pandit Ravi Shankar and Ustad Vilayat Khan, he emerged as one of the leading exponents of the sitar. He was a recipient of the Indian civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan. Nikhil Banerjee was born on 14 October 1931 in Calcutta. His father, Jitendranath Banerjee, was an amateur sitarist and Banerjee was fascinated by his father's playing. Although he wanted to try his hand at an instrument as early as the age of four, he was discouraged by his father and grandfather. At the age of five, however, they relented and he acquired a small sitar, initially learning under his father. Banerjee grew into a child prodigy. He won an all-India sitar competition and became the youngest musician employed by All India Radio at the age of nine. Jitendranath approached Mushtaq Ali Khan to take Nikhil as a disciple, but only learned from this master for a few short weeks. Instead Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury, the zamindar of Gouripur in present-day Bangladesh, became responsible for much of his early training. He also had considerable training under Pt. Radhika Mohan Maitra, before he went under the discipleship of Ustd. Allauddin Khan. Around 1946 Nikhil Banerjee met the great khyal singer Amir Khan through the master's teaching of Nikhil Banerjee's sister, and his enthusiasm for his music was reinforced by hearing him in concert a couple of years later. Amir Khan continued to have a significant influence on Banerjee's musical development. In 1947 Banerjee met Ustad Allauddin Khan, who was to become his main guru along with his son, Ali Akbar Khan. Both were sarod players. Banerjee went to Allauddin Khan's concerts and was desperate to have him as his teacher. Allauddin Khan did not want to take on more students, but changed his mind after listening to one of Banerjee's radio broadcasts. Allauddin Khan was Banerjee's main teacher, after he left Maihar he also learned from Ali Akbar Khan, the son of Allaudin Khan, for many years. The discipline under Ustad Allauddin Khan was intense. For years, Nikhil's practice would start at four in the morning and, with few breaks, continue to eleven o'clock at night. Among others, Ustad Allauddin Khan also taught his son Ali Akbar Khan, grandson Aashish Khan, and nephew Bahadur Khan on the sarod; Ravi Shankar on the sitar; his daughter, Annapurna Devi, on the surbahar; Pannalal Ghosh on the flute; and Vasant Rai the sarod. Ustad Allauddin Khan was passing on not only playing technique but the musical knowledge and approach of the Maihar gharana (school); yet there was a definite trend in his teaching to infuse the sitar and sarod with the "been-baj" aesthetic of the Rudra veena, surbahar and sursringar—long, elaborate "alap" (unaccompanied improvisation) built on intricate "meend" work (bending of the note). He was also well known for adjusting his teaching to his particular students' strengths and weaknesses. Consequently, under his teaching, Shankar and Banerjee developed different sitar styles. After Maihar, Banerjee embarked on a concert career that was to take him to all corners of the world and last right up to his untimely death. All through his life he kept taking lessons from Ustad Allauddin Khan and his children, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Smt. Annapurna Devi. Perhaps reflecting his early upbringing, he always remained a humble musician, and was content with much less limelight than a player of his stature could have vied for. Even so, in 1968, he was decorated with the Padma Shri, and in 1974 received the prestigious Sangeet Natak Akademi Award. Nikhil Banerjee frequently toured Europe and the USA. Although he was often resident at the Ali Akbar College of Music in California he taught few pupils on a one-to-one basis, for his stated reason that he did not feel he had adequate time to devote to his students, as he was still learning and performing. He hoped that developing a proper disciple relationship with students would become possible later in his life, but, sadly, his early demise meant it did not happen. Nevertheless, a number of prominent sitarists have been influenced by his teaching and distinctive style. Banerjee recorded only a handful of recordings during his lifetime but a series of live performance recordings continue to be released posthumously making sure that his musical legacy is preserved for posterity. He did not always enjoy recording within the confines of the studio, though his early studio recordings with EMI India such as Lalit, Purya Kalyan and Malkauns are now considered to be classic renditions of these ragas. The posthumous live albums, many of which were brought out around the turn of the 21st century by Raga Records in New York, and Chhandadhara of Germany, are widely considered to be the finest documents of his playing. Many of his unpublished concert recordings are available which are testimony to his musical thought. Nikhil Banerjee was in failing health through the 80s, having survived three heart attacks. On 27 January 1986, on the birthday of his younger daughter, at the relatively young age of 54, Nikhil Banerjee died of a fourth heart attack. At the time of his death, he was a faculty member at the Ali Akbar College of Music in Calcutta. He was posthumously awarded the Padma Bhushan title by the government of India in the same year as his death. He is survived by his wife Roma and two daughters. His elder daughter is married into the Tagore family. His younger daughter Devdutta is a supermodel and acclaimed actress. Is widely accepted knowledge that he did not enjoy teaching nor accept formal disciples. . In an interview Nikhil said he had been influenced by Allauddin Khan, Ali Akbar Khan, Amir Khan, and to a lesser extent by Omkarnath Thakur, Faiyaz Khan, Kesarbai Kerkar, and Roshanara Begum. For Banerjee, music-making was a spiritual rather than a worldly path: Nikhil Banerjee is revered for his mastery in both melodic and rhythmic aspects of Indian music. His unique style of sitar playing is considered to have completeness, emotion and depth. His interpretation of ragas was usually traditional, although he is credited with creating at least two new ragas. His usage of a completely "bandh" or "closed" jawari in the Maihar style sitar allowed for a much greater amount of sustain (since the strings are not buzzing against the bridge as much) as can be heard in his unique sound. Though his strings do not sound as "closed" as Ustad Vilayat Khan's sitar playing, it was only due to the technical differences in their physical sitars (and jawari was changed specifically for the Jor strings etc.) that the sitars sounded in "different" style. According to the "San Francisco Chronicle", Banerjee's "technique is a phenomenon, faster than cheetahs, more secure than the dollar." "Music and Musicians" observed that "his improvisations always sound completely natural and spontaneous." In an obituary the "New York Times" wrote "the extraordinary fluidity and assurance of his rhythmic ideas and phrasing set a standard that would have left the more international 'stars' of Indian music behind." Today, he is commonly regarded as one of the greatest sitarists of the 20th century and is often spoken of as being on a level with the other two masters Ravi Shankar and Vilayat Khan. The following is a summary of some recent CD issues. A more comprehensive discography can be found in the external links. Banerjee's technique is a phenomenon, faster than cheetahs, more secure than the dollar. But he does not lean on that as most players do. It is there, at the ready, a strength to be called on when needed. It is his gentle playing that is so singular. The ease of it, highlighted by atypical (for Indian music) bits of literal reiteration create a kind of euphoric effect. The result is remarkably individual. One could spot a Banerjee performance on a radio broadcast or tape, a thing of great difficulty among Oriental musicians. </doc> <doc id="2337942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337942" title="Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982"> Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982 Section 35 of the "Constitution Act, 1982" provides constitutional protection to the indigenous and treaty rights of indigenous peoples in Canada. The section, while within the Constitution of Canada, falls outside the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms". The section does not define the term "aboriginal rights" or provide a closed list; some examples of the rights that section 35 has been found to protect are fishing, logging, hunting, the right to land (cf. aboriginal title) and the right to enforcement of treaties. There remains a debate over whether the right to indigenous self-government is included within section 35. the Supreme Court of Canada has made no ruling on the matter. However, since 1995 the Government of Canada has had a policy recognizing the inherent right of self-government under section 35. The provision provides that: In 1982, when section 35 was entrenched into the Canadian Constitution, Delbert Riley the National Leader of the National Indian Brotherhood or later known as the "AFN" or "Assembly of First Nations", was quoted as saying "Aboriginal Rights are what First Nations define them as. Their rights are what they were before European contact, and remain the same after European contact". Aboriginal rights refer to the activities, practice, and traditions of the Aboriginal peoples in Canada that are integral to the distinctive culture of Aboriginal peoples. The word "existing" in section 35(1) has created the need for the Supreme Court to define what Aboriginal rights "exist". The Supreme Court ruled in "R. v. Sparrow" that, before 1982 (when section 35 came into effect), Aboriginal rights existed by virtue of the common law. Common law could be changed by legislation. Therefore, before 1982, the federal Parliament could extinguish Aboriginal rights, whereas now it can no longer extinguish any rights that still existed in 1982. Extinguishment of rights can only occur through an act that showed "clear and plain intention" on the government to deny those rights. In "Sparrow", the Court also held the words "recognized and affirmed" incorporate the government's fiduciary duty to the Aboriginal peoples which requires them to exercise restraint when applying their powers in interference with Aboriginal rights. This further suggests that Aboriginal rights are not absolute and can be encroached upon given sufficient reason. After the "Sparrow" case, provincial legislation can only limit Aboriginal rights if it has given them appropriate priority. However, in the "Sparrow" case, the court did not have to address what was in fact an Aboriginal right for the purposes of s.35(1) since neither side disputed that the Musqueam had an Aboriginal right to fish for food. This was developed in "R. v. Van der Peet" where Chief Justice Lamer's majority decided that to be considered an Aboriginal right, a practice must have been integral to the distinctive nature of the culture prior to contact by Europeans. As part of the historical relationship between them, any time the government is interacting with Aboriginal people the honour of the crown is said to be at stake. This principle of the "honour of the crown" imposes a number of duties upon the government. Flowing from the honour principle is a duty on the Crown to consult with Aboriginals in any industry activities. This duty was first described in the decisions of "Haida Nation v. British Columbia (Minister of Forests)" and "Taku River Tlingit First Nation v. British Columbia". The duty is engaged when "the Province has knowledge, real or constructive, of the potential existence of Aboriginal right or title and contemplates conduct that might adversely affect them." The determination of such a duty depends both on the strength of the right that is being encroached upon as well as the negative impact and gravity of the government's conduct. The section in the "Charter" that most directly relates to Aboriginal people is section 25. It merely states that "Charter" rights do not diminish Aboriginal rights; it is therefore not as important as section 35. The "Charter" forms Part I of the "Constitution Act, 1982" while section 35 is placed in Part II. This placement in the Constitution is considered significant. Professor Kent McNeil has written it could be seen as meaning section 35 allows for Aboriginal self-government, while the "Charter" is concerned with more individual rights. Professor Peter Hogg has argued there are negative and positive effects of excluding section 35 from the "Charter". Section 35 cannot be limited by section 1 or the notwithstanding clause. However, section 24 of the "Charter", which allows remedies for rights violations, is not available to section 35. Moreover, in "R. v. Sparrow" the Court developed a test to limit section 35 that Hogg has compared to the section 1 Oakes test. Despite this, professors Ted Morton and Rainer Knopff, in their criticisms of "Charter" case law and growing judicial discretion, treat section 35 as if it were part of the "Charter". They write that "Section 35 is technically 'outside' of the Charter, but as a declaration of the special rights of Canada's most salient racial minority- rights that are enforceable in the courts- it has become an important part of the Charter revolution." </doc> <doc id="2337943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337943" title="Boning knife"> Boning knife A boning knife is a type of kitchen knife with a sharp point and a narrow blade. It is used in food preparation for removing the bones of poultry, meat, and fish. Generally 12 cm to 17 cm (5 to 6 ½ in) in length (although many brands, such as Samoan Cutlery, have been known to extend up to 9 ½ inches), it features a very narrow blade. Boning knives are not as "thick" as some of other popular kitchen or butcher knives, as this makes precision boning, especially deep cuts and holes easier. A stiff boning knife is good for boning beef and pork, but a very flexible boning knife is preferred for poultry and fish. Some designs feature an arched blade to enhance the ease of a single-pass cut in removing fish from its flesh. </doc> <doc id="2337962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337962" title="Molly Gloss"> Molly Gloss Molly Gloss (born November 20, 1944) is an American writer currently best known for historical fiction and science fiction. Gloss grew up in rural Oregon and began writing seriously when she became a mother. She now lives in Portland, Oregon, and was close friends with fellow science fiction writer Ursula K. Le Guin. She has taught writing and literature of the American West at Portland State University, and served as visiting professor at Pacific University's low-residency MFA in Writing program. </doc> <doc id="2337969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337969" title="Lutescens"> Lutescens Lutescens or lutescans (Latin for "marshy, living in the marshes", from "lutum" "marsh, swamp, mud") may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2337974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337974" title="Pulse (American band)"> Pulse (American band) Pulse is an American house music group. Of the five tracks they have charted on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart, their best known would also be their only #1: "The Lover That You Are" in 1996 (credited to Pulse featuring Antoinette Roberson). It reached #22 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1996. It was their only UK chart hit. The flip side of the 12" featured an a cappella version of the song, the result of this is that many white label bootleg versions have surfaced, featuring the track being played over the instrumental of another dance track. </doc> <doc id="2337976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2337976" title="Baranya"> Baranya Baranya may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338003" title="Charles Karel Bouley"> Charles Karel Bouley Charles Karel Bouley, known on-the-air as Karel (pronounced ka-REL), is an American Entertainer and talk radio host and author. He began as a comic and vocalist with 1995's album "Dance...Or Else" and was signed to Jellybean Recordings under John "Jellybean" Benitez. While promoting a record, he was signed to do a radio show on KYPA Los Angeles called "Different After Dark." His life partner off-air, Andrew Howard became his co-host on-air and within two years the duo made history as the first openly gay radio talk show hosts on KFI in Los Angeles. in 1998. Howard died suddenly of a blood clot in 2001. Karel stayed at KFI for almost two years. After a shift in management at KFI Karel and others were let go but he soon landed a high-profile show in San Francisco, the #4 Arbitron Market in the United States, on radio station KGO. He was fired from KGO in November 2008 when an engineer left his microphone open and his profanity laced off-air comments about Joe the Plumber were broadcast live. Bouley was forced to re-invent himself, returning to stand-up comedy, writing for the HuffingtonPost and re-entering radio with a self-syndicated show heard first on Energy San Francisco and KRXA Monterey/Salinas/Santa Cruz. The show aired five days a week, going nationwide after negotiating a satellite hookup with GCN, Genesis Communication Network. In November 2011, Karel returned to KGO, but he was again let go in February 2015. Bouley has been a writer since he was a teenager, for both local and national publications. He was a photographer and writer for the R&B Report, an entertainment reporter for Genre Magazine and The Advocate as well as a political columnist and blogger for Advocate.com. He was asked by Ariana Huffington on air to blog for her new site, the HuffingtonPost, where he has maintained a high profile column for eight years running. for "The Huffington Post", His editorials have appeared in "The Wall Street Journal". He was also an editor and columnist for "The Advocate.com", and a celebrity columnist and photographer for "Billboard Magazine". Charles Raymond Bouley, II was born November 7, 1962, in Miami Beach, Florida, to Charles Raymond Bouley (1929-1987) and Rose Marie (née Tremblay) Bouley (1930-2003). He has been an entertainer since childhood, emceeing his first event in 7th grade, the talent show, "Car Wash", at his junior high school. While attending Long Beach Poly High School, Bouley was editor of the high school's newspaper, "High Life." and reviewed plays for his school paper for free by taking the words "high school" out of the paper's masthead and getting on all the PR lists. As a member of the press he was able to be included on press-only lists for premieres and openings in the Los Angeles area. With this type of press access, Bouley began attending stage productions and writing reviews of the shows for publication in his school and community newspapers. Unable to afford movie tickets, he became an usher at the Long Beach Terrace Theatre so he could review the new releases. Bouley attended community college in southern California and then university on scholarship where he majored in theatre with a minor in journalism, but left to work in the field before graduating. Karel went on to work for "Billboard Magazine"; his affiliation with the publication gave him further access to music concerts and after-concert parties. Before his radio career began in the late 1990s, Karel was a stand-up comic and recording artist. While getting very little attention from the LGBT press, his 1995 album, "Dance ... Or Else," attracted critical notice in the mainstream press, it was named #10 pick-of-the-year by "Billboard"'s Dance Music editor Larry Flick. Karel later recorded the single "Don't Stop" with Steve Bronski and the single "I Am" with Jellybean Benitez as well as "Take Your Heartache Away" also on the Jellybean label. Many projects featured Thea Austin, a personal friend of Karel and former lead singer of Snap!!. Bouley also owned a graphic arts company and worked as a celebrity photographer, imaging celebrities such as Michael Jackson and Diana Ross. Bouley, along with his domestic partner, Andrew Howard, started in radio at KYPA Los Angeles, were featured on GayRadio KWIZ 96.7 FM in addition to Triangle Broadcasting based in Palm Springs, California. For the latter, the duo hosted a morning program, ""Good Morning Gay America"". Professionally known as "Karel and Andrew", Bouley and Howard became the first openly gay radio talk-show hosts on a U.S. major-market radio station in 1998. Hired for the afternoon drive slot at Los Angeles' KFI, the duo replaced KFI mainstays John Kobylt and Ken Chiampou. "I'm sure there are a million gay [radio] hosts, but not many of them are open, and no one had ever appeared on the air as a gay couple," said Ron Rodrigues, editor-in-chief of Radio & Records magazine. " The backbone of their on-air banter was their contrasting world views. Bouley, who dominated the conversation, could be stopped in his tracks with one, well-placed word from Howard". Al Peterson, an editor at Radio & Records magazine said, "They didn't feel like it was their job to be the poster boys for the gay community or to effect social change, just because they were the first openly gay hosts who were partners off the air." In March 2000, "Karel & Andrew" was moved from the afternoon-drive slot into the evening-drive slot to accommodate the nationally syndicated Phil Hendrie Show. The show followed Hendrie's until April 2001 when the station again went through changes. Karel & Andrew took a three-week vacation while the station worked on a new spot for them however Andrew Howard died unexpectedly on May 21, 2001. David G. Hall, KFI's Director of Syndication, was quoted at the time of the change as saying "KFI might still find a spot" for "The Karel & Andrew Show," stressing that the team "haven't been terminated." The station's programmers said they were preparing to return "Karel & Andrew" to the airwaves by putting their show on another Clear Channel station but Howard's death ended those plans. Following his partner's death, Bouley returned to KFI and hosted a talk show there until station management changed and he and others were dismissed in April 2002. Seven months later, Karel was hired as an on-air host by the most successful San Francisco radio station at the time, KGO, for the weekend evening time slot. Karel's live stage show "Karel Stands Up" began in 2008 and he has done over 100 shows since then, to great acclaim. He maintains an active Youtube channel and a dedicated Karel Cast App. Bouley has appeared on television, having completed two seasons on TNN's "Ultimate Revenge" with Ryan Seacrest. He also wrote and directed a 60-second spot, "Barbarians At The Gate of Our Future", which won second place in the GLAAD "I Do" Marriage Equality project. Bouley has been a fill-in host on the Bill Press radio talk show and has also appeared as a guest commentator on topical issues on CNN, MSNBC and Fox News. He has appeared as a frequent guest on TV and radio as a Macintosh Computer expert. On August 4, 2010, Karel appeared on the nationally syndicated Alan Colmes Show to discuss that day's controversial decision to overturn California's Proposition 8, and once again allow equal marriage rights for gay people. The next day, Colmes appeared on The Karel Show, referring to him as a "trailblazer" for the rights of gay citizens. In 2004, Bouley authored a book of essays titled, "You Can't Say That". In this well-titled book, he speaks frankly about a wide range of topics. The book was published by the LGBT publishing house, Alyson Press. Karel also contributed to ""When I Knew"" by Robert Trachtenberg, stories of "coming out" directed at Gay and Lesbian youth. Bouley's second book, "Shouting at Windmills, BS From Bush to Obama" was released in June 2011, and is now in bookstores, and Amazon Kindle. This wide-ranging book of essays chronicles the end of the Bush Era and Obama's rise to the presidency. It also reveals what life is like after a very public firing and puts the "Joe the Plumber" issue to rest. Following the sudden death of his domestic partner, Andrew Howard, in 2001, "Charles Karel Bouley II" went on to file and win a lawsuit in the Court of Appeal of the State of California in Los Angeles County to establish the rights of domestic partners to be recognized as such and giving them the right to sue for wrongful death: AB 25 of 2005, the "California Domestic Partnership Law". This court victory effectively changed the wrongful death laws in California for domestic partners, as well as making them retroactive. Following Karel's victory, which effectively changed case law in California, Governor Schwarzenegger, when signing AB 25, wrote: "This legislation ... is about civil rights, respect, responsibility, and, most of all, it is about family. Therefore, I am honored to sign one of the strongest domestic partner laws in the nation." I was in fact disrespectful that day and there's plenty of time for that later. A generation of young gay Americans died on Reagan's watch, and it was OK because basically they deserved it for living the 'lifestyle'. Say something against the person that is partially responsible for those attitudes before he's put in the ground, and that's classless. Let the gay man inside of me out in his righteous indignation, and he gets slapped under the guise of propriety. Next time I will let the dust settle. But when it settles ... In 2008, Bouley returned to stand-up comedy and re-entered radio. Billed as "Karel Stands Up!", he is regularly seen performing his uncensored stand-up comedy to sold out audiences in the former Rrazz Room, in San Francisco and at Planet Gemini in Monterey, California. He has also appeared with Bruce Vilanch at Cobb's Comedy Club, in San Francisco. He has performed at The Comedy Store in Los Angeles and at The Laugh Factory in Long Beach, California. In March 2009, Bouley was employed by San Francisco's KNGY as well as by KRXA in Monterey, California, his only remuneration coming from ad revenue and unemployment benefits. Shortly thereafter, he was hired by San Francisco's Green 960, which became his home station. Working from his home studio, he had been his own producer, engineer and ad salesman for over two years. In January 2010, Bouley was hired by KKGN, San Francisco. KJRB, in Spokane, Washington has added Bouley's show to their lineup. as has KGOE in Eureka, California, Green 1640 in Decatur and Atlanta, Georgia, KJFK Reno, WXMR in Vermont and WVNJ in New Jersey, and some areas of New York. "The Karel Show" went into syndication in December 2010, after Bouley negotiated a satellite hook-up with Genesis Communication Network. In November 2011, Karel added an FM station, KNWZ 94.3, to his lineup on Sundays, 5PM to 7PM, also serving KPLM, KPSC, KPSF, KPSH, KPSI, KPSI-FM, KPST-FM, KPTR, KRCK-FM, KUNA-FM, KVLA-FM, KWXY, KXPS, California Radio Markets Bakersfield, Chico, Fresno, Los Angeles, Merced, Modesto, and Oxnard-Ventura The "Karel Show" on KGO was reinstated in March 2011. and could be heard from 9pm -12am on Saturdays and 7pm- 10pm on Sundays. "They say home is where the heart is and I definitely left my heart at the KGO studios. It's my radio home, my flagship," Karel states. Jack Swanson, KGO's former operations director, had been supportive of Karel returning to the station for some time. February 2015, Bouley was again fired from KGO, this time due to continuing budget cuts by KGO's current owner, Cumulus Media, including the replacement of local programming with low-cost national syndicated shows. Karel started a podcast and online show in 2008, and the Karel Cast in 2018 is available on every major streaming service, ProgressiveVoices Network, Genesis Communications, iHeart, iTunes, Spreaker, TuneIn and more. The show is heard Monday through Friday and there is a dedicated App in all the App stores. In 2014 Karel signed a deal with Free Speech TV to begin the self-produced show, Karel's Life In Segments. The show airs weekly and in 2019 will be entering its fifth season for the network. The show is part reality show, part talk show, or "reality chat" as described by Karel in the media. The show follows Karel through his life as an entertainer, author and talk show host, merging topics from pop culture and the news with issues facing Karel (and viewers) in daily life. Karel released the single in 2017 after the contentious election of Donald J. Trump. That song featured Thea Austin, Morgan Mallory and Daniel Charleston and featured a video as well. </doc> <doc id="2338009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338009" title="C.D. ESPOLI"> C.D. ESPOLI Club Deportivo ESPOLI is a professional football team from Quito, Ecuador that now plays in the Segunda Categoría, the third level of professional football in country. The team belong to the "Escuela Superior de Policía" ("ESPOLI"), a police academy in Quito. The closest the team has ever come to a national championship was in 1995, when they came in 2nd place in the national tournament to Barcelona. The result allowed them to participate in the 1996 Copa Libertadores, where they were eliminated in the Round of 16. Although based in Quito, the team will be chosen Estadio Olímpico Municipal Etho Vega in Santo Domingo for their home stadium. In the past, they have also hosted home game in Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa (1991–95 and 1995–01) and Estadio Chillogallo (2004) in Quito, Estadio Olímpico in Ibarra (1995 and 2002–04), Estadio Guillermo Albornoz in Cayambe (2005–07), and Estadio La Cocha in Latacunga (2007–09). "As of March 1, 2016." </doc> <doc id="2338014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338014" title="Howard McGhee"> Howard McGhee Howard McGhee (March 6, 1918 – July 17, 1987) was one of the first bebop jazz trumpeters, with Dizzy Gillespie, Fats Navarro and Idrees Sulieman. He was known for his fast fingers and very high notes. What is generally not known is the influence that he had on younger hard bop trumpeters, with Fats Navarro. Howard McGhee was raised in Detroit, Michigan. During his career, he played in bands led by Lionel Hampton, Andy Kirk, Count Basie and Charlie Barnet. He was in a club listening to the radio when he first heard Parker and was one of the early adopters of the new style, a fact that was disapproved by older musicians like Kid Ory. In 1946–47, some record sessions for the new label Dial were organized at Hollywood with Charlie Parker and the Howard McGhee combo. The first was held on July 29, 1946. The musicians were Charlie Parker, Howard McGhee, Jimmy Bunn , Bob Kesterson, and Roy Porter. With Parker close to a nervous breakdown, he played "Max is Making Wax", "Lover Man", and "The Gypsy". McGhee continued to work as a sideman for Parker. He played on titles like "Relaxin' at Camarillo", "Cheers", "Carvin the Bird" and "Stupendous". Around this time, McGhee "was a central figure in the Los Angeles bebop world, taking part in numerous concerts, recording, and even running a night club for a time". His stay in California was cut short because of racial prejudice, particularly vicious towards McGhee as half of a mixed-race couple. Drug problems sidelined McGhee for much of the 1950s, but he resurfaced in the 1960s, appearing in many George Wein productions. His career sputtered again in the mid-1960s and he did not record again until 1976. He led one of three big jazz bands trying to succeed in New York in the late 1960s. While the band did not survive, a recording was released in the mid-1970s. He taught music through the 1970s, both in classrooms and at his apartment in midtown Manhattan and instructed musicians like Charlie Rouse in music theory. He was as much an accomplished composer-arranger as he was a performer. McGhee died on July 17, 1987 at the age of 69, a memorial service was held for him on July 24, 1987 With Johnny Hartman With Tubby Hayes With Coleman Hawkins With Chubby Jackson With James Moody With André Previn With Mel Tormé With others </doc> <doc id="2338017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338017" title="Kelley Eskridge"> Kelley Eskridge Kelley Eskridge (born 21 September 1960) is a writer of fiction, non-fiction and screenplays. Her work is generally regarded as speculative fiction and is associated with the more literary edge of the category, as well as with the category of slipstream fiction. Eskridge was born in Florida on 21 September 1960. She attended St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire, Northwestern University, and the University of South Florida where she earned a B.A. degree in Theatre Performance. Eskridge attended the Clarion Writers Workshop in 1988 where she met her future wife, English novelist Nicola Griffith. Eskridge has published short fiction and essays since 1990. Her story "And Salome Danced" received the $11,000 Astraea Prize and was nominated for the James Tiptree Jr. Award in 1995, and her story "Alien Jane" was a finalist for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story, also in 1995. "Alien Jane" also received a TV adaptation on the short-lived Sci-Fi Channel Series "Welcome to Paradox". Her first collection of short fiction, "Dangerous Space", was published in 2007; the title novella "Dangerous Space" was a Nebula Award finalist in 2009. Her first novel "Solitaire" was published in 2002 by HarperCollins Eos. "Solitaire" is character-driven science fiction set in a near-future corporate state. It was a New York Times Notable Book, a Borders Books Original Voices selection, and was a finalist for the Nebula, Endeavour, and Spectrum awards. "Solitaire" was the basis for the 2017 feature film "OtherLife" co-written by Eskridge, directed by Ben C. Lucas, and starring Jessica De Gouw. Eskridge has been a full-time writer, screenwriter and independent editor/writing coach. She previously worked in a series of corporate positions, most recently as Vice President of Project Management at Wizards of the Coast. She served on the board of the Clarion West Writers Workshop from late 2009 to 2014, and was board chair from 2010 to 2013. She taught at Clarion West in 2007. Eskridge is the co-founder (with Nicola Griffith) and managing partner of Sterling Editing (established 2009) with an international client list of established and emerging writers. Eskridge is the creator of the Humans At Work program to help new managers learn people management skills. Management guru Bob Sutton (author of "The No Asshole Rule") quoted Eskridge's views on management in his book "Good Boss, Bad Boss" (Chapter 1). Eskridge's commitment ceremony to Nicola Griffith in Atlanta on September 4, 1993 was announced in "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution", perhaps the first same-sex commitment announcement the paper had published. They were legally married twenty years later on September 4, 2013 in Seattle, Washington where they live today. </doc> <doc id="2338020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338020" title="Baranya (region)"> Baranya (region) Baranya or Baranja (, ; , ; ; / "Baranja") is a geographical and historical region between the Danube and the Drava rivers. Its territory is divided between Hungary and Croatia. In Hungary, the region is included into Baranya county, while in Croatia, it is included into Osijek-Baranja county. The name of the region come from the Croatian word 'bara', which means 'marsh', 'bog', thus the name of Baranya means 'marshland'. Even today large parts of the region are swamps, such as the natural reservation Kopački Rit in its southeast. Another theory states that the name of the region come from the Croatian and Hungarian word 'bárány', which means ram of 'ovis'. During the history, the region of Baranya was part of the Roman Empire, the Hunnic Empire, the Kingdom of the Ostrogoths, the Kingdom of the Lombards, the Avar Kingdom, the Frankish Empire, the Balaton Principality, the Bulgarian Empire, the Kingdom of Hungary, the Ottoman Empire, the Habsburg Monarchy, the Austrian Empire and the Austria-Hungary. Since 1918/1921, the region was divided between Hungary and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later known as Yugoslavia). The region of Baranya was settled by the Slavs in the 6th century, and in the 9th century, it was part of the Slavic Balaton Principality. Hungarians arrived to the area in the 9th century, and Baranya county arose as one of the first comitatus of the Kingdom of Hungary, in the 11th century. This county included not only present-day region of Baranya, but also one part of present-day Slavonia, on the southern side of the river Drava. In the 16th century, the Ottoman Empire captured Baranya, and included it into the sanjak of Mohács, an Ottoman administrative unit, with the seat in the town of Mohaç. Laterly sanjak of Peçuy was created from northwestern part of Mohaç Sanjak. In the end of the 17th century, Baranya was captured by the Habsburg Monarchy, and was included into restored Baranya County within the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary. Croats moved from Bosnia into Slavonia and Baranja en masse after the Ottoman retreat, and this population is today known as the Šokci. In 1918, the entire region was captured by Serbian troops and was administered by the newly created Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later known as Yugoslavia). For a short time (in 1918-1919), Baranya was part of Banat, Bačka and Baranja region, which was governed by the People's Administration from Novi Sad. By the Treaty of Trianon (part of the Versailles peace) in 1920, the Baranya region was formally divided between Hungary and the Yugoslavia, but de facto remained under the administration of the latter until 1921. On August 14, 1921, the Serb-Hungarian Baranya-Baja Republic was proclaimed. It included northern parts of Baranya and Bačka regions, which were assigned to Hungary by the treaty. On August 21–25, 1921, the Republic was abolished and its territory was included into Hungary, as was previously decided by the Treaty of Trianon. The northern part of Baranya in Hungary was included into Baranya county. The southern (Yugoslav) part of the region was part of Novi Sad county between 1918 and 1922, part of Bačka Oblast between 1922 and 1929, and in 1929 it was included into the Danube Banovina, a province of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. In 1941, the Yugoslav Baranya was occupied by Hungary, but it was returned to Yugoslavia in 1944. In 1944-1945, Yugoslav Baranya was part of the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, while in 1945 it was assigned to the People's Republic of Croatia. During the War in Croatia in 1991 it came under control of the SAO Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Srem, which became part of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. After the war ended (in 1995), it was peacefully integrated into Croatia in 1998, by the Erdut Agreement. According to the agreement, it was administered by the administration of the United Nations from 1996 to 1998, when it was returned to full sovereignty of Croatia. Today, it is part of that republic's Osijek-Baranja county. Baranya is divided between Hungary and Croatia with the majority of the region lying in Hungary. The Hungarian portion of the region coextensive with Baranya County, while in Croatia, it comprises only part of Osijek-Baranja County. Contemporary Hungarian usage of "Baranya" usually refers only to the Hungarian section while the terms "" and "Drávaszög" ("Drava corner") are used for Croatian Baranja. Some of the important cities and towns in Hungarian Baranya (with population figures from 2001 census): Municipalities in Croatian Baranja (with population figures from 2001 census): The main settlement in Croatian Baranja is Beli Manastir with a population of 8,671 (2001 census). Most of the municipalities in Croatian Baranja have a Croat ethnic majority. The municipality of Jagodnjak has a Serb ethnic majority and the municipality of Kneževi Vinogradi has a Hungarian plurality. In 2001, the population of Hungarian Baranya (Baranya county) numbered 407,448 inhabitants, including: In 2011, the population of Croatian Baranja numbered 39,420 inhabitants, including: </doc> <doc id="2338026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338026" title="Deskee"> Deskee Deskee is the stage name for Derrick Crumpley, an American house music artist. He moved to Germany in 1984 with his mother, who was member of the Armed Forces. Deskee became the main DJ for the road show called The Body Snatchers Road Show (members: Tillman, Williams, and Crumpley), and they played in several night clubs throughout Germany. Deskee shopped at the Frankfurt record shop, Boy Records, during the late 1980s to mid 1990s, and was approached by the shop owners A. Shepanski and N. Jordan, who informed him of a compilation album they were about to release on their new independent record label, Black-Out. Deskee teamed up with local DJ and record producer H. Felber and engineer M. Rodiger, producing "Let There Be House". Maximillian Lenz (aka WestBam) and Klaus Jankuhn added further work to the record. The lyrics for the song were co-written by Deskee and fellow rapper Tony Walton (aka True), who went on to work sign with Black-Out also. Deskee scored three hits on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: two number-ones from 1990 ("Let There Be House" and "Dance Dance") and a top 20 hit in 1991 ("Kid Get Hyped", peaking at number 11). Deskee's singles also charted in the UK, where "Let There Be House" peaked at number 52, and "Dance, Dance" reached number 74 in the UK Singles Chart, as well as Spain, Italy and Japan. </doc> <doc id="2338028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338028" title="Burnett County Government Center"> Burnett County Government Center The Burnett County Government Center houses the majority of local county governmental services for Burnett County, Wisconsin. It is located in the town of Meenon. The Burnett County Government Center is in the modern office building style and was designed in 1983 by Ozolins & D’Jock Architects, Ltd. of Eau Claire, Wisconsin. Major construction was by "Construction Analysis & Management of Minneapolis" and the project completed in fall 1984. The formal building dedication took place on Saturday, April 27, 1985. Construction costs were within the original budgeted 3.6 million dollars. There are approximately of building space on this multi-acre grounds area. The facility houses the Courts System, Sheriff’s Department, Jail, and all other County Agencies except for the Airport, Highway, and Forestry Departments. A major exterior masonry renovation took place in 2003. The design was by Ayres Associates, an architectural/engineering company based in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, with construction by Huotari Construction of Medford, Wisconsin. </doc> <doc id="2338032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338032" title="Celtic Orthodox Church"> Celtic Orthodox Church The Celtic Orthodox Church (COC) is a small autocephalous church which derives from the church formerly known as the Catholic Apostolic Church (Catholicate of the West) and, before that, as the Ancient British Church and the Orthodox Church of the British Isles (OCBI), which was constituted by the Syriac Orthodox Church to develop an Orthodox church in the Western (Celtic) tradition without recourse to its Oriental roots. The Ancient British Church was canonically established with the consecration of Mar Julius (Jules Ferrette) in 1866 by Mar Boutros (Boutros ibn Salmo Mesko) who later became Patriarch Mar Ignatius Peter IV of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch. As an autocephalous church the COC is not subject to the Syriac Orthodox Church or tied to its doctrinal position. The Celtic Orthodox Church is not an Oriental Orthodox church and is not monophysite, but upholds the doctrine that the one Person of Christ has two Natures. Its position with regard to the Ecumenical Councils might best be described as Pro-Chalcedonian, that is to say it accepts the teaching of all seven councils, but acknowledges that only the first three were truly ecumenical. Since 25 December 2007, the Celtic Orthodox Church has been united with the French Orthodox Church and the Orthodox Church of the Gauls, forming the Communion of Western Orthodox Churches (CWOC). In 1866, with the sanction of Patriarch Ignatius Ya'qub (Jacob) II of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch, Mar Julius (Jules Ferrette) was consecrated by Mar Boutros ibn Salmo Mesko) who later became Patriarch Mor Ignatius Peter IV of Antioch, and dispatched to form an indigenous Orthodox church in Western Europe, which was not in any way subject to the Syriac Orthodox Church or the Patriarch of Antioch. The consecration was witnessed by the British Consul at Damascus. Mar Julius was given the title of Bishop of Iona and its Dependencies. An early leader was Richard Williams Morgan ("Mar Pelagius I") (1815–1899). The church adopted the name Ancient British Church and aimed at the restoration or re-creation of the form of Christianity that they believed existed in the British Isles) during the earliest centuries of the Christian era. Morgan was consecrated a bishop by Jules Ferrette (Mar Julius) on 6 March 1874. Morgan was designated as first patriarch of the newly formed church. On 2 November 1897, three jurisdictions merged to form the Free Protestant Episcopal Church (full name: Free Protestant Episcopal Church of England). The three were the Ancient British Church (then led by its second patriarch, Charles Isaac Stevens), the Free Protestant Church (founded and led by Bishop Leon Chechemian) and the Nazarene Episcopal Church (founded and led by Bishop James Martin). Leon Chechemian was appointed first primus of the new church and he served in this capacity for three years until 30 December 1900, at which point he was succeeded by Patriarch Stevens. The patriarch of the Ancient British Church and the primus of the Free Protestant Episcopal Church then coincided in Stevens and his successors until 18 May 1939 when Bishop Monzani-Heard appointed William Hall as primus of the Free Protestant Episcopal Church, but retained the role of patriarch. On 23 March 1944, a deed of declaration under Monzani-Heard united the Ancient British Church, the Old Catholic Orthodox Church, the British Orthodox Catholic Church and the Independent Catholic Church into a single organization, to be called the "Catholicate of the West". On 28 March 1944, Hugh George de Willmott Newman was chosen as "Catholicos". He was consecrated and enthroned on 10 April 1944 as "Mar Georgius". Newman's family background had been within the Catholic Apostolic Church (the "Irvingites") and he was influenced by that movement. At Christmas 1944, the newly formed catholicate resolved to bring its ministry, organization, usages and worship into general agreement with the pattern and model of the Catholic Apostolic Church, and the catholicate adopted the new name "Catholic Apostolic Church (Catholicate of the West)" with a sub-title "Western Orthodox Catholic Church". The liturgy of the Catholic Apostolic Church was adopted, with a supplement. However, the catholicate was fairly short-lived and was dissolved in 1953. On 29 January 1945, Monzani-Heard resigned the office of British patriarch to Newman. An attempt was made in 1959 to revive the Catholicate of the West but this did not survive beyond January 1969. The following are the patriarchs in succession: In 1994, Abba (Mar) Seraphim, following negotiations with Pope Shenouda III, took the UK branch of the Catholic Apostolic Church into union with the Coptic (Oriental) Orthodox Church, taking the name British Orthodox Church. The Breton members of the Catholic Apostolic Church, who, under Bishop-Abbot Mael, had been made party to the negotiations with the Coptic Church, decided against alliance with the Copts, considering that their mission to promote and develop Western Orthodoxy was better served in its independence. Accordingly, the remaining bishops of the Holy Synod elected Mgr Mael (Paul-Eduard de Fournier de Brescia), consecrated in 1980 by Mar Seraphim, to be primate of the former French eparchy, assuming the name "L'Église Orthodoxe Celtique" (the Celtic Orthodox Church – officially the Celtic Apostolic Church) to indicate that its jurisdiction covered the area of the former Celtic missions. In 2014, following the death of HB Metropolitan Mael, Mgr Marc (Jean-Claude Scheerens), consecrated in 1998 by Mgr Mael, was enthroned as primate of the Celtic Orthodox Church, having been elected by the Holy Synod. When, in 1998, some of the UK clergy who had followed Abba Seraphim into the Coptic Patriarchate subsequently asked to join the Celtic Orthodox Church, Metropolitan Mael received them and the Celtic Orthodox Church in Britain was given the status of an eparchy or province. In 1999, a new bishop/eparch, Stephen Robson, was elected and consecrated for Britain; he had been one of the British priests who had chosen to leave the Coptic Orthodox Patriarchate. In early 2007, the administration of the British eparchy came under the direct care of the primate when Bishop Stephen resigned. Following deaths, retirements and secessions, the Celtic Orthodox Church in the UK is now represented by one parish (St Gwenn’s, Wessex and the UK). The Celtic Orthodox Church has parishes in France, Switzerland and the United States, including a monastery (Our Lady of the Holy Presence) at Toms Brook, Virginia. Since the end of 2017 the Celtic Orthodox Church is now represented once more in Australia. </doc> <doc id="2338033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338033" title="Jonathan Levin (economist)"> Jonathan Levin (economist) Jonathan Levin (born November 17, 1972) is an American economist at Stanford University who succeeded Garth Saloner as the dean at Stanford Graduate School of Business on September 1, 2016. He also has an appointment as the Holbrook Working Professor of Price Theory in the Department of Economics at Stanford. He had been Chair of the Economics Department. He was awarded the 2011 John Bates Clark Medal. He is the son of former Yale University President Richard Levin. Levin received his BA and BS degrees from Stanford University in 1994, an MPhil in Economics from Nuffield College, Oxford in 1996, and his PhD in Economics from MIT in 1999. He was a post-doctoral scholar at the Cowles Foundation at Yale University, and began teaching at Stanford in 2000. His research is in the field of Industrial Organization. </doc> <doc id="2338037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338037" title="Ray Casey"> Ray Casey Raymond J. Casey (born San Francisco, California, 1900, died Palo Alto, California, 1986) was a top-ranked tennis player and coach. A large and very powerful man for his time, Casey was a 12-letter man in athletics at the University of California, Berkeley. A left-hander, he was considered to have one of the fastest serves in the world. Although he won numerous tournaments on the West Coast, he played only twice in any of the four major Grand Slam tournaments. In the summer of 1925 he travelled with an American contingent to England. According to the Official Encyclopedia of Tennis, at the Eastbourne tournament Casey beat Patrick Wheatley of Great Britain in a 6–0 set that took only 9 minutes. This is still considered the fastest set ever played in a tournament match. Later, Casey and John Hennessey reached the finals of the Wimbledon doubles. In an era in which tournament doubles matches were considered almost as important as singles, they lost one of the most famous matches in the early history of tennis, being beaten 4–6, 9–11, 6–4, 6–1, 3–6 by one of the great French teams of Jean Borotra and René Lacoste. Later that summer, Casey won his opening matches in the American championship in New York but was forced to withdraw by a sudden case of appendicitis. In the 1950s and 1960s Casey was a successful tennis coach in Santa Monica, California, his most noted pupils being Bob Lutz and Julie Anthony. He is a member of the Northern California Tennis Hall of Fame. </doc> <doc id="2338038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338038" title="Brahma chicken"> Brahma chicken The Brahma is a large breed of chicken developed in the United States from very large birds imported from the Chinese port of Shanghai. The Brahma was the principal meat breed in the United States from the 1850s until about 1930. There has been considerable controversy over the origin of the Brahma. It appears to have developed in the United States from birds imported from the Chinese port of Shanghai, which were thus known as "Shanghai" birds. Limited cross-breeding with Chittagong chickens from Bangladesh is likely what gave the Brahma the distinctive characteristics of head shape and the pea comb that distinguish it from the Cochin (another breed that derives from the "Shanghai" birds). Brahmas were first exported to England in December 1852, when George Burnham sent nine "Gray Shanghaes" to Queen Victoria as a gift. The Dark Brahma variety was developed by English breeders from this stock, and later re-exported to the United States. Both the light and the dark (pencilled) Brahma were included in the first British Poultry Standard, published by the original Poultry Club of Great Britain in 1865. Both the light and the dark were included in the first Standard of Perfection of the American Poultry Association in 1874; the Buff variant was added in 1924 or 1929. The Brahma was the principal meat breed in the US from the 1850s until about 1930. Some birds were very large: weights of about for cocks and for hens were recorded. Weight averages about for cocks and for hens. The Brahma is a good winter layer of large brown eggs, which weigh approximately 55–60 g. The American Standard of Perfection recognizes three Brahma varieties: light, dark, and buff. The light Brahma has a base color of white, with black hackles edged in white and a black tail. The cock's saddle feathers in a light Brahma are striped with black. The dark Brahma has the most notable difference between cock and hen. The hen has a dark gray and black penciled coloration with the same hackle as the light whereas the cock has black and white hackles and saddle feathers, and a black base and tail. The wings of a dark Brahma are white-shouldered and the primary feathers (remiges) are edged with white. Buff Brahmas have the same pattern of black as light Brahmas, except with a golden buff base color instead of white. The Australian Poultry Association has accepted black, blue, partridge, crele and barred varieties of Brahma in addition to the standard light, dark, and buff. </doc> <doc id="2338039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338039" title="Western Tatras"> Western Tatras The Western Tatras (; ) are mountains in the Tatras, part of the Carpathian Mountains, located on the Polish-Slovak borders. The mountains border the High Tatras in the east, Podtatranská kotlina in the south, Choč Mountains in the west and Rów Podtatrzański () in the north. The main ridge is 37 kilometers long and the mountain range contains 31 two-thousanders. Western Tatras are the second highest mountain range both in Poland and Slovakia; its highest peak is Bystrá at 2,248 meters. Other notable mountains include Jakubiná (2,194 m), Baranec (2,184 m), Baníkov (2,178 m), Tri kopy (2,136.3 m), Plačlivé (2,125.1 m), Ostrý Roháč (2,087.5 m), Volovec (Polish: "Wołowiec"; 2,064 m), Kasprowy Wierch (Slovak: "Kasprov vrch"; 1,987 m) and Giewont (1,894 m). In Slovakia, they are partially located in the traditional regions of Liptov and Orava. The highest point in Poland is Starorobociański Wierch (2,176 m). All visitors to the Western Tatras area in Slovakia are obliged since July 1, 2006 to cover all costs of their rescue by the Mountain Rescue Service. Visitors are prohibited from leaving the marked tourist routes, sleeping in the mountains or setting fire are strictly prohibited. The Western Tatras are subdivided into 6 regions on the Slovak side and 4 on the Polish side. Slovak Western Tatras: Polish Western Tatras: The Western Tatras are protected by Tatranský národný park in Slovakia and Tatrzański Park Narodowy in Poland. The following is a list of the highest 10 of the 31 two-thousanders in Western Tatras: There are approximately 20 to 32 tarns () in Western Tatras. The exact number is difficult to obtain because of lack of an exact definition and because it is sometimes hard to prove what is a tarn and what is not. The following is a list of 15 largest tarns in Western Tatras: There are four tourist centers inside the Western Tatras area: Zverovka, Brestová and Ťatliakova chata in the northern region and Žiarska chata in the southern region. All other tourist centers lie at the outside borders of the mountains, including: Oravice, Zuberec, Bobrovecká vápenica, Žiar, Konská, Jakubovany-Studená dolina, Pribylina, Podbanské. </doc> <doc id="2338045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338045" title="One Arrow First Nation"> One Arrow First Nation One Arrow First Nation is a Cree First Nations band government in Bellevue, Saskatchewan, Canada. Its main reserve is located just south of Batoche near the South Saskatchewan River about 100 km Northeast of Saskatoon. The One Arrow First Nation's reserve is in the aspen parkland biome. It is bordered by the Rural Municipalities of St. Louis No. 431, Fish Creek No. 402, and Duck Lake No. 463. Named after Chief One Arrow, a signatory to Treaty Six at Fort Carlton in 1876, the band had land disputes with the Métis of Batoche in the 1880s, and their supposed role in the Northwest Rebellion is quite controversial. Chief One Arrow himself claimed they were coerced into participating alongside Louis Riel, while the Métis claim they were allied. Currently Chief Tricia Gamble presides over the band government. It is the birthplace of singer, songwriter, actor and humanitarian/entrepreneur Tom Jackson. Communities near One Arrow First Nation include Batoche, Bellevue, and Wakaw. The band governs fourteen reserves: </doc> <doc id="2338052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338052" title="East Preston"> East Preston East Preston may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338067" title="Orient Heights"> Orient Heights Orient Heights is a historic section of Boston, and is commonly considered part of East Boston; it is Boston's northernmost and northeasternmost neighborhood. The neighborhood sits on a hill, which measures 152 feet in elevation at its highest point. Boston's very first Italian immigrants settled on the hill in the 1860s and 1870s, and the neighborhood has remained Italian-dominated since. The main thoroughfare through Orient Heights is Bennington Street, and the principal intersection, Orient Heights Square, is that of Bennington Street and Saratoga Street. The hill of Orient Heights was once called Hog's Island, but was later renamed Breed's Island, not to be confused with Breed's Hill, the location of the Battle of Bunker Hill. The hill was one of the five islands that comprised East Boston prior to its annexation by Boston in 1836. Well into the 20th century, Italian and English were still spoken in roughly equal amounts in Orient Heights. It is documented that, as recently as the 1950s, masses at St. Lazarus Church (renamed to St. Joseph - St. Lazarus after a merger of parishes) in Orient Heights were delivered by Pastor Luigi Toma in English, Italian and Latin. In more recent years, an increasing Portuguese-speaking population has appeared, and nearly a third of the residents have South American ancestry. Two public elementary schools are in the neighborhood; Curtis Guild Elementary on Leyden Street, and Manassah E. Bradley Elementary on Beachmont Road. In 1912, the Boston Public Library opened a second library branch in East Boston, the Orient Heights branch. The branch was closed in the fall of 2013, and the remaining East Boston branch on Bremen Street is the nearest to the neighborhood. One of Boston's more popular public beaches, Constitution Beach, is located in the Orient Heights. It is known to locals as "Shay's Beach." The beach underwent renovations in the late 1990s as a new public bathhouse and refreshment stand was added, as well as a new pedestrian walkway over the tracks of the Blue Line onto Bennington Street. Orient Heights is home to three places on the National Register of Historic Places. One of the most recognizable landmarks of East Boston is the -high statue of the Madonna. Atop Orient Heights, it is the national headquarters for the Don Orione order. Constructed in 1956, the statue is a full-size replica of the original statue at the Don Orione Center in the Montemario district of Rome, Italy. It was designed by Jewish-Italian sculptor Arrigo Minerbi, who wanted to show his gratitude to the Catholic Church for having shielded him and his family from the Nazis during World War II. Across the street from the Shrine is the Don Orione Home, a nursing home founded by the Don Orione priests. The chapel was designed by Italian architect Mario Bacciocchi. The Shrine and Home were led by Fr. Rocco Crescenzi (January 6, 1916 - April 3, 2011), who was sent from Italy for this purpose. Crescenzi had been an errand boy for St. Luigi Orione himself. The nonagenarian Crescenzi was still active at the Home and Shrine at the time of his passing. Atop a hill in Orient Heights sits large cross. The steel cross on the site today replaced a wooden cross erected by The Madonna Shrine. It also marks the site of the second battle of the Revolutionary War, the Battle of Chelsea Creek. The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's Blue Line runs through the neighborhood, which is serviced by the Orient Heights and Suffolk Downs stations. Several MBTA bus routes run through the neighborhood; the 120 down Bennington Street between the Orient Heights and Maverick train stations, and the 712 and 713 between the Orient Heights station and Winthrop. No MBTA buses service the Suffolk Downs station, which with the closing of the Suffolk Downs racetrack and a lack of associated bus routes has the lowest ridership of any heavy rail transit station in the MBTA system. </doc> <doc id="2338081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338081" title="Three Preludes (Gershwin)"> Three Preludes (Gershwin) Three Preludes are short piano pieces by George Gershwin, which were first performed by the composer at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City in 1926. Each prelude is a well-known example of early-20th-century American classical music, as influenced by jazz. Gershwin originally planned to compose 24 preludes for this group of works. The number was reduced to seven in manuscript form, and then reduced to five in public performance, and further decreased to three when first published in 1926. Two of the remaining preludes not published were rearranged for solo violin and piano and published as "Short Story". Of the other two, the Prelude in G was eliminated by the publisher because somewhat similar music had already appeared in Gershwin's Concerto in F. The other was excluded for unknown reasons. Gershwin dedicated his Preludes to friend and musical advisor Bill Daly. The pieces have been arranged for solo instruments, small ensembles, and piano. The first prelude, in B-flat major, begins with a five-note blues motif; virtually all the melodic material in the piece is based on this theme. Syncopated rhythms based on the Brazilian baião and chords containing flattened sevenths occur throughout; these give the piece a strong jazz feel. Although these sounds are far from adventurous by modern standards, to the audiences of the late 1920s they were almost unheard of. Structurally, the piece is in ternary form; however, the impression on the listener is that of a fantasia. This effect is achieved by using snippets of various virtuoso techniques, such as repeated notes, octaves, scales, and crossed hands, each of which is used for only a moment before the piece catches a flicker of some new idea. The second Prelude, in C-sharp minor, also has the distinct flavour of jazz. The piece begins with a subdued melody winding its way above a smooth, steady bassline. The harmonies and melodies of this piece are built on thirds, emphasizing both the interval of the seventh and the major/minor duality of the blues scale. In the second section, the key, tempo, and thematic material all change; only the similarity of style binds the two sections together. The opening melody and bass return in the final section, more succinct but otherwise unchanged, and the piece ends with a slow ascent of the keyboard. Gershwin himself referred to the piece as "a sort of blues lullaby." Gershwin himself called this prelude in E-flat minor "Spanish", but modern ears may find the description puzzling. After a brief and dramatic introduction, the main theme is revealed: two melodies that together form a question-and-answer pair. This theme is used throughout to provide harmonic structure. The "question" is harmonized using E-flat minor chords, the "answer" by E-flat major chords. After a brief, highly syncopated middle section, the melodic pair returns assertively in octaves, causing a battle between major and minor. Major wins, and the piece concludes with a flourish. </doc> <doc id="2338087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338087" title="James Madison Freedom of Information Award"> James Madison Freedom of Information Award The James Madison Freedom of Information Award is a San Francisco Bay Area honor given to individuals and organizations who have made significant contributions to the advancement of freedom of expression, particularly freedom of information (as in freedom of information legislation and open government). The award is intended to reflect the spirit of former U.S. statesman and president James Madison, traditionally regarded as the "Father of the United States Constitution" and primary author behind the George Mason-inspired United States Bill of Rights, and in particular the First Amendment. The award goes to media and community organizations, journalists, students, and citizens from the nine-county Bay Area who have defended public access to government meetings, public records, and court proceedings, or who have furthered other more general issues of freedom of expression and information. </doc> <doc id="2338093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338093" title="Gombak United FC"> Gombak United FC "Not to be confused with Gombe United FC". Gombak United Football Club was a professional football club which played in Singapore's S.League. Prior to joining the S.League, the club was known as Redhill Rangers FC. From 1998 to 2002, the club played their S.League home games at the Bukit Gombak Stadium before pulling out of the S.League at the end of the 2002 season due to financial difficulties. Gombak United rejoined the S.League in 2006 and moved their home games to Jurong West Stadium, but pulled out of the S.League again during the 2013 season after seven seasons due to reduced takings. The club has indicated its intentions to rejoin the Singapore Premier League in 2019. Cup </doc> <doc id="2338103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338103" title="Jacob Maris"> Jacob Maris Jacob Hendricus Maris (August 25, 1837, The Hague – August 7, 1899, Karlsbad) was a Dutch painter, who with his brothers Willem and Matthijs belonged to what has come to be known as the Hague School of painters.He was considered to be the most important and influential Dutch landscape painter of the last quarter of the nineteenth century. His first teacher was the painter J.A.B. Stroebel who taught him the art of painting from 1849 to 1852. Jacob Maris his most known works are the series of portraits of the royal House of Orange, he worked on these with his brother Matthijs Maris. he is also known for his portraits of landscapes like "Schip on the Scheveningen beach". When he was twelve he took some art lessons and later enrolled in the Hague Academy of Art. from 1850-1853 he attended this highly ranked art university. An art dealer recognized his talent and saw to it that Jacob was able to work in the studio of Hubertus van Hove. There he painted interiors as well as figurative and genre works. van Hove took Maris under his wings and was not only his boss but also his new teacher. Van Hove moved to Antwerp and the nineteen-year-old Maris went with him. This relationship continued until his brother Matthijs received a royal subsidy and joined Jacob. Together they rented space which also had room for their friend Lawrence Alma-Tadema. They took lessons at the Antwerp Academy and were able to sell some of their works. After this he traveled through Germany, Switzerland and France in 1861. Like many of the Hague School alumni, Jacob Maris had enormous success in the Netherlands and abroad. He sold the biggest part of his paintings to private collectors in the United States and in Scotland. In 1857, Jacob Maris returned to the Hague, but Matthijs stayed another year in Antwerp before he again shared a studio with Jacob in The Hague. After they had earned enough money by copying eight royal portraits, they were able to go to Oosterbeek where they met Johannes Warnardus Bilders, his son Gerard, and others who later play important parts in the Hague School. The brothers also went on a study trip together to Germany, Switzerland and France. When their money was spent, they again moved in with their parents and Jacob took more lessons at the Hague Academy of Art. In the summer of 1864, Jacob again went to Oosterbeek and possibly to Fontainebleau and Barbizon. Following this trip he lived in Paris from 1865 till 1871, and then returned to the Netherlands when the Franco-Prussian War broke out. In The Hague, he became a strong landscape painter painting rivers and landscapes with mills and towpaths, and beach views with fishing boats. His stroke became broader and larger and his use of color became more subdued and directed towards portraying the atmospheric depiction of clouds. This part of has been compared to the seventeenth-century painters Jan van Goyen, Jacob Van Ruisdael and Johannes Vermeer. His way of working has been described in the following way: Also, M. Philippe Zilcken said, In 1871, Maris became a member of the Pulchri Studio and would fill various administrative positions there. It was only after 1876 that he experienced any renown in the Netherlands and from 1885 on he was a celebrated painter. As a leader of the Hague School his influence was enormous. Nevertheless, Willem de Zwart and possibly Bernard Blommers had been his only students. When he was in his sixties, Maris began to suffer from asthma and corpulence. At the advice of his doctors he went to take the waters at Karlsbad, where he suddenly died on 7 August 1899. He was buried in The Hague. </doc> <doc id="2338128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338128" title="Joyce Randolph"> Joyce Randolph Joyce Randolph (born October 21, 1924) is an American actress, best known for playing Trixie Norton on the television sitcom "The Honeymooners". Randolph was born as Joyce Sirola in Detroit, Michigan, and moved to New York City in 1943 to pursue an acting career. She took roles on Broadway and landed various television roles. In 1951, she was seen in a Clorets commercial by Jackie Gleason and was asked to appear in a skit on "Cavalcade of Stars", Gleason's variety show on the DuMont Television Network. Soon after, she was cast as Trixie in "The Honeymooners". Several New York columnists referred to her as the ""Garbo of Detroit"." ""That's still a mystery ... I was a nobody in Detroit. Why Garbo? Well, she was Scandinavian — and so was I"", responded Randolph. Randolph is the only surviving member of the famous "Honeymooners" quartet, which included Jackie Gleason as Ralph Kramden, Art Carney as Ed Norton, Audrey Meadows as Alice Kramden (after replacing a blacklisted Pert Kelton), and Randolph as Trixie Norton. Randolph was not the first "Trixie Norton"; Elaine Stritch appeared as a burlesque "Trixie" in 1951 in "Cavalcade of Stars", where the premise for "The Honeymooners" first began. Stritch played the role only once and then Randolph took over. Randolph had met her future "Honeymooners" co-star Meadows long before they did the television series, working together in a summer stock production of "No, No, Nanette". In a September 2015 interview, Randolph said that she did not portray Trixie Norton in "Honeymooners" revivals due to personal and geographic reasons; in addition, Randolph stated that Gleason considered her to be "the quintessential Trixie." Randolph married Richard Lincoln Charles, a wealthy marketing executive, on October 2, 1955, the day after "The Honeymooners" premiered. Richard Charles died in 1997 at age 74. Their son, Randolph Richard Charles (born 1960), is a marketing executive in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She is the grand aunt of former Major League Baseball pitcher Tim Redding. </doc> <doc id="2338135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338135" title="Robarts Research Institute"> Robarts Research Institute The Robarts Research Institute is a medical research institute at the University of Western Ontario. Staff scientists work to investigate a range of diseases including heart disease, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and cancer. The institute was founded in 1986 by neurologist Henry Barnett, known for his discovery of aspirin as a preventive therapy for heart attack and stroke. Mark J. Poznansky became Scientific Director in 1993 and was awarded the Order of Canada in 2005 for his work at Robarts. </doc> <doc id="2338141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338141" title="Sandy Bay, Hong Kong"> Sandy Bay, Hong Kong Sandy Bay (; also known as ) is a bay located in Pokfulam and south of Mount Davis, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. Sandy Bay is home to numerous facilities including Kennedy School, West Island School, the University of Hong Kong Stanley Ho Sports Centre, numerous hospitals and rehabilitation homes such as the Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital, and the Chinese Christian Cemetery. There is a track there which schools can book for use. There is a long jump pit, high jump set up, hurdles and other track and field set ups available at the area. It is opposite Kennedy School. </doc> <doc id="2338144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338144" title="Fantasia contrappuntistica"> Fantasia contrappuntistica Fantasia contrappuntistica is a solo piano piece composed by Ferruccio Busoni in 1910. Busoni created a number of versions of the work, including several for solo piano and one for two pianos. It has been arranged for organ and for orchestra since the composer's death. The work is in large part a homage to Johann Sebastian Bach's "Die Kunst der Fuge". Conversely, Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji's "Opus clavicembalisticum" appears to be a homage to "Fantasia contrappuntistica". Busoni dedicated the work to Wilhelm Middelschulte, ""Meister des Kontrapunktes"". The composer Kenneth Leighton (1929–1988) also wrote a Fantasia Contrappuntistica ("Homage to Bach", Op.24) for piano, which won the first prize at the Bolzano Piano Competition (1956), premiered by Maurizio Pollini. "Fantasia contrappuntistica" is written in twelve parts, and takes about 25 minutes to perform: The first ten pages of the introductory "Preludio corale" are nearly identical to the Third Elegy with a few small cuts and alterations, including the removal of all German expression marks or their translation into Italian. In the third fugue, there is a returning melody composed of four notes, which are B♭, A, C, and B♮. These four notes spell Bach in German, where the H is the B♮, and are commonly known as the B-A-C-H motif. The manuscripts in Busoni's hand are in the Berlin State Library as part of the Busoni Archive. </doc> <doc id="2338145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338145" title="Cambria (typeface)"> Cambria (typeface) Cambria is a transitional serif typeface commissioned by Microsoft and distributed with Windows and Office. It was designed by Dutch typeface designer Jelle Bosma in 2004, with input from Steve Matteson and Robin Nicholas. It is intended as a serif font that is suitable for body text, that is very readable printed small or displayed on a low-resolution screen and has even spacing and proportions. It is part of the ClearType Font Collection, a suite of fonts from various designers released with Windows Vista. All start with the letter "C" to reflect that they were designed to work well with Microsoft's ClearType text rendering system, a text rendering engine designed to make text clearer to read on LCD monitors. The other fonts in the same group are Calibri, Candara, Consolas, Constantia and Corbel. Diagonal and vertical hairlines and serifs are relatively strong, while horizontal serifs are small and intend to emphasize stroke endings rather than stand out themselves. This principle is most noticeable in the italics where the lowercase characters are subdued in style. It is somewhat more condensed than average for a font of its kind. A profile of Bosma for the Monotype website commented: "One of the defining features of the typeface is its contrast between heavy vertical serifs and hairlines – which keep the font sturdy, and ensures the design is preserved at small sizes – and its relatively thin horizontals, which ensure the typeface remains crisp when used at larger sizes." Bosma describes it as a "transitional slab-serif hybrid." Many aspects of the design are somewhat blocky to render well on screen, and full stops are square rather than round. Designers have recommended avoiding using it in printed text because of this: designer Matthew Butterick described it as too monotonous to be attractive on paper. Bosna compared it to optical sizes of fonts designed to be printed small: "The design is a bit like an old metal type font. In those days sizes had their own drawing, so that small sizes are wider and have a lower contrast compared to large fonts in the same design: optical correction. In this sense, Cambria is like a small size font, except that it may also be used at large sizes." As with the other ClearType fonts, both lining figures and text figures are offered. Lining figures are the default, and are shown on the sample image. This is a variant designed for mathematical and scientific texts, as a replacement for Times New Roman. Cambria Math was the first font to implement the OpenType math extension, itself inspired by TeX. Led by Jelle Bosma of Agfa Monotype and Ross Mills of Tiro Typeworks, the project was planned when development of Cambria had started, but Cambria Math was developed in three stages. Cambria is distributed with all Windows versions since Windows Vista, all Microsoft Office versions since Microsoft Office 2007 for Windows and Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac, and Microsoft Office 2007 viewers and converters. Cambria (Regular) and Cambria Math are packaged together as a TrueType Collection (TTC) file. Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac does not include Cambria Math, as OMML is not supported. Therefore, the Macintosh version of Cambria is packaged as individual TrueType Font (TTF) files, rather than a single TTC file. This font, along with Calibri, Candara, Consolas, Corbel and Constantia, is also distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. For use in other operating systems, such as GNU/Linux, cross-platform use and web use it is not available as a freeware. The typeface is licensed by Ascender Corporation for use by end users and consumer electronics device manufacturers. The typeface is also licensed by Monotype Imaging to printer manufacturers as part of the Vista 8 Font Set package. In 2013, as part of Chrome, Google released a freely-licensed font called Caladea, which is metric-compatible to Cambria (i.e. can replace it in a document without changing the layout). It is based on Cambo, a font developed by the Argentine type foundry Huerta Tipográfica. Despite being metric-compatible, Caladea covers much smaller language range, e.g. it doesn't support Cyrillic, Greek and advanced typographic features like ligatures, old style numerals or fractions. Cambria Math is used for presentation of Office MathML equations in Microsoft Office 2007 and later. The free typesetting systems XeTeX and LuaTeX can make direct use of Cambria Math as an alternative to traditional TeX mathematical fonts. Cambria is available for use in Google's Google Drive suite of web applications. </doc> <doc id="2338146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338146" title="Patrick Kielty"> Patrick Kielty Patrick Kielty (born 31 January 1971) is a comedian and television personality from Northern Ireland. Kielty was born in Downpatrick, Co Down, Northern Ireland, and grew up in the neighbouring village of Dundrum. He is one of three sons born to the businessman John "Jack" Kielty, who was shot dead on 25 January 1988 by the Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF), a cover name used by loyalist paramilitary group the Ulster Defence Association (UDA). John Kielty was to have been a key witness in Central Television's defence of a libel action brought by Jim Craig, who was suing the television company over a broadcast of "The Cook Report" which connected him to racketeering, and is said to have ordered John Kielty's murder. Kielty began performing regularly while a pupil at St Patrick's Grammar School, Downpatrick, which holds an annual holiday concert. Kielty was persuaded to take part by a Games master who spotted his impersonations of local politicians, celebrities, and sportsmen. His professional career started while he was still a psychology student at Queen's University of Belfast called "The Empire Laughs Back", started by him and fellow student Jackie Hamilton, who went on to become a BBC producer. One routine performed a local gigs involved donning a balaclava and making spoof paramilitary pronouncements. In the early 1990s, Kielty won the Guinness Entertainer of the Year in INF Warrenpoint, an event fronted by Sean Mallon. In 1993, Kielty presented the show "SUS" on UTV. He later became the warm-up act for a BBC Northern Ireland programme, "Anderson on the Box", presented by local personality Gerry Anderson. When this show was axed, he presented its replacement, "PK Tonight". Although this ran for only a year and was only shown in Northern Ireland, it did attract the attention of London-based broadcasters, winning him the "Best Newcomer" Award at the 1996 Royal Television Society Awards. In 1997, he set up the Belfast-based TV production company Green Inc with TV director Stephen Stewart, making shows such as "The Afternoon Show", "Patrick Kielty Almost Live", and "Ask Rhod Gilbert". It was reported in 2010 that Kielty had sold his share in the company. Kielty graduated to presenting programmes such as "Last Chance Lottery" and "Patrick Kielty Almost Live", broadcast throughout the UK. Alcoholic former football star George Best later gave his first TV interview following his liver transplant to Kielty on the same show. From 2001 to 2003, Kielty hosted 14 episodes of the comedy game show Stupid Punts. He also presented a series of "After The Break". He did an impersonation of Martin McGuinness (who bore some superficial visual resemblance to Art Garfunkel) singing the Simon and Garfunkel song, "Bridge over Troubled Water". Kielty continued to appear on national television, mostly light-entertainment shows such as the BBC's "Fame Academy", "Comic Relief Does Fame Academy" and "Love Island" for ITV in both 2005 and 2006. On June 21, 2003 Kielty hosted the Opening Ceremony of the Special Olympics in Croke Park, Dublin, to a reported global audience of 800 million viewers. Other participants included Nelson Mandela, Mohammed Ali, and U2. In 2006, he hosted a segment on ITV's coverage of "The Prince's Trust 30th Birthday LIVE" alongside Kate Thornton. He hosted the original pilot series of the American version of "Deal or No Deal" for ABC in early 2004. However, ABC decided against airing the series, which ended up on NBC, with Canadian comedian Howie Mandel as host. In 2006, Kielty returned to the stand-up scene with a new UK tour. A DVD, filmed at Belfast's Grand Opera House, was later released. In 2007, he began work at the Trafalgar Theatre in London’s West End on the UK production of "A Night in November", written by Northern Irish dramatist Marie Jones ("Stones in His Pockets"). He debuted in the play at the Grand Opera House in Belfast. In 2007, he also guested on the BBC's third series of "Live at the Apollo". On 18 May 2007, Kielty was invited to conduct a joint in-depth TV interview at 10 Downing Street in London with UK Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahearn to discuss the Northern Ireland peace process. He hosted the Saturday morning show on BBC Radio 2 which started on 24 July 2010 and it ran for 10 weeks. Kielty presented Sport Relief in 2010 and 2012 alongside Fearne Cotton. Kielty was the host of the first series of Channel 4's "Stand Up for the Week", which began in June 2010 and ran for six weeks. In 2012, he co-presented "This Morning", alongside Kate Thornton for one episode and Emma Willis for three episodes. In 2014 and 2015, Patrick guest hosted a few episodes of "The One Show" alongside Alex Jones. In 2016 Kielty returned to BBC Northern Ireland to present programmes, including the comedy panel game show "Bad Language" alongside Susan Calman and Paul Sinha. He then hosted television documentary "Patrick Kielty's Mulholland Drive" which focused on the life of William Mullholland and the California Water Wars. Kielty also reflected on his relatives' work in the Northern Irish water industry. In March 2016 he began hosting a chat show for BBC NI called "Delete, Delete, Delete" looking at celebrities' internet history. In 2016, he presented "Debatable", a daily quiz show for BBC Two. In 2018, Kielty presented a documentary, "My Dad, the Peace Deal and Me" for BBC Two. The programme, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement explored the state of Northern Ireland two decades on from the Agreement. Kielty discussed the killing of his father and the effect it had on him, as well as his decision to vote Yes to the Agreement in a referendum, even though it would result in the release from jail of his father's killers. He also interviewed former paramilitary activists from both sides of the struggle, DUP leader Arlene Foster, school students at an integrated (non-denominational) school and a man who was blinded as a small boy by a rubber bullet fired by a British soldier, whom he later befriended. Kielty sat in for Alan Carr on his BBC Radio 2 show when he was on holiday. He has also sat in for Steve Wright and Simon Mayo on the station. In January 2015, US Country star Garth Brooks gave his first UK interview to Kielty for a BBC Radio 2 special from Boston, Massachusetts. Kielty performed in the play "A Night in November" in August 2007 in the Grand Opera House, Belfast, and also in productions in London and in 2008 in the Olympia Theatre, Dublin. A Documentary about the production of the play starring Kielty was released in 2008. Kielty married television presenter Cat Deeley in a private ceremony in Rome on 30 September 2012. On 19 January 2016, they announced the birth of their son. Kielty is Catholic. In 2010, he took part in "Channel 4's Comedy Gala", a benefit show held in aid of Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital, filmed live at the O2 Arena in London on 30 March. Kielty has participated in every incarnation of Soccer Aid so far. He plays for the 'Rest of The World' team as a goalkeeper and is typically substituted onto the field at the beginning of the second half. After co-presenting Sport Relief on two occasions in 2010 and 2012, Kielty's participation in 2015's Comic Relief telethon was confirmed when British boy band One Direction tweeted a short clip announcing who would be playing them in a 'No Direction' tribute for Red Nose Day. Kielty, who impersonated Niall Horan, directed the skit in which comedians Jack Dee played Louis Tomlinson, Nick Helm became Zayn Malik, Vic Reeves took on Harry Styles and Johnny Vegas transformed into Liam Payne. </doc> <doc id="2338150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338150" title="For Musicians Only"> For Musicians Only For Musicians Only is a 1958 jazz album by Dizzy Gillespie, Stan Getz and Sonny Stitt incorporating bebop influences. Recorded in Los Angeles, California on October 16, 1956, it has been described as the "real thing, no pretense". Drummer Stan Levey's son, Bob, described the recording session as told by his father: The story behind this from my Dad's (Stan Levey) point of view is that everything was done in one take no 2nd takes no over dubbing. He had spent the whole day recording for TV, Mission Impossible Mannix etc. So he thought a date with Stan Getz this should be pretty laid back. Well nothing could be further from the truth he said "The count offs were breath taking but once they got thru BeBop everything settled down" his favorite was Wee Allen's Alley. It was virtually a live real Bebop session, nothing worked out, just play by the seat of your pants or get off the bandstand. Like it or not that was the way it was with Bird and those cats, the real thing no pretense. The album is known for the front line's winding, intricate solos. This has led to praise for the back line, particularly bassist Ray Brown, for keeping some semblance of the original tune going behind the solos. </doc> <doc id="2338153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338153" title="Calibri"> Calibri Calibri () is a sans-serif typeface family designed by Luc(as) de Groot in 2002–2004 and released to the general public in 2007, with Microsoft Office 2007 and Windows Vista. In Office 2007, it replaced Times New Roman as the default typeface in Word and replaced Arial as the default in PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, and WordPad. De Groot described its subtly rounded design as having "a warm and soft character". Calibri is part of the ClearType Font Collection, a suite of fonts from various designers released with Windows Vista. All start with the letter "C" to reflect that they were designed to work well with Microsoft's ClearType text rendering system, a text rendering engine designed to make text clearer to read on LCD monitors. The other fonts in the same group are Cambria, Candara, Consolas, Constantia and Corbel. Calibri features subtly rounded stems and corners that are visible at larger sizes. Its sloped form is a "true italic" with handwriting influences, which are common in modern sans-serif typefaces. The typeface includes characters from Latin, Latin extended, Greek and Cyrillic scripts. Calibri makes extensive use of sophisticated OpenType formatting; it features a range of ligatures as well as lining and text figures, indices (numbers enclosed by circles) up to 20, and an alternate "f" and "g" accessible by enabling the fourth and fifth stylistic sets. Some features in Calibri remain unsupported by Office, including true small caps, all-caps spacing, superscript and subscript glyphs and the ability to create arbitrary fractions; these may be accessed using programs such as InDesign. One potential source of confusion in Calibri is a visible homoglyph, a pair of easily confused characters: the lowercase letter L and the uppercase letter i (l and I) of the Latin script are effectively indistinguishable; this is true of many other common fonts, however. The design has clear similarities to de Groot's famous and much more extensive commercial family TheSans, although this has straight ends rather than rounding. As of 2017 a Hebrew version is in development. De Groot has also said in 2016 that he would like if possible to add Bulgarian Cyrillic variant letterforms at a later date. Because of the long development of Windows Vista, Calibri's development – from 2002 to 2004 – occurred several years before the release of that OS. It was first presented in a 2004 beta of Windows Vista, then codenamed Longhorn, and first became available for use with the Beta 2 version of Office 2007, released on May 23, 2006. Calibri and the rest of the ClearType Font Collection were finally released to the general public on January 30, 2007, since when it has been released with most Microsoft software environments. Calibri is also distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. For use in other operating systems, such as cross-platform web use, Calibri is licensed by Ascender Corporation and its parent company Monotype Imaging. The font Calibri Light was introduced in Microsoft Windows 8 and added to Windows 7 and Server 2008 as part of a software update. From Microsoft Word 2013 onwards, Calibri and Calibri Light are the default fonts for body text and headings respectively. Calibri Light is also a default font for headings in Powerpoint. In 2013, due to Calibri's widespread use in Microsoft Office documents, Google released a freely-licensed font called Carlito, which is metric-compatible to Calibri, as part of ChromeOS. Because Carlito has the same font metrics as Calibri, ChromeOS users can correctly display and print a document designed in Calibri without disrupting layout. Carlito was based on the prior open-source typeface Lato, without de Groot's involvement. Calibri won the TDC2 2005 award from the Type Directors Club under the Type System category. Because of Calibri's position as the default font in Office, many cases have been reported in which documents were shown to be forged thanks to a purported creation date before Calibri was available to the general public. In 2017, the font came to public attention as evidence in the Pakistani government-related "Panama Papers" case (also known as #Fontgate), in which a document supposedly signed in February 2006 was found to be typed up in Calibri.<ref name="thenextweb/11july2017"></ref> De Groot said that there was "really zero chance" that the document was genuine. </doc> <doc id="2338166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338166" title="Dermot Mulroney"> Dermot Mulroney Dermot Mulroney (born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, musician and voice actor. He is best known for his roles in romantic comedy, western and drama films. Appearing on screen since the mid 1980s, he is known for his work in films such as "Young Guns" (1988), "Staying Together" (1989), "Where the Day Takes You" (1992), "Point of No Return" (1993), "My Best Friend's Wedding" (1997), "About Schmidt" (2002), "The Wedding Date" (2005), "" (2013), "" (2015) and the HBO films "The Last Outlaw" (1993) and "Long Gone" (1987). Mulroney played the main antagonist Francis Gibson in NBC's "Crisis", Dr. Walter Wallace in "Pure Genius", and Sean Pierce in Showtime's "Shameless. Mulroney was born in Alexandria, Virginia. His father Michael Mulroney, originally from Elkader, Iowa, was a law professor at Villanova University School of Law beginning in the 90s, prior to which he had a private practice in tax law for thirty years in Washington, D.C. His mother, Ellen, originally from Manchester, Iowa, was a regional theater actress. Dermot is the middle child among five siblings. He has two older brothers, Conor and Sean; a younger brother, Kieran Mulroney, who is an actor and screenwriter; and a younger sister, Moira. Mulroney attended Matthew Maury Elementary School and played cello in school and city youth orchestras, as well as acted in children's community theater. He finished 9th and 10th grades at George Washington High School, before attending T. C. Williams High School (grad. 1981). During his sophomore year in high school, he attended the Interlochen Arts Camp as a cellist. Beginning at age 18, Mulroney studied communications at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, where he was a member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, and graduated in 1985. Mulroney has a scar on his upper lip from an accident during his childhood, explaining "I was 3½ and I was carrying a dish for our pet rabbits. And I tripped and it broke, and I fell on it." In his senior year in college, Mulroney responded to a sign-up sheet and auditioned in front of WMA agent Barbara Gale, who offered him a contract and asked him to relocate to Hollywood. There, Mulroney auditioned for three months before landing the role of the male lead in his debut in "Sin of Innocence". In his first decade acting, Mulroney appeared in a slew of drama films often dealing with heavy subject matter: "Sin of Innocence" (1986), in which he played a stepbrother romantically involved with his stepsister after their parents marry; "Daddy" (1987), in which he played the boyfriend in a couple dealing with the struggles of teenage parenthood; "Unconquered" (1989), in which he portrayed the son of Richmond Flowers Sr., an opponent of Alabama Governor George Wallace's segregationist policies; "Longtime Companion" (1989), in which he portrayed the first HIV/AIDS patient to die of the disease in a widely-released film; "Where the Day Takes You" (1992), in which he plays the leader of a group of teenage runaways trying to survive in the streets of Los Angeles; and supporting roles in the Emmy Award-nominated "Family Pictures" (1993), which dealt with the struggles of raising an autistic child, and "Bastard out of Carolina" (1996), which dealt with abuse and molestation. In 1988, Mulroney appeared in the baseball flick "Long Gone", for which he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie at the CableACE Awards. In 1989, he appeared in "Survival Quest", during which he met Catherine Keener. While filming, in 1986, Keener was caught in a river current and floated precariously close to whitewater rapids when Mulroney jumped in and the pair were picked up half a mile downstream. The two eventually married in 1990. The couple would go onto appear together in four other films: "Living In Oblivion" (1995), "Heroine of Hell" (1996), "Box of Moonlight" (1996) and "Lovely & Amazing" (2001). Mulroney's roles in "Samantha" (1991) and "Where The Day Takes You" (1992) awarded him Best Actor at the Seattle International Film Festival. Mulroney appeared in a number of western films throughout this period, namely "Young Guns" in 1988, "Silent Tongue" and "The Last Outlaw" in 1993, and "Bad Girls" in 1994. The Sam Shepard-directed "Silent Tongue" would mark the second in a series of four collaborations, with the two previously appearing together on screen in "Bright Angel" (1990), for which Mulroney won the Jury Special Prize at the Torino International Festival of Young Cinema. Mulroney co-starred in the comedy-drama films: "Staying Together" (1989); "The Thing Called Love" (1993), the second of two collaborations with River Phoenix before his death; and "There Goes My Baby" (1994), originally filmed in 1990. Mulroney appeared in the thriller films "Point of No Return" in 1993; "Copycat" in 1995; the Palme d'Or-nominated "Kansas City", and "The Trigger Effect" in 1996. He was nominated for Best Kiss, with Winona Ryder, for "How to Make an American Quilt" (1996) at the MTV Movie Awards. Several of his lead performances have been in romantic comedy films. Mulroney has appeared in many movies, including as the male lead in "My Best Friend's Wedding" alongside Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz. In 1993 Mulroney played "J.P", the boyfriend of star "Maggie" (played by Bridget Fonda) in "Point of No Return". Mulroney also played the love interest of Madeleine Stowe in the western "Bad Girls". In 2005, he played a male escort alongside Debra Messing in "The Wedding Date", and co-starred in the ensemble film "The Family Stone", with Sarah Jessica Parker. He was also in the movie "Abduction" (2011) as Martin Price. In 2003, Mulroney played Gavin Mitchell on the TV series "Friends". He appeared in three episodes, and briefly dating Rachel. This would mark Mulroney's last on-screen appearance on television for a number of years, revealing in a May 2007 interview that he had turned away TV series roles in favor of film. Mulroney appeared in the fifth season of "The Batman" animated series in a voice acting role playing the Green Lanthern/Hal Jordan in three episodes. In 1993, he wrote the song "Someone Else's Used Guitar" for Peter Bogdanovich's "The Thing Called Love", in which he also starred. Mulroney also had a cameo in the Joaquin Phoenix–directed video "Tired of Being Sorry" for Balthazar Getty's band Ringside. Mulroney also is credited as a song performer on the movie and for four other tunes, as well as acting in the movie. He occasionally reads stories on the WBEZ Chicago Public Radio. In 2012, Mulroney played the love interest of Zooey Deschanel, Russell, in the Fox series "New Girl". In 2013, he portrayed the title starring role in the psychotronic horror film "The Rambler", which premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival. He also starred alongside Lin Shaye, Angus Sampson, and Stefanie Scott in the 2015 horror sequel "". He is the narrator of "Legends & Lies" (2015-2016) executive produced by Bill O'Reilly for Fox News Channel. Mulroney married actress Catherine Keener in 1990 after they met in 1986 when filming "Survival Quest". They have a son named Clyde Keener Mulroney (born June 21, 1999) who is a singer. The couple separated in May 2005 and Mulroney filed for divorce on June 11, 2007, citing irreconcilable differences. Their divorce became final on December 19, 2007. He later married Italian Tharita Catulle in 2008. They have two daughters; Mabel, born in 2008, and Sally June, born in 2009. The family lives in Los Angeles. Mulroney is an accomplished cellist and in 2005 appeared alongside Boyd Tinsley for Alanis Morissette's show at the House of Blues in Hollywood. He played the cello in the film Samantha, where he portrayed a college student studying music alongside Martha Plimpton. He played cello in the song "Place Your Hand" from Melissa Etheridge's 1992 album "Never Enough", on the EP for Rain Phoenix's band Papercranes, and on the score to "" (2006), "" (2011), and "Star Trek Into Darkness" (2013). Most recently, he portrayed a cello soloist in the second and third seasons of "Mozart in the Jungle". Mulroney was included in "People"'s Sexiest Men of the Year issue in 2005 as its "Sexiest Jack of Arts". </doc> <doc id="2338167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338167" title="Candara"> Candara Candara is a humanist sans-serif typeface designed by Gary Munch and commissioned by Microsoft. It is part of the ClearType Font Collection, a suite of fonts from various designers released with Windows Vista, all starting with the letter "C" to reflect that they were designed to work well with Microsoft's ClearType text rendering system. The others are Calibri, Cambria, Consolas, Corbel and Constantia. Candara’s verticals show both entasis and ekstasis on opposite sides of stems, high-branching arcades in the lowercase, large apertures in all open forms, and unique ogee curves on diagonals. Its italic includes many calligraphic and serif font influences, which are common in modern sans-serif typefaces. Calibri and Corbel, from the same family, have similar designs and spacing. The family supports most of the WGL4 character set. OpenType features include automatic ligature sets, numerals (tabular, proportional, oldstyle and lining), numerator, denominator, scientific inferior subscripts, and small caps. It is also distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. It is not available as a freeware for use in other operating systems such as GNU/Linux, cross-platform use, and web use. </doc> <doc id="2338174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338174" title="Consolas"> Consolas Consolas is a monospaced (non-proportional) typeface, designed by Luc(as) de Groot. It is a part of a suite of fonts that take advantage of Microsoft's ClearType font rendering technology. It has been included with Windows since Windows Vista, Microsoft Office 2007 and Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, and is available for download from Microsoft. It is the only standard Windows Vista font with a slash through the zero character. Consolas supports the following OpenType layout features: stylistic alternates, localized forms, uppercase-sensitive forms, oldstyle figures, lining figures, arbitrary fractions, superscript, subscript. Although Consolas is designed as a replacement for Courier New, only 713 glyphs were initially available, as compared to Courier New (2.90)'s 1318 glyphs. In version 5.22 (included with Windows 7), support for Greek Extended, Combining Diacritical Marks For Symbols, Number Forms, Arrows, Box Drawing, Geometric Shapes was added. In version 5.32 the total number of supported glyphs was 2735. This font, along with Calibri, Cambria, Candara, Corbel and Constantia, is also distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. Consolas is also available for licensing from Ascender Corporation. Bare Bones Software has licensed the font from Ascender for use in their text editor BBEdit. Inconsolata, an open source alternative, is available on Google Fonts. </doc> <doc id="2338175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338175" title="Justin Tuck"> Justin Tuck Justin Lee Tuck (born March 29, 1983) is a former American football defensive end. He played college football at Notre Dame, and was drafted by the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft, winning two Super Bowl titles with the team, both against the New England Patriots. He also played for the Oakland Raiders. Tuck graduated from Wharton, of the University of Pennsylvania, with his MBA in 2018. Tuck played high school football in Alabama at Central Coosa County. He played for legendary coach Andrew Slome. Growing up, Tuck's favorite football teams were the San Francisco 49ers and the Dallas Cowboys, but his favorite sport was basketball. Although he began playing football in the seventh grade, Justin only began to take it seriously in his freshman year of high school where he originally started out as a quarterback before changing positions to tight end and defensive end. His accolades include earning Alabama Class 4A Player of the Year as a senior in 2000, as well as lettering in football at both linebacker and tight end. For his career at Central-Coosa, Tuck recorded 492 tackles with 37 sacks, 26 forced fumbles, and 17 fumble recoveries. As a tight end, Tuck had 115 catches for 2,106 yards and 17 touchdowns. Subsequently, Tuck also won two state championships as a member of the high school basketball team. Tuck played for Legendary coach Andrew Slome Tuck received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Notre Dame, where he played for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team from 2001 to 2004. After redshirting his 2001 freshman year, Tuck played sparingly in his sophomore season. Playing only 180 minutes for the season, Tuck recorded his first collegiate sack against Michigan State. Despite his limited playing time and one start against Rutgers, Tuck was named a third-team freshman All-American by "The Sporting News". Tuck increased his production in his final two seasons at Notre Dame. In 2003, he finished the season with 13.5 sacks, 19 tackles for a loss and three forced fumbles before suffering a knee injury against Syracuse. Tuck frequently encountered double-team coverage in 2004. Despite a lingering knee problem from the previous season and not playing in Notre Dame's Insight.com Bowl loss to Oregon State, Tuck still finished the season with 47 tackles, six sacks and 14 stops for losses. Nicknamed "The Freak" by his teammates for his raw athleticism, Tuck holds several defensive records at Notre Dame. Topping the previous record mark of 22.5 sacks by Kory Minor, Tuck finished his collegiate career with 24.5 sacks. His career 43 tackles for loss and 13.5 sacks in a single season are also school records. He graduated from Notre Dame in May 2005 with a degree in management from the Mendoza College of Business. In the run-up to the 2005 NFL Draft, Tuck also recorded a wind-aided 4.56 in the 40-yard dash as well as a 380-pound bench press, 560-pound squat, and a 336-pound power clean. Pre-draft reports contended that the knee injury would keep teams from taking Tuck in the first round. He was known as "terrific athlete who is a disruptive force up the field. Breaks down well playing with leverage, rarely off his feet and tough to move from his angle of attack," and "an extremely quick and agile player who possesses very good strength for a player of his size." Although projected to be a mid-first round pick in the 2005 NFL Draft, Tuck was selected in the third round, 74th overall, by the New York Giants. On July 29, 2005, Tuck signed a four-year $2.36 million contract with the Giants, which included a $737,000 signing bonus. Tuck's rookie season in the NFL found him behind Pro Bowl defensive ends Michael Strahan and Osi Umenyiora on the New York Giants depth chart, reducing his role to special teams and the first backup at each defensive end position. In total, Tuck played in 14 regular season games with one start and the NFC Wild Card Game. His first career sack came against the Giants' NFC East rival, the Dallas Cowboys. Tuck finished his rookie season with 33 total tackles one sack, two passes defended, one forced fumble, and 18 special teams tackles. During his sophomore season in 2006, Tuck was limited to just six games due to an injury suffered on October 23, 2006 in a New York Giants "Monday Night Football" victory over the Dallas Cowboys. On November 17, Tuck underwent successful surgery to repair a Lisfranc injury. The procedure included inserting screws into Tuck's foot. For the 2006 season, Tuck only recorded two solo tackles. Despite starting only two games in the 2007 season, Tuck enjoyed his best season to date, recording 65 tackles, 10 sacks, and two forced fumbles during the regular season. During the season, Tuck spelled both Michael Strahan and Osi Umenyiora at defensive end and on likely passing downs he teamed with Mathias Kiwanuka at defensive tackle (with Strahan and Umenyiora at end) to form a four defensive end pass rush, a scheme defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo employed to pressure opponent quarterbacks. On January 18, 2008, Tuck signed a contract extension from the Giants. The five-year, $30 million deal, $16 million of which was guaranteed, included a $9 million signing bonus. In front of a record-setting American television audience, Tuck had a spectacular game in Super Bowl XLII by repeatedly pressuring New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and recording two sacks and a forced fumble. According to Tuck, he and Brady exchanged playful trash talk during especially physical plays. Due to the game's low score, opinions were heavily waged that Tuck was more deserving of the MVP award than quarterback Eli Manning. On January 17, 2008, Tuck was rewarded with a contract extension with the Giants. On March 31, 2008, Tuck reported to voluntary off-season conditioning programs administered by the Giants. Prior to the start of Giants mini-camp in May, Tuck and the Giants were invited by President Bush to the White House to honor their victory in Super Bowl XLII. Tuck also took up boxing to improve his hand-eye coordination. Due to Michael Strahan's retirement, Tuck was promoted to starting defensive end. When asked about the pressure of replacing Strahan, Tuck replied "Pressure? No, I'm smart enough to realize there's only one Strahan and there will always only be one Strahan. I'm not trying to replace Michael Strahan. I'm just trying to fill in and do my best to help this football team win. I'm not pinning that pressure on my back, as far as going out there and getting 22 sacks in a season." But Tuck started his 2008 campaign in Michael Strahan-like fashion by sacking Washington Redskins quarterback Jason Campbell in the first play of the season opener. The Giants went on to defeat their division rivals the Washington Redskins 16–7. Tuck followed his exceptional performance in week one with an outstanding performance against the St. Louis Rams. Tuck finished the game with 2.0 sacks and an interception return for a touchdown in a Giants victory in week two. The interception and touchdown marked the first of Tuck's professional career. The touchdown was his first since his junior season at Notre Dame. Tuck totaled 66 tackles, 12 sacks, three forced fumbles, two passes deflected, and one interception. Tuck's stellar play in the 2008 season earned him a trip to the Pro Bowl as one of the NFC's starting defensive ends. He was also voted to All-Pro for the first time in his career. Tuck and the Giants entered the 2009 season as one of the favorites for the NFC to go the Super Bowl. With the return of teammate Osi Umenyiora, Tuck hoped to see fewer double teams than he did during the end of the 2008 season. Tuck played very well in the season opener against the Washington Redskins on September 13, 2009. Tuck recorded two tackles for a loss, 1.5 sacks, and a pass deflection, helping the Giants win by a score of 23–17. After the game, Tuck was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week. Tuck sustained an injured left shoulder when he was tripped by a Cowboys' lineman Flozell Adams in September, which affected his play for the rest of the 2009 season. He ended the season with 60 tackles, six sacks, six forced fumbles, and eight pass deflections. For his efforts in the 2009 season, Tuck was voted an alternate in the 2010 Pro Bowl. Tuck continued to perform at a high level throughout the 2010 season and, along with Osi Umenyiora, proved why New York's pair of defensive ends were among the most feared in the league. Tuck recorded career highs with 76 total tackles and six forced fumbles. In addition, he finished the season with 11.5 sacks, a half a sack shy of tying his career best 12 sacks from 2008. Tuck's greatest individual efforts came in games against the Chicago Bears and the Philadelphia Eagles. In Week 4, against Chicago, Tuck accounted for three of the defense's 10 total sacks, and had a forced fumble in a game the Giants won 17–3. In Week 15, against Philadelphia, Tuck had 1.5 sacks in a losing effort to the Eagles. The Giants finished with a 10–6 record and missed the playoffs after losses to the Eagles, who won the NFC East, as well as the eventual Super Bowl Champion Green Bay Packers. Tuck was named as an alternate to the 2011 Pro Bowl and All-Pro teams. In 2010, Tuck was ranked 60th by his fellow players in the NFL Top 100 Players of 2011. Tuck battled injuries in the 2011-2012 season. He started in only 11 games. He had 26 tackles and five sacks in the regular season. However, in the postseason he played in all four of the Giants games and had 3.5 sacks, two of which came in Super Bowl XLVI. The Giants went on to win Super Bowl XLVI. It was Tuck's second Super Bowl ring in five years. Many believed that Tuck was a primary candidate for Super Bowl MVP because of his performance in the game, but quarterback Eli Manning won the MVP just like in Super Bowl XLII. After the game, Tuck joked that Manning "stole my MVP again." On March 13, 2014, Tuck signed a two-year, $11 million contract with the Oakland Raiders. Tuck said he signed the deal because the deal that the New York Giants offered was "disrespectful." Tuck still respects the players on the Giants (Victor Cruz and Eli Manning) as brothers and still keeps up with his former teammates. On October 15, 2015, Tuck was placed on the team's injured reserve due to a chest injury. Tuck announced his retirement from professional football on February 1, 2016 after 11 seasons. On May 6, 2016, Tuck signed a one-day contract with New York to retire as a Giant. "Source:" Tuck is married to Lauran Williamson of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and his parents are Jimmy Lee and Elaine Tuck. His wife graduated from Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business in 2005. She played the defensive back position in women's intramural football and wrote for the student newspaper. She began dating Tuck during his junior year. Jimmy Lee Tuck, Justin's father, built the home that has housed his eight children and spouse by hand in 1973. During his childhood, Justin was nicknamed "He-Man" due to his large stature. He would run through his home yelling catchphrases from Masters of the Universe such as "By the power of Grayskull!" or "I have the power!". During his youth, Tuck frequently attended Elam II Missionary Baptist Church in his native Kellyton, resulting in Justin becoming the congregation's youngest Sunday School instructor. Justin is cousins with current Seattle Seahawks middle linebacker Bobby Wagner and Adalius Thomas, former Baltimore Ravens and New England Patriots linebacker. After the Giants won Super Bowl XLII, Tuck achieved a new level of celebrity in his native Alabama. "It was interesting when I went home (to Alabama)," Tuck said. "You couldn't go anywhere without people asking for your autograph or telling you congratulations or how proud they were of you and things like that." The newfound celebrity also extended to New York, where Tuck and Giants wide receiver Amani Toomer were honored by Congressman Charles Rangel at the ball field at Harlem River Park on February 20, 2008. The community celebration was in honor of the Giants' Super Bowl XLII victory. Three days later, he and several Giants players were honored as "special guests" during a historic title unification bout in Madison Square Garden between heavyweight boxers Wladimir Klitschko and Sultan Ibragimov. The following month, Tuck was again honored for his Super Bowl performance. He exchanged a game-worn football jersey for a game-used hockey stick with New York Rangers captain Jaromír Jágr. After only his second ice hockey game, Tuck quipped "I am hooked. It's football on ice." He is a Rangers fan. Tuck has participated in various philanthropic causes. Tuck and Giants teammate Michael Strahan teamed up with Nike to design their own exclusive pair of sneakers for ID studio in New York City. All proceeds of the sneakers were donated to Nike's Let Me Play global campaign. Tuck was also featured on the second season of "Cake Boss" when he ordered a cake shaped like a billiards table for the first annual celebrity billiards event for his charity "Tuck's Rush for Literacy." Tuck and his family have been residents of Fort Lee, New Jersey. He serves on the player engagement board of advisors of the Alliance of American Football as of 2018. </doc> <doc id="2338179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338179" title="T-Men"> T-Men T-Men is a 1947 semidocumentary style film noir by director Anthony Mann and shot by noted noir cameraman John Alton. The production features Dennis O'Keefe, Mary Meade, Alfred Ryder, Wallace Ford, June Lockhart and Charles McGraw. A year later, director Mann used the film's male lead, Dennis O'Keefe, in "Raw Deal." The film was identified as a B movie when featured in the 1992 documentary, "Visions Of Light: The Art Of Cinematography" for its use of lighting and in the discussion about film noir. The story involves two U.S. Treasury ("T-men") agents who go undercover in Detroit and then Los Angeles in an attempt to break a U.S. currency counterfeiting ring. The agents try to join the gang by posing as counterfeiters from out of town. They eventually join the gang but the stakes are set even higher when one of the agents is killed by the gang while the other undercover T-man watches in horror. The film was the first of a series of film noirs from Eagle Lion. Edward Small provided the finance and Eagle Lion took 25% of the profits. Locations used give a surprising look at the old Los Angeles Plaza area. The undercover cop, seeking his contact, leaves Union Station, crosses Alameda and walks up notorious Ferguson Alley (once full of brothels and opium dens on LA's "old Chinatown") and by the Lugo adobe (all torn down for "The Slot", LA's first downtown freeway. Next, he goes into a Chinese apothecary (once LA's first ire station and now restored as part of the Plaza). A remarkable shot - inside the Chinese apothecary looking out - can be re-imagined today from inside the restored fire station. The film was successful at the box office. "The New York Times" film critic, Bosley Crowther, gave the film a positive review, "Hand it to Mr. Small's craftsmen: they have turned out a cops-and-robbers film in this new 'semi-documentary' format which, for action, is one of the best ... Made in part on locations in Detroit and Los Angeles, it does have a look of reality not often encountered in such films ... And Anthony Mann has directed the action, of which there is more than enough, with a fine sense of melodramatic timing and a good eye for sharp, severe effects." Contemporary film critic, Dennis Schwartz, praised the film, writing, "The compelling well-made fake realism of the small studio sleeper semi-documentary crime thriller, "T-Men", brought to wider attention the immense skills of B-film director Anthony Mann ("Desperate"/"The Tin Star"/"The Man from Laramie") and cinematographer John Alton ... John Alton's brilliant camerawork makes the mise en scène dramatically grander than the matter-of-fact tone of the narration." Although the film was a success it led to a breach between Eagle Lion and Small as Small was unhappy with the way his contribution to the film was minimized in advertising. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound (Jack Whitney). The film was remade in 1969, as "The File of the Golden Goose", directed by Sam Wanamaker and starring Yul Brynner and Edward Woodward and this time set in London, England instead of the United States. In 1970 Small announced he intended to turn the film into a TV series but it did not eventuate. </doc> <doc id="2338180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338180" title="Constantia (typeface)"> Constantia (typeface) Constantia is a serif typeface designed by John Hudson and commissioned by Microsoft. It is a transitional serif design, influenced by Eric Gill's Perpetua design. Development of the typeface began in 2003 and it was released in 2006. Constantia is part of the ClearType Font Collection, a suite of fonts from various designers released with Windows Vista. All start with the letter "C" to reflect that they were designed to work well with Microsoft's ClearType text rendering system, a text rendering engine designed to make text clearer to read on LCD monitors. The other fonts in the suite are Calibri, Cambria, Candara, Consolas and Corbel. Constantia was designed for either print or on-screen uses. Numerals are text figures by default, as seen on the sample image; the font also includes lining figures as an alternate style. Reviewing it for the website "Typographica", Raph Levien described it as likely to be "everyone's favourite face [in the suite]...a highly readable Roman font departing only slightly from the classical model, [but] it still manages to be fresh and new. It takes some inspiration from Perpetua...but the triangular serifs bring to mind a chisel, and the font has enough calligraphic flavor to recall Palatino." Among other features, the design includes small capitals, alternative spacing and punctuation for all caps text, numbers enclosed by circles, and superscript and subscript glyphs. A transitional serif design, the design features moderate contrast between thick and thin strokes and a nearly-vertical axis. To render well in ClearType, the letters "O" and "Q" are slightly squared-off. It is distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. For use in other operating systems, such as GNU/Linux, cross-platform use and web use it is not available as a freeware. Explaining its name, Hudson wrote: "I can’t remember all the possible names I came up with, each of which ended up rejected after international trademark searches...I’d been singing some psalms during vespers, and noticed the word "constantia". Hey, I thought, that starts with C!" Writing in 2011, Hudson commented, "I actually don't like the name Constantia very much, and every time I see the sea birds on the dock while I'm waiting for the ferry I wish I'd thought to call it Cormorant." </doc> <doc id="2338181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338181" title="Maire O'Neill"> Maire O'Neill Maire O'Neill (11 January 1886 – 2 November 1952) was an Irish actress of stage and film. Born Mary Agnes Allgood at 40 Middle Abbey Street, Dublin, she was one of eight children of compositor George and french polisher Margaret (née Harold) Allgood, she was known as "Molly". Her father was sternly Protestant and against all music, dancing and entertainment, and her mother a strict Catholic. After her father died in 1896, she was placed in an orphanage. She was apprenticed to a dressmaker. One of Allgood's brothers, Tom, became a Catholic priest. Maud Gonne set up "Inghinidhe na hÉireann" (Daughters of Ireland) in 1900 to educate women about Irish history, language and the arts, and Allgood and her sister Sara joined the association's drama classes around 1903. Their acting teacher, Willie Fay, enrolled them in the National Theatre Society, later known as the Abbey Theatre. Maire was part of the Abbey Theatre from 1906-1918 where she appeared in many productions. In 1904 she was cast in a play by Irish playwright Teresa Deevy called Katie Roche where she played the part of Margaret Drybone, there were 38 performances in this production. In 1905 Molly met Irish playwright John Millington Synge and they fell in love, a relationship regarded as scandalous because it crossed the class barriers of the time. In September 1907 he had surgery for the removal of troublesome neck glands, but a later tumour was found to be inoperable. They became engaged before his death in March 1909. Synge wrote the plays "The Playboy of the Western World" and "Deirdre of the Sorrows" for Allgood. Under her professional name Maire O'Neill, she appeared in films from 1930-53, including Alfred Hitchcock's film version of Seán O'Casey's play "Juno and the Paycock" (1930). She made her American debut in New York in 1914 in the play "General John Regan" at the Hudson Theatre. In June 1911 she married G. H. Mair, drama critic of the Manchester Guardian, and later Assistant Secretary of the British Department of Information, Assistant Director of the League of Nations Secretariat in Geneva, and head of the League of Nations office in London, with whom she had two children. He died suddenly on 3 January 1926. Six months later she married Arthur Sinclair, an Abbey actor. They had two children but divorced. Her life suffered a full share of tragedies; she was crushed by her brother Frank's death in World War I in 1915, her fiancé Synge died before they married, her beloved husband died after 15 years of marriage, and their son died in an air crash in 1942. Her sister Sara's husband and baby died of influenza during the Spanish flu. Sara died two years before her; they had become estranged. She died in Park Prewett Hospital, Basingstoke, England, on 2 November 1952, aged 66, where she was receiving treatment after being badly burned in a fire at her London home. Joseph O'Connor's 2010 novel, "Ghost Light", is loosely based on Allgood's relationship with Synge. </doc> <doc id="2338182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338182" title="Force Protection Condition"> Force Protection Condition In United States military security, Force Protection Condition (FPCON for short) is a terrorist threat system overseen by the United States Department of Defense directive, and describes the number of measures needed to be taken by security agencies in response to various levels of terrorist threats against military facilities, as opposed to DEFCON, which assesses the amount of military forces needed to be deployed in a situation with a certain likelihood of attack against the civilian population. The decision on what level of FPCON to implement is affected by the current threat of terrorism towards military facilities and personnel, the amount of security forces available, and current relationships between the United States and the world, which may affect the chances of an attack. FPCON was previously known as THREATCON, until it was renamed in June 2001 due to confusion with United States State Department system of threat assessment. There are five Force Protection Conditions; the commander of U.S. Northern Command determines what the minimum force protection level will be for every American installation in the continental United States. USNORTHCOM sets the force protection condition level for so many installations because it is the Unified Combatant Command whose geographic area of responsibility is North America. Other combatant commands, such as U.S. European Command and U.S. Southern Command, set the force protection condition levels for American military installations in their areas of responsibility. Individual facility and installation commanders may increase their local force protection levels as they feel is necessary, but they must adhere to at least the minimum level prescribed by USNORTHCOM. Force protection can include procedures as basic as checking identification cards at the entrance to an installation and requiring credentials to get inside a building. However, when necessary, force protection procedures can become as stringent as inspecting every vehicle, person and bag entering an installation. The five Force Protection Conditions are: The key significant difference between FPCON Charlie, and FPCON Delta, is that FPCON Delta references a specific, known threat, whereas FPCON Charlie is used to prepare for imminent threats of a general, non-targeted nature. FPCON Charlie can also be maintained for a significant length of time, several weeks, while FPCON Delta is generally only maintainable for several days. An FPCON level may also be designated as "+", meaning the facility shall institute extra security measures beyond those specified for the FPCON Level. Generally this is used to provide an extra layer of security for FPCON Alpha. There is a list of extra security measures that may be initiated for a "+" security level; normally the facility Force Protection NCO, will choose two or three for his installation, and switch them out randomly to prevent predictable response. Some, however, are nearly always used. For instance 100% ID checks of all incoming persons is nearly always used at FPCON Alpha+, while armed fenceline patrols may be done for two days, then stopped and replaced with anti-surveillance measures to increase randomness and decrease predictability of defense. FPCON levels can also be raised in a non-progressive manner; for example, the FPCON level can jump from FPCON NORMAL to FPCON CHARLIE, completely skipping the ALPHA and BRAVO levels. In the 2009 science fiction movie "", the US military assumes Condition Delta when they believe that the arrival of multiple Decepticons to Earth is a string of massive terrorist attacks around the world. In the 2011 science fiction movie "", the US Marines use the term THREATCON Delta when they discover that the "meteors" are actually alien ships. In a 2003 episode of the political drama "The West Wing", "Red Haven's on Fire", President Bartlet orders military bases in Africa and Europe to go to THREATCON Charlie after a suicide bombing. In a 2003 episode of JAG called "Empty Quiver", a navy base is shown to be on THREATCON Delta after a nuclear warhead goes missing. </doc> <doc id="2338185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338185" title="Corbel (typeface)"> Corbel (typeface) Corbel is a humanist sans-serif typeface designed by Jeremy Tankard for Microsoft and released in 2005. It is part of the ClearType Font Collection, a suite of fonts from various designers released with Windows Vista. All start with the letter "C" to reflect that they were designed to work well with Microsoft's ClearType text rendering system, a text rendering engine designed to make text clearer to read on LCD monitors. The other fonts in the same group are Calibri, Cambria, Candara, Consolas and Constantia. In a blurb for its use, Corbel was described as "designed to give an uncluttered, clean appearance on screen. The letter forms are open with soft, flowing curves. It is legible and clear at small sizes. At larger sizes the detailing and style of the shapes is more apparent." The italic style is a true italic, with influences from serif fonts and calligraphy, with many letters gaining a tail pointing to the right. Many aspects of its design are similar to Calibri and Candara, which are also humanist sans-serif designs; like them it is slightly more condensed than average. Font designer Raph Levien, reviewing it for "Typographica", described it as similar to Frutiger. Tankard described his aims in the family's design: “I wanted to move away from the round i-dot sans fonts we've seen a lot of recently. Less cuddly, more assertive. I wanted the italic to be expressive, not a sloped roman." Corbel by default renders numbers as text figures ("old style" or "lowercase" numerals), which are preferred for integrating figures into running text. This is an uncommon choice in sans-serif faces, especially those designed for display on a screen, but several of the other ClearType fonts also make this the default option; lining figures can be suggested using an OpenType stylistic alternates menu. Text figures are also found in Microsoft's serif Georgia typeface. It is distributed with Microsoft Excel Viewer, Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer, the Microsoft Office Compatibility Pack for Microsoft Windows and the Open XML File Format Converter for Mac. For use in other operating systems, such as GNU/Linux, cross-platform use and web use it is not available as a freeware and is licensed and sold by Ascender. </doc> <doc id="2338187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338187" title="Chitrahaar"> Chitrahaar Chitrahaar is television program on DD National featuring song clips from Bollywood films. It was widely watched in the 1980s and 1990s. The word literally means 'a garland of pictures', or more liberally, 'a story of pictures'. It airs for half an hour every Friday on prime-time, where the videos of the latest songs in Hindi film (Bollywood) music are televised. Chitrahaar first aired on 1982 and was widely watched in the 1980s and 1990s. It was popular even outside India, especially in places like the Middle East or the United State of America, which had a large number of people of Indian origin. DD started another show called "Rangoli" in the year 1988 that is based on the same film-music theme and had wide rural viewership. In 1997, both Chitrahaar and Rangoli went back to private producers, with Chitrahaar going to Amit Khanna of Plus Channel and Rangoli to Dheeraj Kumar of Creative Eye In 2010, Chitrahaar started using same language subtitling (SLS), where Hindi subtitles of the song's lyrics scroll across the screen. The idea behind SLS is that people who are just learning to read would benefit by reading lyrics of the songs they are listening to and watching. It's an engaging way to promote literacy, especially in villages. This initiative of Doordarshan has been technically supported by Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. </doc> <doc id="2338193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338193" title="Key Stage 3"> Key Stage 3 Key Stage 3 (commonly abbreviated as KS3) is the legal term for the three years of schooling in maintained schools in England and Wales normally known as Year 7, Year 8 and Year 9, when pupils are aged between 11 and 14. In Northern Ireland the term also refers to the first three years of secondary education, although these are known as Year 8, Year 9 and Year 10. The term is defined in the Education Act 2002 as "the period beginning at the same time as the school year in which the majority of pupils in his class attain the age of twelve and ending at the same time as the school year in which the majority of pupils in his class attain the age of fourteen". This Key Stage normally covers pupils during their first three years of secondary education, although in some cases part or all of this stage may fall in a middle or high school. Some middle and high schools have been piloting accelerated Key Stage 3, by teaching the curriculum over two years. The term is used to define the group of pupils who must follow the relevant programmes of study from the National Curriculum. All pupils in this Key Stage must follow a programme of education in at least 15 areas: At the end of this stage, pupils aged 14 — in Year 9 — are assessed as part of the national programme of National Curriculum assessment. Until 2008 this involved a series of externally marked tests. However, from 2009, this will be based on on-going teacher assessment, with results for each school being published in performance tables. The term is defined in The Education (Northern Ireland) Order 2006 as "key stage 3 is the period beginning at the same time as the next school year after the end of key stage 2 and ending at the same time as the school year in which the majority of pupils in his class complete three school years in that key stage". Notably, the foundation stage and Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2 are defined as lasting for seven years in total from the start of compulsory education. The term is used to define the group of pupils who must follow the relevant programmes of study from the National Curriculum. All pupils in this Key Stage must follow a programme of education in the nine areas of learning in the curriculum, some of which include specific subject strands: </doc> <doc id="2338195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338195" title="Bitonto"> Bitonto Bitonto (; Bitontino: or ) is a city and "comune" in the province of Bari (Apulia region), Italy. It lies to the west of Bari. It is nicknamed the "City of Olives", due to the numerous olive groves surrounding the city. Bitonto lies approximately to the west of the city of Bari, near the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The bordering municipalities are Bari, Bitetto, Palo del Colle, Altamura, Toritto, Ruvo di Puglia, Terlizzi, and Giovinazzo. The hamlets ("frazioni") are Mariotto and Palombaio. The city was founded by the Peucetii, and its inhabitants referred to by the Greek settlers of the region as "Butontinoi", an ethnonym of uncertain derivation. According to one tradition, the city was named after Botone, an Illyrian king. Its first city wall can be dated to the fifth to fourth centuries BC; traces remain in the foundations of the Norman walling. Similarities of coinage suggest that Bitonto was under the hegemony of Spartan Tarentum, but bearing the numismatic legend . Later, having been a Roman ally in the Samnite Wars, the "civitas Butuntinenses" became a Roman "municipium", preserving its former laws and self-government and venerating its divine protectress, whom the Romans identified by "interpretatio romana" as Minerva; the site sacred to her is occupied by the Church of San Pietro in Vincoli. As a city of the Late Roman Empire, Bitonto figures in the "Liber Colonis" of Frontinus, in the Antonine Itinerary and other Imperial itineraries, and the Tabula Peutingeriana, a post where fresh horses were to be had for travellers on the via Traiana for Brundisium. The foundations of a Paleochristian basilica came to light in excavations beneath the cathedral's crypt, but no written evidence survives of an established diocese in the Early Middle Ages. Though there is no evidence that a Lombard "gastaldo" had his seat at Bitonto, Lombard customs and law insinuated themselves deeply in local social fabric. During the 9th century, Bitonto successfully withstood a Saracen raid, in which the besiegers' leader was killed beneath the city's walls Bitonto took part in the revolt of Melus of Bari in 1009. In the Middle Ages Bitonto was a fief of several baronial families, before it passed permanently in the thirteenth century to the Acquaviva, who took their name from their stronghold at Acquaviva delle Fonti: The Acquaviva were later dukes of Atri, and their minor signory of Bitonto was raised to a marquisate in 1464 by the King of Naples, Ferrante di Aragona in favour of Giovanni Antonio Acquaviva; on his premature death it passed to his brother, the successful and cultivated condottiero Andrea Matteo Acquaviva, who exchanged it in 1487 for the marquessate of Ugento, which he subsequently lost. In 1552 the citizens paid for the city's freedom the considerable sum of 66,000 ducats. In 1734, during the War of Polish Succession, the Spanish army under Charles of Bourbon and the Duke of Montemar defeated the Austrians under Giuseppe Antonio, Prince of Belmonte at the Battle of Bitonto, thus securing possession of the Kingdom of Naples for the Bourbons. On September 6, 1928 the village of the Holy Spirit, the only access to the coast and the subject of border disputes between the two cities since the Thirteenth century, it passed to the municipality of Bari. The territory stolen had a surface area of about 16 square kilometers. The city includes a medieval burg and a modern area. The main landmarks include: Bitonto is well known for its production of extra virgin olive oil, which is exported to America and elsewhere in Europe. The city also produces wine, beer, cereals, almonds, and textiles. Recently, Bitonto has also become a popular tourist destination. It has hosted the Beat Onto Jazz Festival since 2001. Bitonto is not directly connected to the Italian national railway system (FS). However, it is serviced by an electric rail line, the Bari–Barletta, operated privately by Ferrotramviaria, and counts two stations: Bitonto and Bitonto Santi Medici. Bitonto is away from the international Karol Wojtyła Airport of Bari. Around Bitonto, there is a ring road looking like a perfect circle from which however the eastmost part is missing . The local association football club is the U.S. Bitonto, and its home ground is the Città degli Ulivi Stadium. Bitonto is twinned with: </doc> <doc id="2338198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338198" title="Edward Bryant"> Edward Bryant Edward Winslow Bryant Jr. (August 27, 1945 – February 10, 2017) was an American science fiction and horror writer sometimes associated with the Dangerous Visions series of anthologies that bolstered The New Wave. At the time of his death, he resided in North Denver. Bryant was born in White Plains, New York. However, he was raised on a cattle ranch in Wyoming. He had strong roots in that state attested to in his collection "Wyoming Sun." He attended school in Wheatland, Wyoming, and received his MA in English from the University of Wyoming in 1968. During the 1950s his uncle, a rodeo star, encouraged his love of film. This perhaps ultimately led to his occasional work in screenplays and as an actor. He was in the films "The Laughing Dead" (1988) and "Ill Met by Moonlight" (1994). He also wrote screenplays for TV shows on channels from CBS, Lifetime and Disney. At the beginning of his career he developed an association with Harlan Ellison, which proved longstanding. This led to collaborative efforts such as the novel "Phoenix Without Ashes", based on Ellison's pilot script for "The Starlost". His writing career began in 1968 with his attendance at the Clarion Workshop. By 1973, he had gained acclaim for stories with a conversational style that mask rather dark realities. His short horror story "Dark Angel", which appeared in Kirby McCauley's anthology "Dark Forces", featured modern-day witch Angela Black. She reappears as the narrator of Bryant's short novel "Fetish". He won two Nebula awards for his short stories, "Stone" (1978) and "giANTS" (1979). He was mostly known as a writer of short fiction; however, he also wrote poetry, nonfiction, reviews, criticism, and edited an e-zine. When Bryant moved to Denver in 1972, he founded the Northern Colorado Writers Workshop, which continues today, and has produced a number of notable writers, including Steve Rasnic Tem, Melanie Tem, John Dunning, Wil McCarthy, Bruce Holland Rogers, Dan Simmons, and Connie Willis. Bryant was a senior editor of Wormhole Books. In addition, he facilitated a number of other writing workshops over the years for writers ranging in skill and experience from amateur to professional. Edward Bryant served as Toastmaster for Denvention II, the 1981 Worldcon, as well as World Fantasy Convention, ArmadilloCon, TusCon, and Death Equinox. He also chaired (and otherwise was a special guest at) multiple years of the World Horror Convention. Although "Flirting With Death" is sometimes listed, as it is here on wiki, as one of Ed Bryant's collections of short fictions, in actuality, such a collection was never published. Hence, the surfeit of uncollected short stories by Edward Bryant. In 2010, various writers & editors including Melanie Tem and Ellen Datlow set up a Crowd-funding page to help Bryant deal with financial emergencies brought on by his ongoing fight against the effects of Type 1 Diabetes. Bryant died at his home in Colorado on February 10, 2017, after a long illness. He was 71. Uncollected short stories. </doc> <doc id="2338202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338202" title="Key Stage 4"> Key Stage 4 Key Stage 4 is the legal term for the two years of school education which incorporate GCSEs, and other examinations, in maintained schools in England normally known as Year 10 and Year 11, when pupils are aged between 14 and 16. (In some schools, KS4 work is started in Year 9.) The term is defined in the Education Act 2002 as "the period beginning at the same time as the school year in which the majority of pupils in his class attain the age of fifteen and ending at the same time as the school year in which the majority of pupils in his class cease to be of compulsory school age". Since that Act, the ending of compulsory education in England has been extended beyond the age of sixteen, but compulsory education beyond the age of 16 is not classed as part of Key Stage 4. The term is used to define the group of pupils who must follow the relevant programmes of study from the National Curriculum. All pupils in this Key Stage must follow a programme of education in the following areas: In addition, there is a statutory duty on schools to provide an optional programme of education for pupils in this Key Stage in each of the following areas: At the end of this stage, pupils aged 16 - in Year 11 - are normally entered for a range of external examinations. Most frequently, these are GCSE (General Certificate of Secondary Education) examinations, although a range of other qualifications is growing in popularity, including NVQ National Vocational Qualifications. These examinations are set by one of the examination boards. Results of examinations at this age are published as part of the Department for Children, Schools and Families' Performance Tables. The term is defined in The Education (Northern Ireland) Order 2006 as "the period beginning at the same time as the next school year after the end of key stage 3 and ending at the same time as he ceases to be of compulsory school age". Notably, the earlier Key Stages are defined as lasting for ten years in total from the start of compulsory education. The term is used to define the group of pupils who must follow the relevant programmes of study from the National Curriculum. All pupils in this Key Stage must follow a programme of education in the nine areas of learning in the curriculum, some of which include specific subject strands: </doc> <doc id="2338204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338204" title="List of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air episodes"> List of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air episodes "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC from September 10, 1990 to May 20, 1996. The show starred Will Smith as a street-smart teenager (a fictitious version of himself) from West Philadelphia who is sent to live with his wealthy relatives in their Bel Air, Los Angeles mansion. His way of life often clashes with his relatives' life. 148 episodes were produced for six seasons. <onlyinclude></onlyinclude> </doc> <doc id="2338211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338211" title="Jim McLean"> Jim McLean James Yuill McLean (born 2 August 1937) is a Scottish former football player, manager and director. He managed Dundee United between 1971 and 1993, becoming the longest-serving and most successful manager in the club's history, winning three major honours. He was also part-time assistant manager to Jock Stein with the Scotland national team for four years, including at the 1982 World Cup. He led Dundee United to their only Scottish Football League title in 1982–83, following Scottish League Cup wins in 1979 and 1980. Under McLean, the club also lost in a further eight domestic cup finals. In European football, McLean's Dundee United reached the European Cup semi-finals in 1984 and the UEFA Cup final in 1987. He became a Dundee United director in 1984 and served as chairman between 1988 and 2000, when he resigned after assaulting a reporter. His involvement with the club finally ended in 2002 when he sold his majority shareholding. His playing career included spells with Hamilton Academical, Clyde, Dundee and Kilmarnock as an inside forward. McLean is a member of a prominent footballing family; his brothers Tommy and Willie were also successful as players and managers. McLean's achievements saw him win the first ever SFWA Manager of the Year award in 1987. He was inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame in 2005. Jim McLean was born into a working-class family in Larkhall, Lanarkshire, on 2 August 1937, the second of three sons of Tom and Annie McLean, and grew up in the nearby village of Ashgill. His maternal grandfather William Yuille had been a professional footballer, playing for Rangers before the First World War. Tom McLean, a baker, had been a promising junior footballer before joining the Plymouth Brethren when he married. The three brothers, Willie, Jim and Tommy, who all went on to become professional football players and managers, had a strict religious upbringing. After leaving school, McLean served an apprenticeship as a joiner, a career he continued to pursue part-time for much of his football career. McLean, who played as an inside forward, began his football career with the local junior club, Larkhall Thistle. He was the third member of the family to play for Larkhall, after his father – who appeared for them in a Scottish Junior Cup semi-final in 1932 – and his brother Willie. In 1956, he started his senior career with Hamilton Academical. He made more than 125 league appearances for Hamilton before leaving in 1960 to join Clyde. After playing in over 100 league games for Clyde, McLean was transferred to Dundee in 1965. His debut for Dundee came at Dens Park on 11 September 1965 when Dundee were beaten 5–0 by Dundee United, their heaviest ever defeat in a Dundee derby. After just under 100 league games, McLean moved on to his final club as a player, Kilmarnock, where he played alongside his brother Tommy. After making a total of 474 appearances and scoring 170 goals in his career, McLean retired from playing in 1970 and returned to Dundee as a coach in July of that year. After he had been coaching at Dundee for 18 months, the club's local rivals Dundee United offered McLean the position of manager to replace the retiring Jerry Kerr in December 1971. He accepted the offer and began his managerial career at the age of 34. McLean immediately started a co-ordinated youth policy which was to produce many fine young players over the two decades which followed. In the short term, he used his knowledge of the Scottish scene to buy experienced players who would allow him to re-shape both the squad and the style of play in line with his approach to coaching. Initially, the club's league form was average, remaining mostly mid-table for the next few years. McLean's first hint of the success he would later achieve was leading the club to its first Scottish Cup final in 1974 and, despite defeat, it proved an important psychological step in McLean's and the club's development. The success of the Cup run was built upon the following season with a finish of fourth place, the club's best finish in the First Division before league restructuring. As McLean's youth policy began to bear fruit, the first of a number of talented young players began to emerge. McLean decided that his team should mount a challenge for the League championship in 1978–79, something of which the club, who had long lived in the shadow of McLean's former employers and rivals Dundee, had never previously proved capable of but after a poor finish in the first season of the new Premier Division, United started to prove that they were serious contenders for domestic honours. In December 1979, McLean guided his team to triumph in the League Cup and retained it a year later. At the same time as the club was enjoying a high standing Scottish football, McLean was gradually building the club's reputation in Europe, with wins over sides like Barcelona, AS Monaco, Borussia Mönchengladbach, PSV Eindhoven, Anderlecht and Werder Bremen. Despite the progress he had made, few believed that McLean and United were potential Premier Division champions, Alex Ferguson's Aberdeen at that time were an emerging force in addition to the Old Firm. But in 1983, profiting from a late run which left those clubs in their wake, that is precisely what McLean's largely home-grown side did. At this time he additionally acted as assistant manager to Jock Stein with the Scotland national team. Rangers, who had seen a decline in their fortunes over the previous few years, offered McLean the job as their manager in 1983. McLean engaged in early negotiations with the club; one of his main problems with the job offer was Rangers' policy of not signing Roman Catholics, a policy McLean found a ridiculous restriction for any employer as well as having signed many talented Catholics with Dundee United. Despite the Rangers chairman assuring him that this policy would be scrapped if he accepted the job, McLean decided that he was happy at Dundee United; his family were happily settled in the Broughty Ferry area of Dundee. McLean also turned down an offer to manage English club Newcastle United in June 1984. Following his team's League success in 1983, Dundee United made their debut in the European Cup. McLean's counter-attacking tactics paired with a pressuring style brought some memorable results in that year's European campaign. McLean inspired United to the semi-finals of that year's competition, a penalty-kick denying them a place in the final. Three years later McLean took the team to a European final, this time in the UEFA Cup, although they were beaten by IFK Gothenburg of Sweden. For the rest of his managerial career McLean continued to secure United's high standing in domestic football, finishing outside the top four clubs only once, and taking the team to a further five Scottish Cup finals, but without winning the trophy. The Dundee United board made McLean a director in 1984; four years later he became chairman and managing director, while still remaining the manager. He retained those joint responsibilities until stepping down as manager in July 1993, after a reign of almost 22 years. He remained as chairman after resigning as manager, stepping down from this role in October 2000 following an attack on BBC Scotland reporter John Barnes. McLean returned briefly in January 2002 as a director but departed a month later. Still a majority shareholder, McLean sold his 42% stake to Eddie Thompson in October 2002, severing his Tannadice ties permanently after more than 30 years. McLean formerly contributed a regular column to the "Daily Record" newspaper, giving his views on football. In October 2006, McLean criticised Eddie Thompson's running of Dundee United in his column, saying he had been a "disaster for the club". This led to the club withdrawing McLean's access "privileges" at Tannadice. McLean was awarded an honorary doctor of law degree by the University of Dundee in 2011, in recognition of his managerial achievements. He was inducted into the Dundee United Hall of Fame in 2015, with the club describing him as "unquestionably, the most successful manager in the club's history, and unlikely to ever be surpassed". As of August 2018, a group of United supporters are organising a fundraising scheme in order to build a statue of McLean outside Tannadice. </doc> <doc id="2338213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338213" title="Key Stage 5"> Key Stage 5 Key Stage 5 is a label used to describe the two years of education for students aged 16-18, or at sixth form, in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, aligning with previous Key Stages as labelled for the National Curriculum. Key Stage 5 is also the stage of education where students go through more intense and challenging courses in very specific subjects like mathematics and physics. This stage is the last stage of secondary education for members of sixth form. When A levels are achieved the students will be able to apply for university. </doc> <doc id="2338216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338216" title="WAND"> WAND WAND is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Decatur, Illinois, United States and serving the Central Illinois region. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and UHF channel 17 from a transmitter, along I-72, between Oreana and Argenta. Owned by Block Communications, the station has studios on South Side Drive in Decatur. The station began operations on June 17, 1953 as WTVP, owned by the Prairie Broadcasting Company of Decatur (the call letters stood for TeleVision Prairie). It broadcast an analog signal on UHF channel 17 from a tower southwest of Decatur. It is the oldest station in central Illinois, and the state's second-oldest station on the UHF band. It initially hoped to pick up programs from all four networks of the time. Those hopes were dashed, and WTVP had to settle for a primary affiliation with ABC and a secondary affiliation with DuMont. It was one of ABC's first fourteen primary affiliates, and one of the few early ABC affiliates on the UHF band that survived the 1950s. Like many stations in medium-sized markets, WTVP initially was not able to get a direct network feed. The station had to rely on kinescopes of ABC and DuMont programming from New York City and the programs often aired two weeks after their live broadcast. By October, however, WTVP was able to get ABC programming live from a microwave link in Danville. At this time, it also took on a secondary CBS affiliation. During the late-1950s, the station was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network. Even after WCIA signed-on from Champaign in November, WTVP continued to air some CBS programs until 1959. WTVP was sold to a Chicago-based group in 1958, only to be sold two years later to Metromedia. In 1961, the station activated a low-powered translator on channel 70 in Champaign. At the time, channel 17 provided only a Grade B ("rimshot") signal to the Champaign/Urbana side of the market and much of that area could not see it at all. Prairie Broadcasting merged with LIN Broadcasting at the end of 1965; channel 17 was LIN's first television property. On February 15, 1966, the call letters changed to the present WAND. Its previous calls currently reside on a PBS member station in Peoria. On October 8, 1966, WAND activated a new tower located between Oreana and Argenta, retaining its original tower as a backup. It was topped with an experimental RCA "Vee-Zee" antenna, one of only two ever put into service. The second antenna was used by WJJY-TV in nearby Jacksonville. It was the first million-watt tower in the state and added Champaign-Urbana to the station's city-grade coverage. As a result, WAND became the first station in the region to provide a city-grade signal to all four of the market's largest cities. At the same time, the channel 70 translator was moved to Danville on channel 68 (with the call sign W68AA). On March 26, 1978, WAND's tower was brought down by a massive ice storm. All but of the tower fell down under the weight of massive sheets of ice. The collapse exposed a serious design flaw in the tower. Due to WAND's location near the bottom of the UHF dial, the antenna had been one of the heaviest ever used for broadcasting. However, the tower had been designed with the specifications of a much lighter antenna, and was thus not properly engineered to handle so much weight. The same storm destroyed the former tower of WJJY (which had gone off the air seven years earlier), which was of a similar design and had been assembled by the same company. WAND was off-the-air for two weeks until it returned to the air from its original tower. The translator was eventually moved back to Champaign still on channel 68. This left Danville without over-the-air programming from ABC for several months. In 1979, WAND activated its current tower, also situated between Oreana and Argenta. It is the tallest broadcasting tower in Illinois. Operating at a full five million watts, it was the most powerful analog signal in the state. Around this time, the station moved the translator back to Danville, this time on channel 31. LIN wholly owned WAND until March 2000 when it sold 67 percent of the station to current owner Block Communications in exchange for 100 percent of WLFI-TV in Lafayette, Indiana. However, LIN continued to operate the station for another seven years as part of the deal. On September 5, 2005, WAND became an NBC affiliate, swapping affiliations with WICS/WICD. The switch came as part of a larger nationwide deal that saw sister station WDTN in Dayton, Ohio join NBC as well. LIN sold its 33 percent share of WAND to Block, along with full operational control of the station, on November 9, 2007. However, WAND's website remained in the old format of most of the other LIN-owned stations of the time until the WAND web site was redesigned in late-2009 or early-2010. In addition to its main signal, WAND can also be seen on two low-powered digital translators: The station's digital channel is multiplexed: WAND shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 17, on February 17, 2009, the original target date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate (which was pushed back to June 12, 2009). The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 18. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 17. On June 6, 2011, the FCC granted WAND a construction permit to move its digital frequency back to its former analog allotment on channel 17; and to operate its digital signal to the maximum 1 million watts—equivalent to 5 million watts for an analog transmitter. In late 1993, a Doppler weather radar was installed atop the station's building in Decatur. Then, in 2006, new technology was introduced called "Live Doppler 4X". This system consists of four real-time National Weather Service radars that run from various locations from Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. WAND also has its own advanced weather vehicle to track severe weather occurring in Central Illinois called "Stormrunner". The vehicle provides real-time WeatherBug observations and streams live video back to the station. In 2009, WAND became the first station in the market to air a half-hour newscast on weekday afternoons at 4:30. This was made possible due to the cancellation of "Deal or No Deal". WAND immediately aired its 5 p.m. newscast making a full hour of local news. In July 2011, WAND moved its 4:30 p.m. show up to 4 and moved "Jeopardy!" back to its original spot at 4:30. On January 27, 2014, WAND expanded its weekday noon broadcast to one hour. It began broadcasting local newscasts in high definition on June 26, 2010, becoming the first commercial television station in the area to make the upgrade. </doc> <doc id="2338220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338220" title="Desiya"> Desiya Desiya was a dance- and house-music project that was fronted by the DJ-remixer-producer Matthew Parkhouse from New York and featured Melissa Yiannakou (now De Sa) on vocals. Its 1992 #1 hit on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart, "Comin' on Strong," was released by Mute/Elektra Records and featured remixes by Tony Humphries, Larry Heard, and Masters at Work. It peaked at #74 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1992. </doc> <doc id="2338230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338230" title="Southern Local Supervoid"> Southern Local Supervoid The Southern Local Supervoid is a tremendously large, nearly empty region of space (a void). It lies next to the Local Supercluster, which contains our galaxy the Milky Way. Its center is 96 megaparsecs away and the void is 112 megaparsecs in diameter across its narrowest width. Its volume is very approximately 600 billion times that of the Milky Way. See volumes of similar orders of magnitude. </doc> <doc id="2338232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338232" title="Horace Bushnell"> Horace Bushnell Horace Bushnell (April 14, 1802February 17, 1876) was an American Congregational minister and theologian. Bushnell was born in the village of Bantam, township of Litchfield, Connecticut. He attended Yale College where he roomed with future magazinist Nathaniel Parker Willis. Willis credited Bushnell with teaching him the proper technique for sharpening a razor. After graduating in 1827, he was literary editor of the "New York Journal of Commerce" from 1828–1829, and in 1829 became a tutor at Yale. Here he initially studied law, but in 1831 he entered the theology department of Yale College. In May, 1833 Bushnell was ordained pastor of the North Congregational church in Hartford, Connecticut. He married Mary Apthorp in 1833 and the couple had three children. Bushnell remained in Hartford until 1859 when, due to extended poor health he resigned his pastorate. Thereafter he held no appointed office, but, until his death at Hartford in 1876, he was a prolific author and occasionally preached. While in California in 1856, for the restoration of his health, he took an active interest in the organization, at Oakland, of the College of California (chartered in 1855 and merged with the University of California in 1869), the presidency of which he declined. As a preacher, Dr Bushnell was very effective. Though not a dramatic orator, he was original, thoughtful and impressive in the pulpit. His theological position may be said to have been one of qualified revolt against the Calvinistic orthodoxy of his day. He criticized prevailing conceptions of the Trinity, the atonement, conversion, and the relations of the natural and the supernatural. Above all, he broke with the prevalent view which regarded theology as essentially intellectual in its appeal and demonstrable by processes of exact logical deduction. To his thinking its proper basis is to be found in the feelings and intuitions of humankind's spiritual nature. He had a marked influence upon theology in America, an influence not so much, possibly, in the direction of the modification of specific doctrines as in the impulse and tendency and general spirit which he imparted to theological thought. Dr Munger's estimate was that "He was a theologian as Copernicus was an astronomer; he changed the point of view, and thus not only changed everything, but pointed the way toward unity in theological thought. He was not exact, but he put God and humanity and the world into a relation that thought can accept while it goes on to state it more fully with ever growing knowledge. Other thinkers were moving in the same direction; he led the movement in New England, and wrought out a great deliverance. It was a work of superb courage. Hardly a theologian in his denomination stood by him, and nearly all pronounced against him." Four of his books were of particular importance: "Christian Nurture" (1847), in which he virtually opposed revivalism and effectively turned the current of Christian thought toward the young ; "Nature and the Supernatural" (1858), in which he discussed miracles and endeavoured to lift the natural into the supernatural by emphasizing the supernatural nature of man; "The Vicarious Sacrifice" (1866), in which he contended for what has come to be known as the moral view of the atonement in distinction from the governmental and the penal or satisfaction theories; and "God in Christ" (1849) (with an introductory Dissertation on Language as related to Thought and Spirit), in which he expressed, it was charged, heretical views as to the Trinity, holding, among other things, that the Godhead is "instrumentally three—three simply as related to our finite apprehension, and the communication of God's incommunicable nature." Attempts were made to bring him to trial, but they were unsuccessful, and in 1852 his church unanimously withdrew from the local consociation, thus removing any possibility of further action against him. To his critics Bushnell formally replied by writing "Christ in Theology" (1851), in which he employs the important argument that spiritual truth can be expressed only in approximate and poetical language, and concludes that an adequate dogmatic theology cannot exist. That he did not deny the divinity of Christ he proved in The Character of Jesus, forbidding his possible "Classification within Men" (1861). He also published "Sermons for the New Life" (1858); "Christ and his Salvation" (1864); "Work and Play" (1864); "Moral Uses of Dark Things" (1868); "Women's Suffrage, the Reform against Nature" (1869); "Sermons on Living Subjects" (1872); and "Forgiveness and Law" (1874). An edition of his works, in eleven volumes, appeared in 1876; and a further volume, gathered from his unpublished papers, as "The Spirit in Man: Sermons and Selections", in 1903. New editions of his "Nature and the Supernatural, Sermons for this New Life, and Work and Play", were published the same year. Bushnell was greatly interested in the civic interests of Hartford, and was the chief agent in procuring the establishment of the first public park in the United States. It was named Bushnell Park in his honor by that city. The Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts, and a residence hall at the University of Hartford are also named for him. </doc> <doc id="2338235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338235" title="Chee Soon Juan"> Chee Soon Juan Chee Soon Juan (, born 20 July 1962) is a Singaporean politician and currently the leader of the Singapore Democratic Party (SDP). A figure in Singapore's political opposition, Chee joined the SDP in 1992, and became its Secretary-General following the departure of the party's founder, Chiam See Tong (with whom Chee and the rest of the party's leadership have had a number of disagreements). The party had three Members of Parliament (MPs) at the time Chee took over as Secretary-General, but was reduced to no MPs at the 1997 general election and has not had any of its members elected to Parliament since then. Chee has been arrested and jailed several times for his political activities, mainly for making speeches and staging public demonstrations without a police permit. He has also been found guilty of defamation on multiple occasions for comments he has made about members of Singapore's governing People's Action Party (PAP). He was previously barred from standing in parliamentary elections because he was declared bankrupt in 2006 after failing to pay damages from a lawsuit owed to two former Singaporean prime ministers, Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong. However, on 24 September 2012, Chee announced that he had raised the sum of S$30,000 needed to pay Lee and Goh. His bankruptcy has since been discharged, which has allowed him to contest the 2015 Singaporean general election. Chee had his early education at Anglo-Chinese School in Singapore. From 1983, he studied psychology at Mansfield University. He earned a bachelor's degree in his field. Chee then trained as a neuropsychologist, earning a PhD from the University of Georgia in 1990. After completing his doctorate, he returned to Singapore to take up a teaching position in the Department of Psychology at the National University of Singapore. In 1992, Chee was recruited to join the Singapore Democratic Party by the party's founder and Secretary-General, Chiam See Tong. Chiam had become the party's first Member of Parliament in 1984 when he was elected to represent the constituency of Potong Pasir. At the 1991 general election, Chiam was joined in Parliament by two further SDP MPs (Ling How Doong as MP for Bukit Gombak and Cheo Chai Chen as MP for Nee Soon Central). Chee was first introduced to the public as a member of the SDP's team to stand in a by-election in the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency in 1992. Chee's candidacy attracted considerable public interest as it was the first time that an academic at a state-run university had stood against the governing People's Action Party in an election. However, the SDP team was unsuccessful in the election, with the PAP winning 72.94% of the votes, the SDP 24.50%, and other smaller parties 2.56%. Shortly after the Marine Parade by-election, Chee became the SDP's Assistant Secretary-General. In 1993, a few months after Chee joined the SDP, he was fired from his position at the National University of Singapore by the Head of the Psychology Department, Dr S Vasoo (who was an MP for the PAP at the time), for allegedly using research funds to send his wife's doctoral thesis to the United States and making false transport claims. Chee denied that he had misused university funds and claimed that he was the victim of a political vendetta. He staged a five-day glucose-coated hunger strike to protest his sacking. After initially backing Chee, Chiam became critical of Chee's hunger strike and his public comments condemning the PAP for his sacking. Chiam wanted to censure Chee for his comments, but the party's Central Executive Committee (CEC) backed Chee. Chiam then resigned as Secretary-General of the party. Chee, as the Assistant Secretary-General, then became the party's Acting Secretary-General (and was subsequently elected as Secretary-General in 1993). After Chiam publicly criticised the CEC, they attempted to expel him from the party (which would have forced him to vacate his seat in Parliament), but Chiam won a court case to prevent them from doing so on procedural grounds. Chiam remained an SDP member and MP until shortly before the 1997 general election, when he left to join the Singapore People's Party (a party founded in 1994 by ex-SDP members who were supportive of Chiam). After taking over as the SDP's Secretary-General, Chee began regularly travelling abroad and to talk about his views on the lack of democracy in Singapore to the foreign media. He also published his second political book, "". In 1994, to respond to criticisms of the book made by Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Chee wrote a letter to "The Straits Times". The PAP's Second Organising Secretary, Matthias Yao (a Parliamentary Secretary and MP for Marine Parade GRC), then wrote to the newspaper to reply to Chee's comments. This led to a two-month-long exchange of letters between Chee and Yao which were published in the paper, which ended with Chee issuing a challenge for Yao to stand against him in a single member constituency at the next general election. At Yao's request, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong agreed to separate Yao's MacPherson ward from the rest of Marine Parade GRC at the next general election so that he could take up Chee's challenge. The SDP's first general election under Chee's leadership in 1997 proved to be a major setback for the party as they failed to win any seats in Parliament. Ling How Doong and Cheo Chai Chen were both defeated in their bids to be re-elected as MPs. And Chee lost the high-profile contest in MacPherson to Matthias Yao by 6,713 (34.86%) votes to 12,546 (65.14%). Meanwhile, Chiam See Tong was re-elected as the MP for Potong Pasir, representing his new party. At the 2001 general election, Chee stood as one of the SDP's candidates in the Jurong Group Representation Constituency. The SDP's team lost to the PAP team by 20.25% of the votes to 79.75%. The SDP's candidates were also unsuccessful in all the other constituencies in which they stood. During the run-up to the election, Chee captured national media attention when he came across then Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong while campaigning at a hawker centre, and used a megaphone to ask him: "Where is the S$18 billion that you have lent to (Indonesian President) Suharto?" The PAP took Chee to task for this, claiming that any accusation that Parliament had been misled about an alleged loan to Suharto was untrue, and demanding that he either apologise or face a defamation lawsuit. Chee apologised a day later, but later retracted his apology. At the 2011 general election, Chee led the SDP into the contest. Although he was barred from standing, he assembled a team of individuals to stand as candidates. The party had envisioned its best team to stand in Holland-Bukit Timah GRC. Its candidates included Tan Jee Say, a former civil servant, Ang Yong Guan, a doctor, Vincent Wijeysingha, a social worker, as well as Michelle Lee, a former employee of the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The team lost, attaining only 39.92% of the vote. On 15 February 2002, Chee made a public speech concerning the ban of Muslim headscarfs in schools at Singapore's Speakers' Corner. For this, he was fined S$3000 because "Although Chee was registered to speak at Speakers' Corner, he did not have an additional police permit required for almost all public events, including concerts and political rallies." On 1 May 2002, Chee staged a rally in front of The Istana (the official residence and office of the President of Singapore), even though his application to the police for a licence to hold the assembly had been denied. Chee was later charged for trespassing and for attempting to hold a rally without a police permit, for which he was sentenced to five weeks in jail. After the 2001 general election, Chee was sued for defamation by Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong and former Prime Minister and elder statesman the late Lee Kuan Yew for remarks he had made during the campaign about an alleged loan to Indonesian President Suharto. Chee lost the lawsuits and was ordered to pay damages of S$300,000 to Goh and S$200,000 to Lee. On 10 February 2006, Chee was declared bankrupt by the High Court after failing to pay the damages owed to Goh and Lee. As an undischarged bankrupt, Chee became ineligible to stand in general elections and was required to seek the Official Assignee's permission before making any trips abroad. On 24 February 2006, Singapore's Attorney-General filed contempt of court charges against Chee for refusing to answer the court's questions and scandalising the Singapore judiciary during the bankruptcy petition hearing on 10 February. As a result, Chee was sentenced to one day in jail and a fine of S$6,000, but he failed to pay the fine and was thus jailed for an additional seven days. In April 2006, Chee was stopped at the airport as he was preparing to board a flight to Istanbul because, as an undischarged bankrupt, he could not leave Singapore without official approval of the Official Assignee, which he had not obtained. Chee was unable to stand in the 2006 general election. In view of that, the SDP did enter candidates in some constituencies, but none were elected. On 20 June 2006, Chee was charged in court for eight counts of speaking in public without a licence between 13 November 2005 and 22 April 2006 in violation of the Public Entertainments and Meeting Act. Two other SDP members were also charged. On 22 August 2006, Chee announced that he was planning to hold protests in Singapore during 61st Annual Meetings of the Boards of Governors of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank Group in September 2006 (as part of Singapore 2006), to protest against the rising income gap and raise awareness of the hardships of working-class people in Singapore. The application for a police permit for the protest was rejected on 30 August 2006. Even without a permit, Chee still used the SDP website to continue to urge people to participate in the protest. On 9 September, Chee was distributing leaflets for an upcoming "Empower Singaporeans Rally and March", when he was stopped by the police for doing so. The police warned the public that anyone participating in Chee's planned rally and march would be committing an offence. On 13 September, Chee invited both World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz and IMF managing director Rodrigo de Rato y Figaredo to his planned rally. At a press conference the next day, Chee announced that his application to be a civil society representative to Singapore 2006 as a representative of the Open Singapore Centre was rejected by the IMF and World Bank. An application by his sister, Chee Siok Chin, to represent the Alliance for Reform and Democracy in Asia was approved by the IMF and World Bank but was rejected by the Singapore government. On 15 September, Chee released a podcast that warned Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong that the Singapore 2006 event was a "public relations disaster" for Singapore. On 16 September, Chee started off the "Empower Singaporeans Rally and March" at 11.00 am at Speakers' Corner in Hong Lim Park, but was stopped by the police who formed a human barricade around him. He then announced that there would be a rally the following day in front of Parliament House. But the police refused to let him leave the park until he called off the protest, so he remained in the park with his supporters. On 17 September, Chee announced his plan to continue his protest by remaining in Hong Lim Park until the start of the IMF and World Bank meetings which were two days away. On 18 September, after hours of negotiations with police, Chee went to Raffles City to hand out pamphlets to the public and then returned to the park. He stopped the protest at noon on 19 September, and proclaimed that the protest had achieved its purpose. He further announced that the 72-hour protest was just a start, and that over the next few months he intended to recruit and train more activists for a campaign to bring pressure on the Singapore government to reform. Despite a rule in Singapore that bans podcasting during elections, Chee released a political podcast on 23 April 2006. However, on the order of the Elections Department, it was taken down by 25 April 2006. Another defamation lawsuit was brought against Chee following an article published in the SDP's party newspaper, "The New Democrat", which questioned the role of the Singapore government in the 2005 National Kidney Foundation scandal. Chee was ordered to pay damages to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew as a result of this. Chee was fined S$5,000. On 23 November 2006, he was jailed for five weeks for failing to pay the fine. Two other SDP members, Gandhi Ambalam and Yap Keng Ho, were also imprisoned. While in prison in November 2006, Chee reportedly became ill, leading to speculation from the SDP that he had been poisoned. A statement released by the SDP noted that Chee was feeling nauseous and dizzy, and was unable to sleep. Four days later, the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) asserted that Chee was treated the "same as other prisoners", and that the SDP's claims were "baseless, malicious and seek to undermine the reputation of the Singapore Prison Service". On 3 December 2006, after the doctor at the Queenstown Remand Prison had found traces of blood in Chee's urine, he was admitted under guard to Changi General Hospital. On 10 December, about a dozen of Chee's supporters, including members of his family, held a protest march starting at the Speakers' Corner and ending at Queenstown Remand Prison, where Chee was incarcerated. Several foreign non-government organisations released statements expressing concerns about Chee's health and treatment in prison. Chee was released on 16 December, two weeks short of his full sentence as a result of good behaviour in jail. Two days later, he published a statement on what happened during his stint in prison. He claimed that his food tray was marked, and that the light in his cell had remained on during the night, causing sleep deprivation. Two days later, the MHA replied to this, claiming "Chee's insinuations about being the victim of a food conspiracy are ridiculous and a product of his own mischief...", and that "Chee's purported 'ailment' in prison served only to provide an expedient story for his associates and foreign supporters to faithfully distort and exploit for political mileage". Chee immediately released another statement rebutting this, claiming "the MHA's statement is riddled with inconsistencies, contradictions and outright lies". On 8 January 2007, a hearing began for charges that Chee had attempted to leave the country without a permit despite being a bankrupt. As a result of this, he was jailed for three weeks. On 15 March 2008, the SDP decided to stage the ""Tak Boleh Tahan"" (Malay for "Can't take it anymore") protests. On 15 March 2008, Chee and 17 others were arrested at a demonstration held outside Parliament and later charged with unlawful assembly. The trial began on 23 October 2008. Chee was not eligible to run for the 2011 general election due to the undischarged bankruptcy. On 11 September 2012, former prime ministers, Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong said they had no objection to accepting Chee's offer to pay the reduced sum of S$30,000 to annul his bankruptcy. On 24 September 2012, Chee announced that he has raised the S$30,000 from the sale of his latest book, "Democratically Speaking", and will be making payment to the Official Assignee in the course of that week. On 23 November 2012, Chee was formally discharged from bankruptcy in court. This allowed him to travel freely outside of Singapore, as well as stand in future General Elections. Chee Soon Juan ran as a candidate of Singapore Democratic Party, in Holland-Bukit Timah GRC for the 2015 general elections. Chee began his campaign by raising the issue of the high cost of living in Singapore, stressing that there was a need for Singaporeans to have an alternative voice in Parliament. In subsequent election rallies, Chee unveiled the SDP's proposals, which included the raising of personal income taxes on the top 1 per cent of taxpayers to the year-2000 level, the introduction of a minimum wage, as well as the creation of a national healthcare plan to be funded by cutting the defense budget by 40 per cent. In response, the People's Action Party (PAP) team described the proposals as "unrealistic", saying that the SDP's policies involved "tax-and-spend" programs that would set Singapore "on the road to (debt-stricken) Greece". Chee responded by saying the PAP had previously criticized the SDP’s ideas, only to adopt them later. According to Chee, the SDP had in the past proposed pooling individual healthcare risks, an idea that has been adopted by the Government, through the implementation of the MediShield Life universal healthcare insurance scheme, as well as the Government’s Fair Consideration Framework, which he stated was an adoption of the SDP’s proposal that employers must try hiring Singaporeans first before considering foreigners. At a PAP rally on 7 September, the PAP team also called to attention Chee's history in ousting Chiam See Tong as secretary-general of SDP in 1993, saying that the PAP "did not have a tradition of "backstabbing" its mentors". In response, Chee, as well as the SDP's Marsiling-Yew Tee GRC candidate Bryan Lim, provided an account of the incidents that led to Chiam’s resignation on the party’s website, saying that Chiam resigned on his own accord. Lina Chiam, the chairman of Singapore People's Party (SPP), confirmed that the two sides had held “friendly talk” on the issue. At the same PAP rally, Sim Ann accused Chee of being adept at "chut pattern", a Singlish phrase meaning being full of antics. Chee responded the following day at a SDP rally by stating that he would not respond to personal attacks and would stay focused on policy issues during the election season, saying, "If you attack, you attack the policy, not the person... In football terms, you play the ball, not the man." Chee also addressed the different target population figures cited by government officials in the past, including the much debated 6.9 million figure in the Population White Paper, asking if the PAP would consider the SDP's proposal to base the optimal population on the happiness of residents, and a point system when bringing in foreigners for skilled jobs. At a rally at UOB Plaza, Chee spoke about income inequality and said that the SDP was "not against wealth, but wealth inequality as the widening income gap harms the common good, erodes cohesiveness and corrodes the values that fosters social cohesiveness." Chee also called for checks on the Government and raised what he described as "failed or questionable decisions" by sovereign wealth fund GIC and investment company Temasek Holdings, implying that the money would have been better used on healthcare as "our hospitals face repeated shortage of beds and have to put patients along hospital corridors and makeshift tents." Chee also explained his decision to stand in Holland-Bukit Timah GRC, which includes wealthy private housing estates, saying that "the wealthy segment of our society cares - and cares deeply - about what is happening around them. I believe that compassion is innate in all of us." Local media reported the popularity Chee had garnered during the election, stating that Chee's "more moderate image" and "articulate speeches proved to be a big draw," adding that "If the buzz on social media and the queues of people that have formed after the Singapore Democratic Party’s (SDP) rallies to have their books signed are any indication, there is considerable interest in SDP chief Chee Soon Juan this General Election." Observers attributed Chee's improved public image to a greater level of transparency and accessibility to information than in the past, as a result of technology like social media. Despite expectations of a close result, Chee was unsuccessful with his team winning only 33.38% of the votes, losing to the incumbent PAP team. Despite his participation, the SDP fared worse in the Holland-Bukit Timah Group Representation Constituency (GRC) than in the 2011 election. Chee described the result in as “hugely disappointing”, but also noted the swing against the Opposition in every other constituency. Chee also raised the possibility of his party "working closer together" with the Workers' Party at the next general election. Chee contested in the Bukit Batok by-election, 2016. He garnered 38.8% of the total votes cast, bringing a swing of -11.78% to the votes favouring the ruling party's hold in the Bukit Batok constituency as compared to the 2015 general elections result. On his election loss, Chee was more opinionated than introspective. In an interview immediately after the announcement of the election results, Chee was critical of the 'vicious campaign' and personal attacks by leaders from the ruling party and the mainstream media. Sympathizers of this view have started an online petition (Singaporeans Against Gutter Politics) during the period leading up to the polling day. Chee is the Chairman of the Asian Alliance for Reforms and Democracy, and has been engaged by the National Endowment for Democracy. Chee's party has been granted observer status to Liberal International, a world federation of liberal political parties. "SDP has signed an agreement with the Commonwealth countries, where Singapore is a party, to include respect for fundamental human rights and civil liberties," said Chee, who had also hired Amsterdam & Peroff to take up his case against the government, whose members have filed lawsuits against news publications that have run Chee's critical comments. "We are trying to pursue this and some of the international community would hopefully pay more attention and encourage Singapore to be part of the civilized world." He has since served as a research fellow at the Monash Asia Institute (1997), the University of Chicago (2001), the Reagan-Fascell Democracy Program at the National Endowment for Democracy in Washington, D.C. (2004), and most recently as a visiting fellow at the University of Sydney (2014). In an op-ed, Chee stated that "free trade agreements cannot continue to ignore human rights." Chee is married to Dr Huang Chih Mei (黄智美). The couple have two daughters, Chee An Lyn and Chee E Lyn, and a son, Chee Shaw Hur. His younger sister Chee Siok Chin is a member of the Singapore Democratic Party. In 2004, Martyn See directed a documentary on Chee called "Singapore Rebel". It was supposed to be screened at the Singapore International Film Festival, but was withdrawn from the festival and later banned by the Singapore government because of its political content. Singapore's Film Act forbids the production and distribution of "party political" films, which are defined as films "made by any person and directed towards any political ends in Singapore". The ban on the film was lifted on 11 September 2009. Chee has written the following books: "*This book is a biography of the said person written by various authors" </doc> <doc id="2338236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338236" title="Francis J. Wiercinski"> Francis J. Wiercinski Lieutenant General Francis J. (Frank) Wiercinski is a retired United States Army officer who was the Commander United States Army Pacific (USARPAC). Wiercinski joined the US Army in 1979. On December 20, 1989, then Captain Wiercinski, Company Commander of Bravo Company, 3/75 Ranger Regiment, led his rangers during a night-time combat jump into Rio Hato, Panama during Operation Just Cause, assisting in the Regiment's successful seizure of the airfield. He was previously the Deputy Commander for Support, of the Multinational Division North, Iraq. The troops under his command were responsible for a large part of Iraq, stretching from Baghdad to the Turkish border, and east and west to the borders of Iran and Syria. During Operation Anaconda (2002), in Afghanistan, Wiercinski (then a colonel) was commander of the 187th Infantry Regiment (a. k. a. "The Rakkasans"), 3rd Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault). </doc> <doc id="2338241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338241" title="Lanczos resampling"> Lanczos resampling Lanczos resampling and Lanczos filtering are two applications of a mathematical formula. It can be used as a low-pass filter or used to smoothly interpolate the value of a digital signal between its samples. In the latter case it maps each sample of the given signal to a translated and scaled copy of the Lanczos kernel, which is a sinc function windowed by the central lobe of a second, longer, sinc function. The sum of these translated and scaled kernels is then evaluated at the desired points. Lanczos resampling is typically used to increase the sampling rate of a digital signal, or to shift it by a fraction of the sampling interval. It is often used also for multivariate interpolation, for example to resize or rotate a digital image. It has been considered the "best compromise" among several simple filters for this purpose. The filter is named after its inventor, Cornelius Lanczos (). The effect of each input sample on the interpolated values is defined by the filter's reconstruction kernel , called the Lanczos kernel. It is the normalized sinc function , windowed (multiplied) by the Lanczos window, or sinc window, which is the central lobe of a horizontally stretched sinc function for . Equivalently, The parameter is a positive integer, typically 2 or 3, which determines the size of the kernel. The Lanczos kernel has lobes: a positive one at the center, and alternating negative and positive lobes on each side. Given a one-dimensional signal with samples , for integer values of , the value interpolated at an arbitrary real argument is obtained by the discrete convolution of those samples with the Lanczos kernel: where is the filter size parameter, and formula_4 is the floor function. The bounds of this sum are such that the kernel is zero outside of them. As long as the parameter is a positive integer, the Lanczos kernel is continuous everywhere, and its derivative is defined and continuous everywhere (even at = , where both sinc functions go to zero). Therefore, the reconstructed signal too will be continuous, with continuous derivative. The Lanczos kernel is zero at every integer argument , except at = 0, where it has value 1. Therefore, the reconstructed signal exactly interpolates the given samples: we will have = for every integer argument = . Lanczos filter's kernel in two dimensions is The theoretically optimal reconstruction filter for band-limited signals is the sinc filter, which has infinite support. The Lanczos filter is one of many practical (finitely supported) approximations of the sinc filter. Each interpolated value is the weighted sum of consecutive input samples. Thus, by varying the parameter one may trade computation speed for improved frequency response. The parameter also allows one to choose between a smoother interpolation or a preservation of sharp transients in the data. For image processing, the trade-off is between the reduction of aliasing artefacts and the preservation of sharp edges. Also as with any such processing, there are no results for the borders of the image. Increasing the length of the kernel increases the cropping of the edges of the image. The Lanczos filter has been compared with other interpolation methods for discrete signals, particularly other windowed versions of the sinc filter. Turkowski and Gabriel claimed that the Lanczos filter (with = 2) the "best compromise in terms of reduction of aliasing, sharpness, and minimal ringing", compared with truncated sinc and the Bartlett, cosine-, and Hann-windowed sinc, for decimation and interpolation of 2-dimensional image data. According to Jim Blinn, the Lanczos kernel (with = 3) "keeps low frequencies and rejects high frequencies better than any (achievable) filter we've seen so far." Lanczos interpolation is a popular filter for "upscaling" videos in various media utilities, such as AviSynth and FFmpeg. Since the kernel assumes negative values for , the interpolated signal can be negative even if all samples are positive. More generally, the range of values of the interpolated signal may be wider than the range spanned by the discrete sample values. In particular, there may be ringing artifacts just before and after abrupt changes in the sample values, which may lead to clipping artifacts. However, these effects are reduced compared to the (non-windowed) sinc filter. For "a" = 2 (a three-lobed kernel) the ringing is < 1%. The method is one of the interpolation options available in the free software GNU Image Manipulation Program (GIMP). One way to visualise the ringing effect is to rescale a black and white block graphic and select Lanczos interpolation. When using the Lanczos filter for image resampling, the ringing effect will create light and dark halos along any strong edges. While these bands may be visually annoying, they help increase the perceived sharpness, and therefore provide a form of edge enhancement. This may improve the subjective quality of the image, given the special role of edge sharpness in vision. In some applications, the low-end clipping artifacts can be ameliorated by transforming the data to a logarithmic domain prior to filtering. In this case the interpolated values will be a weighted geometric mean, rather than an arithmetic mean, of the input samples. The Lanczos kernel does not have the partition of unity property. That is, the sum formula_6 of all integer-translated copies of the kernel is not always 1. Therefore, the Lanczos interpolation of a discrete signal with constant samples does not yield a constant function. This defect is most evident when = 1. Also, for = 1 the interpolated signal has zero derivative at every integer argument. This is rather academic, since using a single-lobe kernel ("a" = 1) loses all the benefits of the Lanczos approach and provides a poor filter. There are many better single-lobe, bell-shaped windowing functions. </doc> <doc id="2338242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338242" title="Adolphus Busch Hall"> Adolphus Busch Hall Adolphus Busch Hall is a Harvard University building located at 27 Kirkland Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It is named for brewer and philanthropist Adolphus Busch, former president of the Anheuser-Busch company, who contributed $265,000 to its building fund. The hall was designed by architect German Bestelmeyer to house Harvard's Germanic Museum. Its cornerstone was laid in 1912 and the building completed in 1917, but it was not opened to the public until 1921, officially because of a lack of coal. The Germanic Museum evolved into the Busch-Reisinger Museum, the only museum in North America dedicated to the study of art from the German-speaking countries of Central and Northern Europe. The Busch-Reisinger was located in Adolphus Busch Hall from 1921-1991 and the hall continues to house the Busch-Reisinger's founding collection of medieval plaster casts, as well as an exhibition on the history of the museum. The hall also hosts concerts on its Flentrop pipe organ, which was made famous by organist E. Power Biggs, who broadcast and recorded his long-playing records there. The hall is also home to Harvard's Minda de Gunzberg Center for European Studies. Its courtyard contains a copy of the Brunswick Lion. </doc> <doc id="2338243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338243" title="School shark"> School shark The school shark ("Galeorhinus galeus") is a houndshark of the family Triakidae, and the only member of the genus "Galeorhinus". Common names also include tope shark, snapper shark, and soupfin shark. It is found worldwide in temperate seas at depths down to about . It can grow to nearly long. It feeds both in midwater and near the seabed, and its reproduction is ovoviviparous. This shark is caught in fisheries for its flesh, its fins, and its liver, which has a very high vitamin A content. The IUCN has classified this species as "vulnerable" in its Red List of Threatened Species. The school shark is a small, shallow-bodied shark with an elongated snout. The large mouth is crescent-shaped and the teeth are of a similar size and shape in both jaws. They are triangular-shaped, small, and flat, set at an oblique angle facing backwards, serrated and with a notch. The spiracles are small. The first dorsal fin is triangular with a straight leading edge and is set just behind the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin is about the same size as the anal fin and is set immediately above it. The terminal lobe of the caudal fin has a notch in it and is as long as the rest of the fin. School sharks are dark bluish grey on their upper (dorsal) surfaces and white on their bellies (ventral surface). Juveniles have black markings on their fins. Mature sharks range from for males and for females. The school shark has a widespread distribution and is found mainly near the seabed around coasts in temperate waters, down to depths around . It occurs in the Northeast Atlantic and Mediterranean Sea, where it is uncommon and the Southwest Atlantic where it occurs between Patagonia and southern Brazil. It also occurs around the coast of Namibia and South Africa. It is present in the Northeast Pacific where it occurs between British Columbia and Baja California, and in the Southeast Pacific off Chile and Peru. It also occurs round the southern coasts of Australia, including Tasmania, and New Zealand. The school shark is a migratory species. Animals tagged in the United Kingdom have been recovered in the Azores, the Canary Islands, and Iceland. Tagged individuals in Australia have travelled distances of along the coast and others have turned up in New Zealand. The school shark feeds primarily on fish. Examination of stomach contents of fish caught off California showed that they were not fussy eaters and consumed whatever fish were plentiful at the time. Their diet was predominantly sardines, midshipmen, flatfish, rockfish, and squid. Feeding is done both in open water and near the seabed as sardines and squid are pelagic animals, while the remainder are benthic species. The school shark is ovoviviparous; its eggs are fertilised internally and remain in the uterus where the developing foetus feeds on the large yolk sac. Males become mature at a length around and females around . The gestation period is about one year and the number of developing pups carried varies with the size of the mother, averaging between about 28 and 38. Pups in the same litter may have different sires, possibly because females are able to store sperm for a long time after mating. The females have traditional "pupping" areas in sheltered bays and estuaries where the young are born. The juvenile fish remain in these nursery areas when the adults move off to deeper waters. The meat of the school shark is consumed in Andalusian cuisine, where it is usually known as "cazón". Among recipes are the traditional "cazón en adobo" in the mainland, and "tollos" in the Canary Islands. In Mexican cuisine, the term "cazón" refers to other species, and is prepared similarly. In the United Kingdom, the flesh is sometimes used in "fish and chips" as a substitute for the more usual cod or haddock. In Greek cuisine, it is known as "galéos" (γαλέος) and usually is served with skordaliá (σκορδαλιά), a dip made of mashed potatoes or wet white bread, with mashed garlic and olive oil. Before 1937, the school shark was caught in California to supply a local market for shark fillet, and the fins were dried and sold in the Far East. Around that date, laboratory tests on its liver showed that it was higher in vitamin A content than any other fish tested. Subsequent to this discovery, it became the subject of a much larger-scale fishery which developed as a result of the high prices obtainable for the fish and its liver. It became the main source of supply for vitamin A in the United States during World War II, but was overexploited, populations were reduced, and the numbers of fish caught dwindled. Its oil was replaced by a similar product from the spotted spiny dogfish ("Squalus suckleyi") and subsequently by lower-potency fish oils from Mexico and South America. The school shark, along with the gummy shark, is the most important species in the southern Australian commercial fishery. It is fished throughout its range and heavily exploited. The IUCN lists the school shark as "vulnerable" in its Red List of Threatened Species. Although it is widely distributed, it is threatened by overexploitation in many parts of its range, where it is targeted for its liver oil, flesh, and fins. It is caught primarily by gillnets and longline fishing and to a lesser extent by trawling. Pups are sometimes caught inshore and some nursery areas are subject to siltation and their habitat may become degraded. Deep-sea cables and the magnetic field caused by the current flow may disrupt migration routes. In 2010, Greenpeace International added the school shark to its seafood red list. </doc> <doc id="2338244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338244" title="Philip Jeyaretnam"> Philip Jeyaretnam Philip Antony Jeyaretnam, SC (born 1964) is the Singapore chief executive officer and global vice-chair at Dentons. He is a Senior Counsel and a former President of the Law Society of Singapore. He is also a Singaporean lawyer and novelist. He is the son of Joshua Benjamin Jeyaretnam, who was a prominent opposition politician in Singapore. His brother, Kenneth Jeyaretnam, is the secretary-general of the opposition Reform Party. Philip received his early education at Raeburn Park School and the United World College of South East Asia in Singapore, and at the Charterhouse School in Surrey, England. He then went on to Corpus Christi College at Cambridge University, where he read Law and graduated with First Class Honours in 1986. He was admitted to the Singapore Bar in 1987, and was conferred the title of Senior Counsel in 2003, when he was only 38, one of the youngest lawyers to be appointed senior counsel. Philip is the younger son of the late-Singaporean opposition politician, J.B. Jeyaretnam (who was the first opposition politician to be elected to Parliament in post-independence Singapore), and Margaret Walker. This makes Philip of Sri Lankan Tamil and English descent. Growing up, he was "inspired by both [his] parents who were lawyers". He found his father's court work "exciting" due to "the probing, the cut and thrust, the interplay between two opponents" which "appealed to [his] competitive streak". Philip also said that his "best days are spent right in the thrust of battle in court" where he gets to "uncover things, to get to the truth". His older brother, Kenneth Jeyaretnam, is currently an opposition politician in Singapore (leading the Reform Party, which was founded by his father shortly before his death in 2008). On 1 January 2011, Philip was appointed as managing partner of Rodyk & Davidson LLP, one of Singapore's leading law firms. In 2016, he led the firm's combination with Dentons, forming Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP. He holds the positions of Singapore chief executive officer and global vice-chair at Dentons. Philip is recognised as an expert in arbitration, construction law and litigation in major legal publications. Described by Legal500 as a 'star' and 'master tactician' in 2014, Philip's recent and significant cases include representing The Wall Street Journal on issues arising from its coverage of the 1MDB affair and defending the Papua New Guinea Sustainable Development Programme against a suit by the Government of Papua New Guinea. Philip is a member of the Singapore Public Service Commission and the Presidential Council for Minority Rights. He has served as the Chairman of Maxwell Chambers since 2010 and is a member of the SIAC Regional Panel of Arbitrators. In July 2005, Philip was appointed as a board member of the Singapore National Kidney Foundation by the then Minister for Health to help restore proper governance and public trust. He is a former President of the Law Society of Singapore, and was Founding Chairman of the Society of Construction Law from 2002 to 2004. Philip used to chair the Board of Trustees for the nonprofit arts group the Practice Performing Arts School, founded by the late theatre doyen Kuo Pao Kun. In his view, the arts are as important as any other elements in the growth of a society. Writers, artists, composers, directors – whom he terms "ideas people" – are needed for a lively arts scene and that more should be done to encourage new ideas from artists. He also called for greater support from the private sector for "the serious arts", since the popular arts are commonly "funded by the market and community organisations". Philip's collection of short stories, "First Loves", published in Singapore in 1987, claimed record sales on Singapore's "Sunday Times" bestseller book list. It won him the compliment as Singapore's "home-grown Maugham". "First Loves" and his debut novel "Raffles Place Ragtime" (1988) were both nominated for the Commonwealth Writers Prize (South-east Asia and the South Pacific). His second novel, "Abraham's Promise" (1995) won a highly commended book award from the National Book Development Council of Singapore. He was presented with the 'Young Artist of the Year' award in 1993, the Montblanc-NUS Centre for the Arts Literary Award in 1997, and a S.E.A. Write Award in 2003. In 1990, he was a Fulbright Fellowship visitor to the University of Iowa International Writing Program and to the Harvard Law School. He was also an Adjunct Professor with the Department of Building at the National University of Singapore from 2005 to 2013. In 2015, "Abraham's Promise" was selected by "The Business Times" as one of the Top 10 English Singapore books from 1965–2015, alongside titles by Arthur Yap and Daren Shiau. </doc> <doc id="2338248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338248" title="WBUI"> WBUI WBUI is the CW-affiliated television station licensed to Decatur, Illinois, United States and serving the Central Illinois region. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 22 (or virtual channel 23.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Whitmore Township (between Oreana and I-72). WBUI is owned by GOCOM Media as part of a duopoly with Springfield-licensed Fox affiliate WRSP-TV, channel 55 (and its semi-satellite station, Urbana-licensed WCCU, channel 27). Both stations are operated through joint sales and shared services agreements by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, making them sisters to Springfield-licensed ABC affiliate WICS, channel 20 (and its full-time satellite, Champaign-licensed WICD, channel 15). All of the television stations share studios together on East Cook Street in Springfield's Eastside. However, WBUI also operates an advertising sales office on South Main Street/U.S. 51 in downtown Decatur. The station signed-on May 14, 1984 as WFHL and was owned by the local Foursquare Church. One half of the station's programming was Christian programming with shows such as "The 700 Club" and local religious programs. The station's original studios were located on North Parkway Court in Decatur. The other half of the schedule consisted of recent barter cartoons, some older cartoons, family-oriented off-network drama shows, classic sitcoms, westerns, and old movies. In 1998, the station was sold to Paxson Communications who renamed the station WPXU. The station replaced most hours of programming with infomercials until it joined the company's Pax network at its launch on August 31, 1998. At that point, the syndicated shows aired by previous ownership were dropped entirely. On October 5, WPXU added a secondary affiliation with UPN as did several other Paxson-owned stations. ACME Communications acquired the station from Paxson on June 2, 1999 and changed it to WB affiliate WBUI. (Paxson, now Ion Media Networks, promptly moved the WPXU-TV call letters to its station in Jacksonville, North Carolina). At this point, some of the syndicated shows previously airing on the station returned along with mix of classic sitcoms and cartoons. Even after the sale, the station retained its secondary UPN affiliation with ACME expanding the arrangement to KPLR-TV in St. Louis and WBXX-TV in Knoxville by 2000. When WCFN (now WCIX) joined UPN in 2002, WBUI became a sole WB affiliate. Gradually from about 2000 until 2005, the station phased out most cartoons and classic sitcoms for more recent sitcoms, talk shows, and court shows. In September 2006 with the merge between UPN and The WB, WBUI (owned by a former WB network executive) took The CW affiliation by default while WCFN joined the other new broadcast television network, MyNetworkTV. On June 20, 2007, GOCOM Media announced its intent to purchase this station from ACME Communications. The sale was approved on September 14 by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) which waived its duopoly rules for the sale. The Central Illinois market did not have enough station owners at the time to legally permit another duopoly under normal conditions (there was already an existing duopoly in the market, Nexstar Broadcasting's WCIA and WCFN) but ACME claimed it was losing money on WBUI and could not find a buyer that did not require a duopoly waiver. The sale to GOCOM Media officially closed on October 25, 2007. At that point, the station consolidated its operations from its original studios at North Parkway Court in Decatur into WRSP's facilities in Springfield. On December 31, 2012, the Sinclair Broadcast Group closed on the purchase of the non-license assets of GOCOM's three television stations (WRSP/WCCU and sister station WBUI) for approximately $25.6 million. Sinclair provides sales and other non-programming services to the stations pursuant to shared services and joint sales agreements. Both WBUI and WRSP were initially operated from separate facilities from WICS/WICD. However, WCCU quickly moved its advertising sales operation from its location on South Neil Street/U.S. 45 in Champaign into WICD's studios. Eventually, WRSP and WBUI also moved from their offices on Old Rochester Road in Springfield and were consolidated into WICS' facility. Through a previous arrangement with WICS, the ABC outlet's weekday morning meteorologist provided WBUI with weather forecasts seen on-air (during its airing of "The Daily Buzz") and through its website that were taped in advance. The segments were appropriately titled "C-More Weather" (owing to its CW affiliation). WBUI no longer offers "The Daily Buzz" as part of its schedule. The station's digital channel is multiplexed: WBUI shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 23, on February 17, 2009, the original target date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate (which was later pushed back to June 12, 2009). The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 22. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 23. </doc> <doc id="2338252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338252" title="Piopio"> Piopio Piopio may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338255" title="Mike Hawash"> Mike Hawash Maher Mofeid "Mike" Hawash is a Palestinian-born American engineer who was convicted and sentenced to a seven-year prison sentence in 2003 for conspiring to aid the Taliban in fighting against U.S. forces and their allies in Afghanistan. Six weeks after 9/11, Hawash secretly traveled to China with a group of Portland-area Muslims, dubbed the Portland Seven, with the intent of entering Afghanistan to aid the Taliban. Hawash and his fellow conspirators were unable to reach Afghanistan due to visa problems, according to federal authorities, Over a year later, after continuing to live and work near Portland, Hawash was arrested outside his office at Intel, setting off a heated debate about material witness arrest and detention and the USA PATRIOT Act, and galvanizing a movement to free Hawash. Hawash eventually pleaded guilty to conspiring to aid the Taliban in exchange for a reduced, seven-year sentence. He was released from prison in early 2009. Mike Hawash was born in Nablus in the West Bank on December 12, 1964. A Jordanian citizen, in 1990 Hawash became a naturalized U.S. citizen. Hawash emigrated to the United States in 1984 and attended the University of Texas at Arlington where he obtained degrees in Computer Science and Engineering. He was employed by Compaq as an engineer from 1989 through 1992, when he was hired by Intel and moved to Portland, Oregon. Hawash worked at Intel’s Israel facility from 1994 to 1996 and continued working for Intel until 2001. He was co-author of the 1997 book "DirectX, RDX, RSX, and MMX Technology". In 1995, he married a Christian woman from rural Oregon, and together they had two children. Hawash's wife had a child from a previous marriage. Around 2000, Hawash began to drift toward a more fundamentalist Islam, in part as a reaction to the death of his father. Masjed as-Saber was a major donor to the Global Relief Foundation, a Muslim charity "shut down in late 2001 over allegations of fund-raising and money-laundering for terrorist groups," and a charity to which Hawash had contributed $10,000. After the 9/11 attacks, according to neighbors, Hawash became increasingly withdrawn and unfriendly. Hawash later testified that he believed Muslims could not have been responsible for the 9/11 attacks, and that "retaliation against the Taliban for harboring al Qaeda in Afghanistan was wrong." According to federal authorities, Hawash met the other conspirators, later dubbed the Portland Seven, at his new mosque. These included Habis Abdulla al Saoub, a Jordanian; Muhammad Ibrahim Bilal and his brother, Ahmed Ibrahim Bilal, Americans of Saudi heritage; as well as Jeffrey Leon Battle and Patrice Lumumba Ford, two African-American Muslims, and October Martinique Lewis (Battle's ex-wife). "The men began calling themselves muhajid and referring to Saoub as their emir. They adopted the name Katibat al Mawt — The Squad of Death." Hawash traveled alone to China, meeting up with the other five men. After numerous unsuccessful attempts by the group to obtain visas to gain entry into Afghanistan, Hawash returned to the United States, where he arranged to get $2,000 to al Saoub in China. In October 2002, the six members of the group other than Hawash were indicted and four were arrested. Ahmed Bilal and Al Saoub remained fugitives. In March 2003, Hawash was also arrested as a material witness, and after a five-week detention was charged. In September 2003 the group, now dubbed "The Portland Seven", "were all named in the 15-count superseding indictment that included charges of conspiracy to levy war against the United States, conspiracy to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda, conspiracy to contribute services to al Qaeda and the Taliban, conspiracy to possess and discharge firearms in furtherance of crimes of violence, possessing firearms in furtherance of crimes of violence and money laundering." On March 20, 2003, federal authorities arrested Hawash in the parking lot of Intel. He is reported to have said, “I’ve been expecting you.” Hawash was initially arrested and detained as a material witness and was held for over five weeks without charge. During this period, Hawash declined to testify before a grand jury, invoking his Fifth Amendment right. He was eventually charged with traveling to China to aid the Taliban. As Hawash was arrested, his house was searched by armed FBI agents in the presence of his wife and their three children. Hawash's wife later told authorities that her husband had told her that he had been in China on business. Hawash became a cause célèbre due to the nature of his arrest: he was held in solitary confinement and with limited access to attorneys for over five weeks under a material witness warrant, and evidence against him was sealed and presented in closed court. This sparked some elements of the controversy surrounding Hawash's arrest and detention. Hawash's former boss, Intel Vice-President Steven McGeady, led a group of former Intel employees who protested Hawash's detention without charge and demanded his release. They staged protests and set up a defense fund and website. The New York Times quoted McGeady describing Hawash's pre-trial detention as "Alice in Wonderland meets Franz Kafka." After Hawash was formally charged, McGeady, acting as spokesman for Hawash's family, said "People who know Mike believe the idea that Mike would have fought for the Taliban in Afghanistan is completely absurd and that he ultimately will be cleared" and “We hope that once a jury hears what happened, they’ll realize that a mistake was made.” Hawash's attorney, Stephen Houze said “It’s our intention to shed the light of day on what has been a dark cloud of secrecy,” stating that he would use his pre-trial discovery powers to compel the United States to declassify any evidence it plans to use in the case. “This is America,” he added. “We have an open court system.” Some of the evidence against Hawash and the Portland Seven was gathered by Khalid Mustafa, a "small-time criminal" who infiltrated Hawash's mosque and recorded conversations with Battle. The most significant evidence against Hawash and the Portland Seven was gathered (under provisions from the USA Patriot Act) from emails the men had sent each other. In August 2003, Hawash surprised his supporters by pleading guilty to one charge in exchange for a reduced sentence. According to Fox News, Hawash pleaded guilty to conspiring to provide services to the Taliban. Prosecutors agreed to drop charges of conspiring to levy war against the United States and conspiring to provide material support for terrorism. U.S. District Judge Robert E. Jones asked Hawash during the hearing "You and the others in the group were prepared to take up arms, and die as martyrs if necessary, to defend the Taliban. Is this true?" Hawash replied "Yes, your honor." In his allocution at sentencing he noted he had had misgivings on the way and had come home shortly afterward. "It's something that I have done that is completely out of my character," Hawash said. "It's not something ingrained in me or something that I do. It was just a diversion in my life, and I clearly know that it's an unlawful act that I have done." Hawash also noted that the federal government had treated him fairly and with dignity. Hawash received a seven-year sentence (as opposed to a potential twenty-year sentence) in exchange for testifying against some of his fellow conspirators. Sentencing Judge Jones commented to Hawash at his sentencing that "you hurt your religion very deeply," and that Hawash had offered to cooperate with the government only after being indicted. The judge went on to say "I'm convinced that you will never again commit a criminal act." The other living members of the Portland Seven were also sentenced in separate trials: Habis al Saoub was never captured and has been confirmed dead by authorities in Afghanistan. Ford and Battle are each serving eighteen-year sentences. Lewis, who did not travel with the group, was sentenced to three years in a federal prison camp. Muhammad Bilal received an eight-year sentence, while Ahmed Bilal got ten years. According to the Assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case, "This was an important case in the battle against terrorism. It's one example of a number of cases around the country where a small group of people are enamored of the concept of violent jihad. These people are dangerous. They need to be stopped." Reactions among Hawash's supporters were mixed. "The group offered to refund any of the $25,000 that had been collected earlier, and a few donors took them up on it." Hawash was released from prison in 2009, after serving most of his seven-year sentence. </doc> <doc id="2338256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338256" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia"> Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, also known as the Philadelphia Fed and the Philly Fed – headquartered at 10 N. Independence Mall West (N. 6th Street) at Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with an additional entrance at N. 7th Street – is responsible for the Third District of the Federal Reserve, which covers eastern and central Pennsylvania, the nine southern counties of New Jersey, and Delaware. Its geographical territory is by far the smallest in the system, and its population base is the second-smallest (next to the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis). The current President of the Philadelphia Fed is Patrick T. Harker. The Philadelphia Fed conducts research on both the national and regional economy. Its regional manufacturing index is the second of the regional manufacturing reports released every month (the New York Fed's Empire State Index is now released earlier), but it is still very important to the financial community as a proxy for nationwide manufacturing conditions. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia publishes a quarterly survey of professional economic forecasters, the Survey of Professional Forecasters, also called "The Anxious Index". It is a highly predictive report on the prospects for the Economy of the United States. It also publishes a quarterly publication entitled Business Review. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia also publishes the Livingston Survey and the Greenbook data sets. The following people serve on the board of directors . Terms expire on December 31 of their final year on the board. Notes </doc> <doc id="2338259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338259" title="Gadget (disambiguation)"> Gadget (disambiguation) A gadget is a small technological object such as a device or an appliance that has a particular function, but is often thought of as a novelty. Gadget may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338260" title="1980s in Hong Kong"> 1980s in Hong Kong 1980s in Hong Kong marks a period when the territory was known for its wealth and trademark lifestyle. Hong Kong would be recognised internationally for its politics, entertainment and skyrocketing real estate prices. After being made a crown colony since 1843, the status of Hong Kong was changed effectively under the "British Nationality Act 1981", which came into force on 1 January 1983. The Act renamed all existing British colonies to dependent territories. The renaming did not change how the government operated but it affected the nationality status of Hong Kong's then over 5 million inhabitants, most of whom were to become British Dependent Territory citizens – a status that could no longer be transmitted by descent. Regardless of the competing claims for sovereignty, China's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping recognised that Hong Kong, with its free market economy, could not be assimilated into the People's Republic overnight and that any attempt to do so would not be in the interests of either. He advocated a more pragmatic approach known as the one country, two systems policy, in which Hong Kong (as well as Macau, and potentially also Taiwan) would be able to retain their economic systems within the PRC. On 19 December 1984, the Sino-British Joint Declaration on the Question of Hong Kong (The Joint Declaration) was signed between the PRC and UK governments. Under this agreement, Hong Kong would cease to be a British Dependent Territory on 1 July 1997 and would thenceforth be a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of the PRC. Citizens opposed to the handover led to the first wave of emigration. Hong Kong's population topped five million just at the beginning of the 1980s, and rose at an annual average rate of 1.3% over the next ten years. The additional 700,000 residents raised the population to 5.73 million at the end of the decade. The population of females rose 1.5% per annum, faster than that for males (1.4% p.a.), although females would remain a minority until 1996. The decade also saw the first signs of population ageing, as the number of residents under the age of 25 fell by 1.2%. Households shrank in size from an average of 4.01 occupants in 1982 (the earliest available data) to 3.67 at decade's end. The 1980s were also characterised by the lowest population increase due to net migration (30.1%), as opposed to natural expansion. From 1978 to September 1980, nearly 23,000 illegal immigrants from Mainland China entered Hong Kong. The government abolished the "touch-base" policy on 23 October 1980. After this date, any illegal immigrants captured would be sent back to their originating countries immediately. There were public outcries in the early 1980s over decreasing wages due to the large influx of mainland immigrants raising supply against demand. On the other hand, citizens of Hong Kong were beginning to immigrate to the UK, Canada and United States in large numbers due to the uncertainty of the handover in 1997. From 1980 to 1986, an estimated 21,000 people left Hong Kong permanently every year. Beginning in 1987, the numbers rose sharply to 48,000 people a year. In the early 1980s, Hong Kong's education system could only accommodate 2% of the youth who wanted to seek higher education. It was not until 1989 that the government decided to expand the programs domestically. Prior to this, it was expected that higher education should be gained abroad. Two special institutes opened to train young athletes and performers, respectively. The Jubilee Sports Centre opened in 1982 while the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts was founded in 1984 to educate students of the performing arts, music, and related technical professions. The mid-'80s saw the popularising of the Walkman. It was one of the key factors in contributing to the rise of the cantopop culture. Leslie Cheung, Anita Mui and Alan Tam were among the biggest pop stars. Other shows related to Super Sentai and Transformers were translated and broadcast regularly. The franchising of toy stores such as Toys "R" Us flooded the malls of Hong Kong. Japanese import stores like Sogo in Causeway Bay also made Hello Kitty a cultural icon. The performing arts received a boost in the 1980s with the opening of numerous new Urban Council performance venues including the Tsuen Wan Town Hall (1980), Tuen Mun Town Hall (1987), Sha Tin Town Hall (1987), Hong Kong Cultural Centre (1989) and Sheung Wan Civic Centre (1989). Domestic movies in the late '80s would put Hong Kong cinema on the international map. Jackie Chan was recognised for his acrobatic displays and his stunt team. Chow Yun-fat was known for his TV drama performances. His collaboration with John Woo set the de facto standard for triad films in A Better Tomorrow. In the 1980s there were 10 Typhoons which had a signal of number 8 and 1 Typhoon 10, The 3 worst typhoons were Typhoon Ellen, Typhoon Gordon and Typhoon Joe. The longest typhoon 8 was Severe Tropical Storm Lynn which had Typhoon 8 status for 28 hours and 45 Minutes. In response to China's Tiananmen Square protests on 27 May 1989, over 300,000 people gathered at Victoria Park for a gathering called "Democratic songs dedicated for China". Many famous Hong Kong and Taiwan artists performed and expressed their support for the students in Beijing. The massacre in Tiananmen Square on 4 June 1989 shocked the public. More than one million residents demonstrated to express their sorrow. In the early 1980s, younger Hong Kong workers began avoiding the manufacturing industry entirely. Hong Kong's on-going evolution away from manufacturing picked up steam during the decade, as production's share of the economy fell from 22.8% in 1980 to 16.7% ten years later. Replacing it was a greater reliance on services, which rose from 68.3% to 75.4% of GDP. The fastest growing sectors were foreign trade, logistics and communications and general personal and community services. The lack of investment in domestic industry, along with China's economic reform, began opening up manufacturing to the mainland. Middle-aged men and women who had spent decades in manufacturing were suddenly left with no place to go. In 1960, the University of Hong Kong and Hong Kong Technical College were one of the first schools to offer real estate education, but the curriculum was considered a sub program. In 1981, the University of Hong Kong became the first institution to be accredited by the RICS. It was the first step in connecting real estate education and the industry itself. By 1983, 61% of capital investments belonged to the real estate sector. The amount of money entering the communities for infrastructure expenses in the 1980s eclipsed the sum of all real estate investments from 1940 to 1979. An up-to-date understanding of the industry along with the high-density population provided many with the opportunity to capitalise on realty sales. Areas like Lan Kwai Fong were improving at the time and became an "alternative" or "open" avenue to attract people who wanted things to be different. If construction was not open before, many areas found themselves redeveloping. The lack of foreign-exchange control, and low tax, contributed to the competitiveness of Hong Kong's economy. Though a floating rate, coupled with panic about intensified political talk of the handover, sent consumer confidence to an all-time low, causing Black Saturday in 1983. The end result was that Hong Kong adopted a linked exchange rate system. The exchange rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the :United States dollar was fixed at HKD $7.8 = US$1. The Hong Kong Monetary Authority's exchange fund was responsible for keeping the market rate stable. In the short period from just a decade previously, inflation would also increase from 5% in the 1970s to 12.7% by 1983. The Modified Initial System, the first line of the Mass Transit Railway (MTR), was officially opened by Princess Alexandra in February 1980. Over the course of the 1980s the MTR expanded rapidly. An extension to Tsuen Wan opened in 1982, while the more technically challenging Island Line opened in 1986. The new metro system was instantly successful at attracting heavy patronage. In addition, the much older Kowloon–Canton Railway (KCR) was fully modernised in the early 1980s. It was double-tracked and electrified. New stations were built to serve growing new towns and new housing estates, while many several older stations were closed. The KCR also opened a new light rail network in 1988 to link the new towns of Yuen Long and Tuen Mun. </doc> <doc id="2338263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338263" title="Redundancy theory of truth"> Redundancy theory of truth According to the redundancy theory of truth (or the disquotational theory of truth), asserting that a statement is true is completely equivalent to asserting the statement itself. For example, asserting the sentence " 'Snow is white' is true" is equivalent to asserting the sentence "Snow is white". Redundancy theorists infer from this premise that truth is a redundant concept, in other words, that "truth" is a mere word that is conventional to use in certain contexts of discourse but not a word that points to anything in reality. The theory is commonly attributed to Frank P. Ramsey, who argued that the use of words like "fact" and "truth" was nothing but a roundabout way of asserting a proposition, and that treating these words as separate problems in isolation from judgment was merely a "linguistic muddle", though there remains some debate as to the correct interpretation of his position (Le Morvan 2004). Redundancy theorists begin by inquiring into the function of the predicate "__is true" in sentences like " 'Snow is white' is true". They reason that asserting the longer sentence is equivalent to asserting the shorter sentence "Snow is white". From this they infer that nothing is added to the "assertion" of the sentence "Snow is white" by quoting it, appending the predicate "__is true", and then asserting the result. Most predicates attribute properties to their subjects, but the redundancy theory denies that the predicate "is true" does so. Instead, it treats the predicate "is true" as empty, adding nothing to an assertion except to convert its use to its mention. That is, the predicate "___is true" merely asserts the proposition contained in the sentential clause to which it is applied but does not ascribe any additional property to that proposition or sentence, and in Ramsey's British lexicon, "is true" is redundant. The redundancy theory of truth is a deflationary theory of truth. Gottlob Frege was probably the first philosophical logician to express something very close to the idea that the predicate "is true" does not express anything above and beyond the statement to which it is attributed. It is worthy of notice that the sentence "I smell the scent of violets" has the same content as the sentence "it is true that I smell the scent of violets". So it seems, then, that nothing is added to the thought by my ascribing to it the property of truth. (Frege, G., 1918. "Thoughts", in his "Logical Investigations", Oxford: Blackwell, 1977) Ramsey's paper "Facts and Propositions" (1927) is frequently cited as the precipitating contribution in the current of thought that came to be called the redundancy theory of truth. But before we proceed further with the analysis of judgment, it is necessary to say something about truth and falsehood, in order to show that there is really no separate problem of truth but merely a linguistic muddle. (p. 38). Starting in a context of discussion that is concerned with analyzing judgment, in effect, the matter of asserting or denying propositions, Ramsey turns to the question of truth and falsehood, and suggests that these words add nothing of substance to the analysis of judgment already in progress. Truth and falsity are ascribed primarily to propositions. The proposition to which they are ascribed may be either explicitly given or described. Suppose first that it is explicitly given; then it is evident that 'It is true that Caesar was murdered' means no more than that Caesar was murdered, and 'It is false that Caesar was murdered' means that Caesar was not murdered. In the course of his argument, Ramsey observes that there are many different ways of asserting what is really the same proposition, at least, so far as the abstract logical meanings of sentences are concerned. In his first examples, he uses the verbal forms (1) 'It is true that ___' and (2) 'It is false that ___', for the sake of concreteness filling in the blanks with the sentential clause 'Caesar was murdered'. He says that assertions mediated by these forms are not distinct in meaning from the corresponding direct assertions. They are phrases we sometimes use for emphasis or for stylistic reasons, or to indicate the position occupied by the statement in our argument. So also we can say 'It is a fact that he was murdered' or 'That he was murdered is contrary to fact'. In the same context and by the same token, Ramsey cites the verbal forms (3) 'It is a fact that ___' and (4) '___ is contrary to fact' as further examples of dispensable, otiose, redundant, or purely stylistic verbiage. In the second case in which the proposition is described and not given explicitly we have perhaps more of a problem, for we get statements from which we cannot in ordinary language eliminate the words 'true' and 'false'. The strategy of Ramsey's argument is to demonstrate that certain figures of speech — those in which truth and falsehood seem to figure as real properties of propositions, or as logical values that constitute real objects, however abstract, of discussion and thought — can always be eliminated in favor of paraphrases that do not reify "truth" and "falsehood" as nouns, nor even use "true" and "false" as adjectives. The plausibility of this tactic going through is fairly evident in the case of verbal forms that introduce direct or indirect quotations. But the feasibility of the conversion is less clear in the case of propositions whose contents are not given in full, but only by indirect or partial description. Thus if I say 'He is always right', I mean that the propositions he asserts are always true, and there does not seem to be any way of expressing this without using the word 'true'. But suppose we put it thus 'For all "p", if he asserts "p", "p" is true', then we see that the propositional function "p" is true is simply the same as "p", as e.g. its value 'Caesar was murdered is true' is the same as 'Caesar was murdered'. The type of "propositional function" that Ramsey is referring to here is a function that takes a proposition as input and gives a proposition as output. In this case, the propositional function of interest is one that takes any proposition "p" and returns a proposition of the form "'p" is true'. We have in English to add 'is true' to give the sentence a verb, forgetting that ' "p" ' already contains a (variable) verb. This may be made clearer by supposing for a moment that only one form of proposition is in question, say the relational form "aRb"; then 'He is always right' could be expressed by 'For all "a", "R", "b", if he asserts "aRb", then "aRb" ', to which 'is true' would be an obviously superfluous addition. When all forms of proposition are included the analysis is more complicated but not essentially different; and it is clear that the problem is not as to the nature of truth and falsehood, but as to the nature of judgment or assertion, for what is difficult to analyse in the above formulation is 'He asserts "aRb" '. It is, perhaps, also immediately obvious that if we have analysed judgment we have solved the problem of truth; for taking the mental factor in a judgment (which is often itself called a judgment), the truth or falsity of this depends only on what proposition it is that is judged, and what we have to explain is the meaning of saying that the judgment is a judgment that "a" has "R" to "b", i.e. is true if "aRb", false if not. We can, if we like, say that it is true if there exists a corresponding fact that "a" has "R" to "b", but this is essentially not an analysis but a periphrasis, for 'The fact that "a" has "R" to "b" exists' is no different from ' "a" has "R" to "b" '. A variant of redundancy theory is the disquotational theory, which uses a modified form of Tarski's T-schema: To say that "'P' is true" is to say that P. Yet another version of deflationism is the prosentential theory of truth, first developed by Dorothy Grover, Joseph Camp, and Nuel Belnap as an elaboration of Ramsey's claims. They argue that sentences like "That's true", when said in response to "It's raining", are prosentences (see pro-form), expressions that merely repeat the content of other expressions. In the same way that "it" means the same as "my dog" in the sentence "My dog was hungry, so I fed it", "That's true" is supposed to mean the same as "It's raining" — if you say the latter and I then say the former. These variations do not necessarily follow Ramsey in asserting that truth is "not" a property, but rather can be understood to say that, for instance, the assertion "P" may well involve a substantial truth, and the theorists in this case are minimalizing only the redundancy or prosentence involved in the statement such as "that's true." Proponents of pragmatic, constructivist and consensus theories would differ with all of these conclusions, however, and instead assert that the second person making the statement "that's true" is actually participating in further verifying, constructing and/or achieving consensus on the proposed truth of the matter — e.g., the proposition that "it's raining". Redundancy theory does not apply to representations that are not analogous to sentences and they do not apply to many other things that are commonly judged to be true or otherwise. Consider the analogy between the sentence "Snow is white" and the person Snow White, both of which can be true in a sense. To say "Snow is white" is true is to say "Snow is white", but to say Snow White is true is not to say Snow White. </doc> <doc id="2338265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338265" title="A Samba for Sherlock"> A Samba for Sherlock O Xangô de Baker Street (English title: A Samba for Sherlock) is 2001 Brazilian-Portuguese film directed by Miguel Faria, Jr., based on the novel of the same name by Jô Soares. The film was first announced in 1996, but filming only started on September 1998 in Porto, Portugal, lasting until 1999. Rio de Janeiro, 1886. Actress Sarah Bernhardt performs at the city's Municipal Theater, captivating the local audience enthralled by French culture. The city is at her feet, and even the Emperor Pedro II comes to pay his respects. He confides a secret to her: the disappearance of a precious Stradivarius violin presented by him to the charming widow Baroness Maria Luiza. The actress suggests to the monarch to hire her friend, the legendary British detective Sherlock Holmes, to solve the case. Subsequently, a brutal murder shocks the city, and leaves the police superintendent Mello Pimenta: a prostitute had been killed and mutilated, her ears cut off and a violin string strategically placed on her body by the perpetrator. Later, under the heat of the tropical sun, the lives of Holmes and Doctor Watson are changed forever, as they find themselves neck-deep in a cultural milieu that portrays all standard Brazilian stereotypes. </doc> <doc id="2338283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338283" title="Polly Maberly"> Polly Maberly Polly Lucinda Maberly (born 1 January 1976 in Reigate, Surrey, England) is an English actress who graduated from RADA in 1998. She is the older sister of the film and television actress Kate Maberly; she also has a two younger brothers, Jack and Thomas and one older brother Guy. Maberly is best known for her portrayal of the role of Kitty Bennet in the BBC's 1995 adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice". She also had a recurring role as consultant psychiatrist Lucy Klein in the TV series The Royal. Maberly has also appeared several times on stage. </doc> <doc id="2338286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338286" title="Tony Serra"> Tony Serra J. Tony Serra (born December 30, 1934) is an American civil rights lawyer, activist and tax resister from San Francisco. A San Francisco native, Serra was raised in the Outer Sunset district. His father Anthony was an immigrant from Mallorca who worked in a jelly bean factory, and his mother Gladys was from Los Angeles. Serra received a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy from Stanford University and a Juris Doctor degree from Boalt Hall at the University of California, Berkeley. While at law school, Serra was a contributor to the "California Law Review". In 1970, Serra successfully defended Black Panther leader Huey Newton in a murder trial. In 1983, Serra won an acquittal for Chol Soo Lee, a Korean American immigrant in San Francisco who had been convicted of murder in 1973 and sentenced to life imprisonment. He has also represented individuals from groups as diverse and politically charged as the White Panthers, Hells Angels, Good Earth, and New World Liberation Front (NWLF). Some of these individuals include Brownie Mary, Dennis Peron, Hooty Croy, Ellie Nesler, and Symbionese Liberation Army members Sara Jane Olson, , Russell Little and Michael Bortin. In 2004, Serra won an acquittal during a retrial on murder charges for co-defendant Rick Tabish in the death of casino mogul Ted Binion. Serra won the Trial Lawyer of the Year award in 2003 (by the organization Trial Lawyers for Public Justice), for his successful litigation of Judi Bari against the FBI. In 2015, he defended Chinatown crime boss Raymond "Shrimp Boy" Chow. Serra has been in trouble with the law several times for failure to pay income taxes. He refused to pay taxes in protest of the War in Iraq, based on his conviction that the Bush administration was leading the country in the wrong direction and that he would therefore not contribute any money to fund what he saw as Bush's corrupt politics. On July 29, 2005, he was sentenced to 10 months in federal prison, to be served at Lompoc, and ordered to pay $100,000 in restitution for a misdemeanor conviction of willful failure to pay taxes. Serra was released from the federal camp in Lompoc, California, in mid-February 2007, reporting immediately to a San Francisco halfway house. He was released from federal custody, and the halfway house, on March 13, 2007, after serving out his sentence . Along with three other attorneys, Serra filed a class-action lawsuit seeking minimum wages for himself and other inmates, citing slave wages as unconstitutional. Serra has taken a vow of poverty and is known for living a frugal lifestyle and driving a run-down car. He does not have a cell phone, a bank account or a credit card. In a disciplinary hearing before the State Bar of California, Serra stated, " "I took an informal vow of poverty. I vowed that I would never take profit from the practice of law, that I would not buy anything new, that I would recycle everything, that I would own no properties - no stocks or bonds, no images of prosperity. I still drive an old junk of a car. I still barely make the rent each month; I have accumulated nothing by way of savings, and I live from hand to mouth." All income from his cases is distributed to other lawyers except for a very small portion that he uses to pay rent and gas. All of his clothes (including suits, briefcases, shoes etc.) are bought secondhand. Serra has five children with Mary Edna Dineen, who raised them in a home that he called a "sprawling shack" in Bolinas, California. Tony has two younger brothers: Richard Serra, a prominent sculptor, and Rudy Serra, also a noted artist. Richard paid for the college educations of Tony's five children. The 1989 film "True Believer" was loosely based on the 1982-83 retrial of Chol Soo Lee. The film's main character, Eddie Dodd, played by James Woods, is based on Serra. The film inspired a spin-off series, "Eddie Dodd", which ran for six episodes in 1991 on ABC; Dodd was played by Treat Williams. A biography of Serra, "Lust for Justice: The Radical Life & Law of J. Tony Serra", written by courtroom artist Paulette Frankl with a foreword by criminal defense attorney Gerry Spence, was released in October 2010. </doc> <doc id="2338287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338287" title="Ryan North"> Ryan North Ryan M. North (born October 20, 1980) is a Canadian writer and computer programmer who is the creator and author of "Dinosaur Comics", and co-creator of "Whispered Apologies" and "Happy Dog the Happy Dog". He has been the writer of "The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl" for Marvel Comics since the series debuted in January 2015. North grew up in Ottawa, Ontario, where he studied computer science (minor in film) at Carleton University before moving to Toronto for his master's degree in computer science at the University of Toronto, specializing in computational linguistics; he graduated in 2005. He is a humorist, programmer and longboarding enthusiast and also designs t-shirts. His parents are Anna and Randall North. He has a younger brother, Victor North (b. 1983). He is married to Jennifer Klug. North once tried to stop other people named "Ryan North" from using his name in a series of satirical emails. He also got into trouble with authorities by sending prank emails. In 2006, a group of teenage girls in Ravenna, Ohio were arrested after they created and distributed several cardboard boxes designed to look like elements of the video game Super Mario Brothers, inspired by a street art project initiated by Poster Child and following instructions for building the blocks posted on North's website. On August 18, 2015, North became stuck in a skate pit with only an umbrella, a leash, his phone, and his dog, Noam Chompsky, after rain made the surface too slick to easily climb with a dog in tow. He posted about his conundrum on Twitter, leading hundreds of Twitter users to reply with suggestions on how to combine the items in his "inventory" to escape, eventually leading to success. "Dinosaur Comics", a fixed-art webcomic, has run for more than 2,700 issues and has been published by Quack!Media as "The Best of Dinosaur Comics: 2003-2005 AD: Your Whole Family Is Made of Meat", among other compilations. In addition to his comics, North has created three tools to aid webcomic authors: Oh No Robot, a webcomic transcription tool that creates searchable text databases for comics; RSSpect, a method of creating RSS feeds for websites; and Project Wonderful, a pay-per-day auction-based ad serving system. The first two are free, whereas the last took 25% of each sale. Before "Dinosaur Comics", North created "Robot Erotica". On November 8, 2006, Ryan North launched the site "Every Topic in the Universe Except Chickens", which purports to provide a solution to vandalism on Wikipedia, in that it encourages vandals to vandalize only the article on chickens: "...instead of vandalizing Wikipedia in general, we all just vandalize the chicken article." North reasoned that it was worth trading the reliability of the chicken article if it meant freeing the rest of the encyclopedia from the threat of vandalism because "Dudes already know about chickens." The site received considerable media attention. A collection of short stories titled "Machine of Death" was released October 2010 through Bearstache Books. It reached #1 on Amazon.com, beating Glenn Beck and drawing criticism from him as exemplifying a "liberal culture of death". It is co-edited by Ryan North and inspired by his December 5, 2005, comic. North is the writer of the "Adventure Time" comic book series, which launched February 8, 2012. In 2013 the series won an Eisner Award (Best Publication for Kids) and a Harvey Award (Best Original Graphic Publication For Younger Readers). On November 21, 2012, North launched a Kickstarter project to fund a book entitled "To Be or Not to Be: That Is the Adventure", a retelling of Shakespeare's "Hamlet" modelled on Choose Your Own Adventure novels. The project raised more than six times its $20,000 goal in less than a week, and closed on December 22, 2012 having raised $580,905, nearly thirty times their original goal, and a record for a "Kickstarter" publishing project at that time. The book allows readers to take the role of Hamlet, Ophelia or Hamlet's father and make their own choices throughout the story; the latter characters, as well as over 100 colour illustrations by a range of artists, were added to the book as funding increased. On January 21, 2013, Shiftylook.com launched "Galaga", a comic written by North and illustrated by Christopher Hastings and colored by Anthony Clark, the creators of "The Adventures of Dr. McNinja". The comic is based on the 1981 arcade shooter of the same name. On October 6, 2014, Marvel Comics announced that North would write the series "The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl", which debuted in January 2015. On July 21, 2017, two of North's projects were awarded Eisner Awards: "Best Publication for Teens (ages 13-17)" for "The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl" (with Erica Henderson), and "Best Humor Publication" for "Jughead" (with Chip Zdarsky, Henderson, and Derek Charm). </doc> <doc id="2338289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338289" title="WCCU (student radio)"> WCCU (student radio) WCCU Radio is the student radio station of Coastal Carolina University in Conway, South Carolina. The studio is located in Brittain Hall on campus. WCCU is an internet station with a TopHits/HipHop format. The station streams 24/7, with a wide variety of live student shows airing between 8 a.m. and midnight. Student shows include music, talk, and sports. The station is also hired by organizations to provide entertainment at events. WCCU is managed by a faculty adviser and three student managers including a Station Manager, Program Manager, and Business Manager. The station averages between 20-25 unique student shows each semester. WCCU began streaming in February 2009, with the official opening of the radio station occurring on March 27, 2009. You can listen on the TuneIn app or at WCCURadio.com </doc> <doc id="2338291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338291" title="Guru–shishya tradition"> Guru–shishya tradition The guru–shishya tradition, or parampara ("lineage"), denotes a succession of teachers and disciples in traditional Indian culture and religions such as Hinduism, Jainism, Sikhism and Buddhism (Tibetan and Zen tradition). It is the tradition of spiritual relationship and mentoring where teachings are transmitted from a "guru" "teacher" () to a "śiṣya" "disciple" () or "chela". Such knowledge, whether it be Vedic, agamic, architectural, musical or spiritual, is imparted through the developing relationship between the guru and the disciple. It is considered that this relationship, based on the genuineness of the guru, and the respect which is not based on age or how old one looks, commitment, devotion and obedience of the student, is the best way for subtle or advanced knowledge to be conveyed. The student eventually masters the knowledge that the guru embodies. In the early oral traditions of the Upanishads, the "guru–shishya" relationship had evolved into a fundamental component of Hinduism. The term "Upanishad" derives from the Sanskrit words ""upa"" (near), ""ni"" (down) and ""şad"" (to sit) — so it means "sitting down near" a spiritual teacher to receive instruction. The relationship between Krishna and Arjuna in the Bhagavad Gita portion of the Mahabharata, and between Rama and Hanuman in the Ramayana, are examples. In the Upanishads, gurus and disciples appear in a variety of settings (e.g. a husband answering questions about immortality; a teenage boy being taught by Yama, Hinduism's Lord of Death) Sometimes the sages are women, and the instructions may be sought by kings. In the Vedas, the knowledge of Brahman ("brahmavidya") is communicated from guru to "shishya" by oral lore. Within the broad spectrum of the Hindu religion, the "guru–shishya" relationship can be found in numerous variant forms including tantra. Some common elements in this relationship include: Traditionally the word used for a succession of teachers and disciples in ancient Indian culture is "parampara" (' in IAST). In the "parampara" system, knowledge (in any field) is believed to be passed down through successive generations. The Sanskrit word figuratively means "an uninterrupted series or succession". Sometimes defined as "the passing down of Vedic knowledge", it is believed to be always entrusted to the "". An established "parampara" is often called ', or school of thought. For example, in Vaishnavism a number of "sampradayas" are developed following a single teacher, or an acharya. While some argue for freedom of interpretation others maintain that "Although an "" speaks according to the time and circumstance in which he appears, he upholds the original conclusion, or "", of the Vedic literature." Akhara is a place of practice with facilities for boarding, lodging and training, both in the context of Indian martial artists or a "Sampradaya" monastery for religious renunciates. For example, in the context of the Dashanami Sampradaya sect, the word denotes both martial arts and religious monastic aspects of the trident wielding martial regiment of renunciate sadhus. There is a variation in the level of authority that may be granted to the guru. The highest is that found in bhakti yoga, and the lowest is in the "pranayama" forms of yoga such as the Sankara Saranam movement. Between these two there are many variations in degree and form of authority. Advaita Vedānta requires anyone seeking to study Advaita Vedānta to do so from a guru ("teacher"). The guru must have the following qualities (see "Mundaka Upanishad" 1.2.12): The seeker must serve the guru and submit his questions with all humility so that doubt may be removed. (see Bhagavad Gita 4.34). According to Advaita, the seeker will be able to attain "liberation from the cycle of births and deaths" ("moksha"). The "guru–shishya" tradition plays an important part in the Shruti tradition of Vaidika dharma. The Hindus believe that the Vedas have been handed down through the ages from guru to "shishya". The Vedas themselves prescribe for a young brahmachari to be sent to a Gurukul where the Guru (referred to also as acharya) teaches the pupil the Vedas and Vedangas. The pupil is also taught the "Prayoga" to perform yajnas. The term of stay varies (Manu Smriti says the term may be 12 years, 36 years or 48 years). After the stay at the Gurukul the brahmachari returns home after performing a ceremony called samavartana. The word Śrauta is derived from the word Śruti meaning that which is heard. The Śrauta tradition is a purely oral handing down of the Vedas, but many modern Vedic scholars make use of books as a teaching tool. The guru passes his knowledge to his disciples by virtue of the fact that his purified consciousness enters into the selves of his disciples and communicates its particular characteristic. In this process the disciple is made part of the spiritual family (kula) - a family which is not based on blood relations but on people of the same knowledge. The best known form of the "guru–shishya" relationship is that of bhakti. Bhakti (Sanskrit = Devotion) means surrender to God or guru. Bhakti extends from the simplest expression of devotion to the ego-destroying principle of prapatti, which is total surrender. The bhakti form of the "guru–shishya" relationship generally incorporates three primary beliefs or practices: In the ego-destroying principle of "prapatti" (Sanskrit, "Throwing oneself down"), the level of the submission of the will of the "shishya" to the will of God or the guru is sometimes extreme, and is often coupled with an attitude of personal helplessness, self-effacement and resignation. This doctrine is perhaps best expressed in the teachings of the four "Samayacharya" saints, who shared a profound and mystical love of Siva expressed by: In its most extreme form it sometimes includes: Often a guru will assert that he or she is capable of leading a "shishya" directly to the highest possible state of spirituality or consciousness, sometimes referred to within Hinduism as moksha. In the bhakti "guru–shishya" relationship the guru is often believed to have supernatural powers, leading to the deification of the guru. In the Pali Buddhist tradition,magae the Bhikkus are also known as Sekhas (SN XLVIII.53 Sekha Sutta). In the Theravada Buddhist tradition, the teacher is a valued and honoured mentor worthy of great respect and a source of inspiration on the path to Enlightenment. In the Tibetan tradition, however, the teacher is viewed as the very root of spiritual realization and the basis of the entire path. Without the teacher, it is asserted, there can be no experience or insight. The guru is seen as Buddha. In Tibetan texts, emphasis is placed upon praising the virtues of the guru. Tantric teachings include generating visualisations of the guru and making offerings praising the guru. The guru becomes known as the "vajra" (figuratively "diamond") guru, the one who is the source of initiation into the tantric deity. The disciple is asked to enter into a series of vows and commitments that ensure the maintenance of the spiritual link with the understanding that to break this link is a serious downfall. In Vajrayana (tantric Buddhism) as the guru is perceived as "the way" itself. The guru is not an individual who initiates a person, but the person's own Buddha-nature reflected in the personality of the guru. In return, the disciple is expected to show great devotion to his or her guru, who he or she regards as one who possesses the qualities of a Bodhisattva. A guru is regarded as one which has not only mastered the words of the tradition, but one that with which the student has an intense personal relationship; thus, devotion is seen as the proper attitude toward the guru. The Dalai Lama, speaking of the importance of the guru, said: "Rely on the teachings to evaluate a guru: Do not have blind faith, but also no blind criticism." He also observed that the term 'living Buddha' is a translation of the Chinese words "huo fuo". Rob Preece, in "The Wisdom of Imperfection," writes that while the teacher/disciple relationship can be an invaluable and fruitful experience, the process of relating to spiritual teachers also has its hazards. As other authors had done before him, Preece mentions the notion of transference to explain the manner in which the guru/disciple relationship develops from a more Western psychological perspective. He writes: Preece writes that when we transfer an inner quality onto another person we may be giving that person a power over us as a consequence of the projection, carrying the potential for great insight and inspiration, but also the potential for great danger. </doc> <doc id="2338292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338292" title="WRSP-TV"> WRSP-TV WRSP-TV is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Springfield, Illinois, United States and also serving Decatur. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 44 (or virtual channel 55.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter, west of Mechanicsburg, in unincorporated Sangamon County. The station is owned by GOCOM Media as part of a duopoly with Decatur-licensed CW affiliate WBUI (channel 23). Both outlets are operated through joint sales and shared services agreements by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. This makes the two outlets sister stations to ABC affiliate WICS, channel 20 (and its full-time satellite, Champaign-licensed WICD, channel 15). All of the stations share studios together on East Cook Street in Springfield's Eastside. However, WBUI also operates an advertising sales office on South Main Street/U.S. 51 in Downtown Decatur. WCCU in Urbana–Champaign operates as a semi-satellite of WRSP for the eastern portion of the market, including Danville. As such, it clears all network and syndicated programming from its parent but airs separate commercial inserts, legal identifications, and a weeknight prime time newscast (see below). This station broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 26 (or virtual channel 27 via PSIP) from a transmitter, along U.S. 136, in Vermilion County between Penfield and Armstrong. It shares studios with WICD on South Country Fair Drive in downtown Champaign. What is now WRSP signed-on June 1, 1979 as WBHW, a religious independent (the call letters stood for We Believe His Word). It aired an analog signal on UHF channel 55. It was the first new commercial station in the market (not counting satellite stations) since WCIA launched back in 1953. On November 24, 1982, it was sold to new owners who changed the call letters to WRSP-TV and turned it into the area's first general entertainment Independent. In the winter of 1985, WRSP announced it would join the upstart Fox network the following year. As part of the agreement, on February 19, 1986, it added full-time satellite WCCU in Urbana, with an analog signal on UHF channel 27. Both stations began transmitting digital signals in mid-2000 with programming from Fox in high definition. It eventually introduced a new website based on the "My Fox" owned-and-operated station platform licensed from News Corporation Interactive. On June 20, 2007, GOCOM Media announced its intent to purchase WBUI from ACME Communications. The sale was approved on September 14 by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which allowed GOCOM to buy WBUI under a "failed station" waiver to its duopoly rules. The Central Illinois market already had one duopoly, Nexstar Broadcasting Group's WCIA and WCFN, and under normal conditions there wouldn't have been enough unique station owners to allow a second duopoly. However, ACME claimed it was losing money on WBUI and could not find a buyer that did not require a duopoly waiver. The sale to GOCOM Media officially closed on October 25, 2007. At that point, WBUI consolidated its operations from its original studios at North Parkway Court in Decatur into WRSP's facilities in Springfield. In mid-2010, WRSP's web site was taken over by Broadcast Interactive Media. On December 31, 2012, Sinclair closed on the purchase of the non-license assets of GOCOM's three television stations, WRSP/WCCU and sister station WBUI for approximately $25.6 million. Sinclair is providing sales and other non-programming services to the stations pursuant to shared services and joint sales agreements. Both WRSP/WCCU and WBUI were initially operated from separate facilities from WICS/WICD. However, WCCU quickly moved its advertising sales operation from its location on South Neil Street/U.S. 45 in Champaign into WICD's studios. Eventually, WRSP and WBUI also moved from their offices on Old Rochester Road in Springfield and were consolidated into WICS' facility. The station's digital channel is multiplexed: Both stations shut down their analog signals, respectively on February 17, 2009, the original target date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate (which was later pushed back to June 12, 2009). The station's digital channel allocations post-transition are as follows: On September 11, 2006, WRSP/WCCU (then separately controlled) established a news share agreement with WICS/WICD. As a result, a nightly prime time newscast began airing on the Fox affiliates that was jointly produced by the two ABC outlets. Known as "NewsChannel at 9 on Fox Illinois", it aired from a modified set at WICS's Springfield studios featuring unique duratrans indicating the Fox-branded show. From the start, "NewsChannel at 9" competed with a newscast already established in the time slot on then-UPN affiliate WCFN (produced by WCIA). Unlike the WRSP/WCCU show, WCFN's broadcast originated from WCIA's Champaign facilities but was targeted specifically at a Springfield audience. The WRSP/WCCU newscast featured market wide coverage, including contributions from WICD reporters, but there was a separate weeknight weather segment for WRSP and WCCU. WCFN's prime time broadcast would be eventually canceled by WCIA on September 28, 2009. On October 7, 2013, the weekday edition "NewsChannel at 9" was expanded to an hour. The effort on WRSP/WCCU was further expanded on January 20, 2014 when WICS began producing a two-hour weekday morning show for the Fox affiliates. Known as "Good Day Illinois", the program can be seen from 7 until 9 and offers a local alternative to the national morning programs seen on the big three networks. It also competes with another two-hour local newscast seen at same time on MyNetworkTV affiliate WCIX (produced by WCIA). On March 13, 2015, Sinclair announced that WICD would stop offering separate newscasts on weekdays that focus on the eastern areas of the market (Champaign/Urbana/Danville). This change took effect after the final WICD-produced newscast aired on April 3. In its place are newscasts simulcasted from WICS (in all time slots) which provide market-wide coverage including content from the eastern areas through a downsized bureau at WICD's studios. On April 7, 2015 despite this significant reduction, WICD began airing a full sixty-minute Champaign-based prime time newscast (weeknights at 9) on WCCU entitled "Fox Champaign News at Nine". The existing hour-long WICS-produced newscast on WRSP, which had been simulcast on WCCU, was refocused to Springfield and became known as "Fox News at Nine". The weekend edition of the prime time news will continue to be a market-wide product simulcasted on WRSP and WCCU. With the exception of the WCCU newscast, WICD no longer produces Champaign-specific local news. </doc> <doc id="2338296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338296" title="The Muny"> The Muny The St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre (commonly known as The Muny) is an amphitheatre located in St. Louis, Missouri. The theatre seats 11,000 people with approximately 1,500 free seats in the last nine rows that are available on a first come, first served basis. The Muny seasons run every year from mid-June to mid-August. It is run by a nonprofit organization. The current president and chief executive is Dennis M. Reagan. The current artistic director & executive producer is Mike Isaacson. In 1914, Luther Ely Smith began staging pageant-masques on Art Hill in Forest Park. In 1916, a grassy area between two oak trees on the present site of The Muny was chosen for a production of "As You Like It" produced by Margaret Anglin and starring Sydney Greenstreet with a local cast of "1,000 St. Louis folk dancers and folk singers." Soon after, the Convention Board of the St. Louis Advertising Club was looking for an entertainment feature for its thirteenth annual convention, which was to take place June 3, 1917. Mayor Henry Kiel, attorney Guy Golterman, and Parks Commissioner Nelson Cunliff stepped in and, in forty-nine days (not counting seven lost to rain), created the first municipally owned outdoor theatre in the United States. On June 5, 1917, the opera "Aida" was presented on what would become the Muny stage. In 1919, the new theatre received a name: St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre, or "The Muny" for short. The first show under the Muny banner was "Robin Hood", which opened on June 16, 1919, and featured Mayor Kiel as King Richard. Concerts were performed here prior to the opening of Riverport Amphitheatre in 1991. In 1930, the stage was equipped with a turntable for performance purposes. It was reconstructed in 1997 due to dilapidation. In 1994, The Muny's Board of Directors founded the Muny Kids, a select group of performers between the ages of 7 to 13 who traveled around St. Louis performing, and in the summer gave preview shows prior to the production. In 1998, the Muny Teens group was formed for the same purpose, featuring teen performers between the ages of 14 to 18. The Chairman of the Board of the Muny in 2005-2006 was William H. T. Bush (younger brother of former President George H. W. Bush). The current Chairman of the Board is Stephen C. Jones. For a complete listing of all productions since the first season in 1919, see List of The Muny repertory. The Muny produces all of its musicals (typically seven) in the season and operates only in the summer. During the winter, a full-time staff of fewer than twenty people prepare for the next summer season. During the season itself, the summer staff expands to include more than 500 people in various positions. All shows are rehearsed within the course of eleven days, with two technical rehearsals (one costumed, one not) being held in the two to three days before the show's opening. Shows run from Monday to Sunday, although there have been exceptions to this, particularly in recent years, when each season has had at least one production with an extended run. The Muny website claims it is the "nation's oldest and largest outdoor musical theatre." There are numerous amphitheatres/outdoor theatres that have a larger capacity area; however, The Muny houses the largest number of seats. There is no lawn seating inside The Muny. In addition, The Muny is the largest to host only Broadway-style musical theatre. The next largest seat capacity theatre in the United States is the San Manuel Amphitheater in California, housing 10,900 seats. For a list of other amphitheatres see: List of contemporary amphitheatres. Since its beginning, The Muny has featured hundreds of big names in theatre, television and film on its stage, drawing inevitably huge crowds. A history of the celebrities who have performed at The Muny, including a cast listing, can be found on The Muny's website. During one of the last productions each summer season, survey forms are handed out to audience members. On this survey, audience members are asked to select their top seven choices from a long list of show titles. The choices change each year, depending on which titles are available and what shows have not been produced for a number of years. The survey results contribute to (though are just one of many determining factors in deciding) show choices for upcoming seasons. In the past, The Muny chiefly operated on a five-year cycle in which a title could not be produced again until five seasons had passed. Over the past two decades, "Fiddler on the Roof", "Annie", "My Fair Lady", "42nd Street", "West Side Story" and "The Wizard of Oz" have been the most popular titles, each receiving four productions since 1990. The 2012 Muny season was announced in October 2011, a significant shift from the typical Muny practice of officially announcing the upcoming summer season in the preceding January or February of the same year. </doc> <doc id="2338298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338298" title="Hideo Yamamoto"> Hideo Yamamoto Recurring themes in his manga are crime, sexual deviations, and the human mind. Hideo Yamamoto received the "Tetsuya Chiba Award", given to promising young manga creators in 1988. After resigning from the post of assistant of a popular seinen manga artist, Kenshi Hirokane, he made his professional debut by drawing "SHEEP" (written by Masahiko Takasho) for Weekly Young Sunday in 1989. Before creating "Homunculus", Hideo Yamamoto actually lived as a homeless person for sometime in order to be able to credibly include the theme of homelessness in his work. Yamamoto is also interested in martial arts. </doc> <doc id="2338309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338309" title="1958 FIFA World Cup qualification"> 1958 FIFA World Cup qualification A total of 55 teams entered the 1958 FIFA World Cup qualification rounds, competing for a total of 16 spots in the final tournament. Sweden as the hosts and West Germany, as the defending champions, qualified automatically, leaving 14 spots open for competition. The qualification rounds for the four previous World Cups were very confusing, with controversial rules and many withdrawals. From this tournament onwards, FIFA decided to divide the teams into several continental zones, assign a pre-determined number of places in the final tournament to each zone, and delegate the organization of the qualifying tournaments to its confederations: UEFA of Europe, CONMEBOL of South America, NAFC of North America, CCCF of Central America and Caribbean, CAF of Africa and AFC of Asia (and OFC of Oceania after it was formed later). This led to a more organized qualification process with clearer rules, but not yet withdrawal-proof. The 16 spots available in the 1958 World Cup would be distributed among the continental zones as follows: However, FIFA also imposed a rule that no team would qualify without playing at least one match because many teams qualified for previous World Cups without playing due to withdrawals of their opponents. Because Israel won the African and Asian zone under this circumstance, FIFA required them to enter a play-off against a team from Europe who initially did not qualify, with the winner of this play-off qualifying. Therefore, effectively in the end, a total of "11.5 places" were granted to Europe while only "0.5 places" were granted to Africa and Asia. A total of 46 teams played at least one qualifying match. A total of 89 qualifying matches were played, and 341 goals were scored (an average of 3.83 per match). Listed below are the dates and results of the qualification rounds. The 27 teams were divided into 9 groups, each featuring 3 teams. The teams played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The group winners qualified. The Soviet Union and Iceland took part for the first time. England qualified. France qualified. Hungary qualified. Czechoslovakia qualified. Wales received another chance to qualify after being drawn to play against Israel in a special play-off; see CAF / AFC Final Round and Play-off. Austria qualified. Poland and USSR finished level on points, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. USSR qualified. Yugoslavia qualified. The 15 January 1958 fixture of Italy at Northern Ireland was originally scheduled for 4 December 1957 but heavy fog in London prevented the referee (Istvan Zsolt, manager of the Budapest Opera House) from arriving for the match in time. The fixture was postponed but the match continued as a friendly, and ended in a 2-2 draw and a riot as the crowd (infuriated by the postponement and quite rough play from some Italian players) invaded the pitch. The 'friendly' match was dubbed the 'Battle of Belfast'. Danny Blanchflower, Northern Ireland captain at the time, helped save the situation by ordering his players to escort their Italian counterparts off the field while the police dealt with the crowd. Northern Ireland qualified. This was the only time that Italy failed to qualify for the World Cup until their failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. Scotland qualified. The 9 teams were divided into 3 groups of 3 teams each. The teams played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The group winners would qualify. Brazil qualified. Argentina qualified. Paraguay qualified. There were two rounds of play: Mexico advanced to the Final Round. Costa Rica advanced to the Final Round. Territory of Curaçao v Guatemala was not played because the Guatemalan players were not permitted to travel to the Netherlands Antilles (the Netherlands Antilles were still using the nation's former "Curaçao" name). However, neither team would have been able to advance with a win regardless. Mexico qualified. FIFA rejected the entries of Ethiopia and South Korea. The remaining 10 teams played in a knockout tournament, with matches on a home-and-away basis. The tournament winner would qualify. Republic of China withdrew, so China PR and Indonesia advanced to the First Round automatically. China PR and Indonesia finished level on points, and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would advance to the Second Round. Indonesia advanced to the Second Round by having a better goal average. (Penalty shootouts had not been invented.) Turkey refused to compete in the Asian group, so Israel advanced to the Second Round automatically. Cyprus withdrew, so Egypt advanced to the Second Round automatically. Sudan advanced. Indonesia withdrew after FIFA rejected their request to play against Israel on neutral ground. Israel advanced to the Final Round automatically. Egypt withdrew, so Sudan advanced to the Final Round automatically. Sudan refused to play against Israel because of the Arab League boycott of Israel, so Israel would technically qualify automatically, but before the qualification rounds began, FIFA had ruled that no team would qualify without playing at least one match (except for the defending champions and the hosts), and Israel had yet to play any. A special play-off was created between Israel and the runner-up of one of the UEFA Groups, where the teams played against each other on a home-and-away basis, with the winner qualifying. After Belgium refused, Wales, the runner-up of UEFA Group 4, was the team drawn from the UEFA group runners-up. <onlyinclude></onlyinclude> "7 of the 16 teams subsequently failed to qualify for the 1962 finals: Austria, France, Northern Ireland, Paraguay, Scotland, Sweden and Wales." </doc> <doc id="2338314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338314" title="African Petroleum Producers Association"> African Petroleum Producers Association African Petroleum Producers Association, APPA ("Association des pays africains producteurs de pétrole" in French, "Associação de Produtores de Petróleo Africanos" in Portuguese and "رابطة منتجي النفط الأفريقية" in Arabic) is an organisation of African countries producing petroleum. It was founded in 1986. The headquarters of the organisation are in Brazzaville in the Congo. The Organization has since changed its name to African Petroleum Producers Organization. The founding of APPA was spearheaded by Nigeria as an effort to mitigate the nation's dependency on Western technology and Western markets for oil export revenues. The objective of APPA was to promote cooperation in petrochemical research and technology. The following African states are members of the African Petroleum Producers Association: </doc> <doc id="2338320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338320" title="Geodesic deviation"> Geodesic deviation In general relativity, geodesic deviation describes the tendency of objects to approach or recede from one another while moving under the influence of a spatially varying gravitational field. Put another way, if two objects are set in motion along two initially parallel trajectories, the presence of a tidal gravitational force will cause the trajectories to bend towards or away from each other, producing a relative acceleration between the objects. Mathematically, the tidal force in general relativity is described by the Riemann curvature tensor, and the trajectory of an object solely under the influence of gravity is called a "geodesic". The "geodesic deviation equation" relates the Riemann curvature tensor to the relative acceleration of two neighboring geodesics. In differential geometry, the geodesic deviation equation is more commonly known as the Jacobi equation. To quantify geodesic deviation, one begins by setting up a family of closely spaced geodesics indexed by a continuous variable "s" and parametrized by an affine parameter τ. That is, for each fixed "s", the curve swept out by γ(τ) as τ varies is a geodesic. When considering the geodesic of a massive object, it is often convenient to choose τ to be the object's proper time. If "x"("s", τ) are the coordinates of the geodesic γ(τ), then the tangent vector of this geodesic is If τ is the proper time, then "T" is the four velocity of the object traveling along the geodesic. One can also define a "deviation vector", which is the displacement of two objects travelling along two infinitesimally separated geodesics: The "relative acceleration" "A" of the two objects is defined, roughly, as the second derivative of the separation vector "X" as the objects advance along their respective geodesics. Specifically, "A" is found by taking the directional covariant derivative of "X" along "T" twice: The geodesic deviation equation relates "A", "T", "X", and the Riemann tensor "R": An alternate notation for the directional covariant derivative formula_5 is formula_6, so the geodesic deviation equation may also be written as The geodesic deviation equation can be derived from the second variation of the point particle Lagrangian along geodesics, or from the first variation of a combined Lagrangian. The Lagrangian approach has two advantages. First it allows various formal approaches of quantization to be applied to the geodesic deviation system. Second it allows deviation to be formulated for much more general objects than geodesics (any dynamical system which has a one spacetime indexed momentum appears to have a corresponding generalization of geodesic deviation). The connection between geodesic deviation and tidal acceleration can be seen more explicitly by examining geodesic deviation in the weak-field limit, where the metric is approximately Minkowski, and the velocities of test particles are assumed to be much less than "c". Then the tangent vector "T" is approximately (1, 0, 0, 0); i.e., only the timelike component is nonzero. The spatial components of the relative acceleration are then given by where "i" and "j" run only over the spatial indices 1, 2, and 3. In the particular case of a metric corresponding to the Newtonian potential Φ("x", "y", "z") of a massive object at "x" = "y" = "z" = 0, we have which is the tidal tensor of the Newtonian potential. </doc> <doc id="2338329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338329" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Boston"> Federal Reserve Bank of Boston The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, commonly known as the Boston Fed, is responsible for the First District of the Federal Reserve, which covers New England: Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Vermont and all of Connecticut except Fairfield County. It is headquartered in a distinctive tall, 32-story Federal Reserve Bank Building at 600 Atlantic Avenue, Boston. Designed by architecture firm Hugh Stubbins & Associates, the tower portion of the building is suspended between two towers on either side. The code of the Bank is A1, meaning that dollar bills from this Bank will have the letter A on them. Its current president is Eric S. Rosengren, who replaced Cathy E. Minehan in July 2007. The Boston Fed describes its mission as promoting "growth and financial stability in New England and the nation". The Boston Fed also includes the New England Public Policy Center. The following people serve on the board of directors . Terms expire on December 31 of their final year on the board. </doc> <doc id="2338335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338335" title="Chela"> Chela Chela may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338353" title="WEHT"> WEHT WEHT is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Evansville, Indiana, United States, serving the Tri-State area of southwestern Indiana, northwestern Kentucky and southeastern Illinois. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 7 (or virtual channel 25 via PSIP) from a transmitter at its studios on Marywood Drive in Henderson, Kentucky. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, which also operates CW affiliate WTVW (channel 7) under a shared services agreement with owner Mission Broadcasting. On cable, WEHT is available in standard definition on WOW! and Charter Spectrum channel 11; and in high definition on WOW! digital channel 811 and Spectrum channel 908. The station signed-on September 27, 1953 as the first television station in the Tri-State area. It aired an analog signal on UHF channel 50 and was a primary CBS affiliate with secondary relations with ABC. Although the station was licensed to Evansville, the studios have always been located across the Ohio River in Henderson. WEHT was originally owned by the Malco Theater Corporation of Memphis, Tennessee; minority interest was held by several Henderson businessmen for the first year. It would drop ABC when WTVW launched in August 1956. Cincinnati meatpacker Henry S. Hilberg bought the station from Malco in 1957. The Gilmore Broadcasting Corporation, owned by former Kalamazoo, Michigan mayor and businessman James Gilmore, Jr., bought WEHT and sister station KGUN in Tucson, Arizona from Hilberg in 1964. In September 1966, the station activated its current tower. On the same day the new tower came into service, it moved to the stronger channel 25. The move allowed WEHT to boast of reaching an additional 70,000 families in the area, with improved picture quality for its total audience of 250,000 households. In mid-1995, WTVW was sold to Petracom Broadcasting, and as part of the deal, that station announced it was switching its affiliation from ABC to Fox. The result brought about a network scramble in Evansville with WEHT quickly joining ABC and WEVV (the original Fox affiliate) switching to CBS. The final switch for all three stations was made on December 3, 1995 although some programming was swapped between the stations prior to the date of the actual change. WEHT was the last station owned by Gilmore Broadcasting, which has been in the hands of James Gilmore, Jr.'s family since his death in a 2000 auto accident. At its height, Gilmore owned five television stations, nine radio stations and nineteen cable television systems in nine states. Among WEHT's former sisters were WSVA-AM-FM-TV in Harrisonburg, Virginia, KODE-AM-TV in Joplin, Missouri and WREX-TV in Rockford, Illinois. On August 8, 2011, Gilmore announced it would sell WEHT to Nexstar Broadcasting Group, owner of former ABC affiliate WTVW. As part of the deal, WTVW would be sold to Mission Broadcasting, with WEHT taking over its operations as the senior partner through shared services and joint sales agreements. The Nexstar acquisition of WEHT reunited it with KODE-TV, which is owned by Mission Broadcasting and managed by Nexstar. The transaction, which received Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approval on October 12, was completed on December 1, 2011; at that point, the station rebranded from "News 25" to "WEHT Local". On April 24, 2013, Communications Corporation of America (owner of WEVV) announced the sale of its entire group to Nexstar. Since there are fewer than eight full-power stations in the Evansville market, Nexstar and its partner company Mission, cannot legally buy WEVV. So WEVV was to be sold to a female-controlled company called Rocky Creek Communications. Nexstar would have operated the station under a shared service agreement, forming a virtual triopoly with sister stations WEHT and WTVW. However, on August 4, 2014, Nexstar Broadcasting Group announced that it would instead sell WEVV to Bayou City Broadcasting for $18.6 million. The sale was completed on January 1, 2015. On June 15, 2016, Nexstar announced that it has entered into an affiliation agreement with Katz Broadcasting for the Escape, Laff, Grit, and Bounce TV networks (the last one of which is owned by Bounce Media LLC, whose COO Jonathan Katz is president/CEO of Katz Broadcasting), bringing one or more of the four networks to 81 stations owned and/or operated by Nexstar, including WEHT and WTVW. (WTVW already carries Bounce TV on its DT2 subchannel, and Grit is already available in Evansville on WFIE-DT3.) The station's digital signal is multiplexed: WEHT began broadcasting a digital signal on channel 59 in 2002. The station discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over UHF channel 25, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 59, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition, to VHF channel 7 (used by WTVW for its analog operations), using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 25. On August 25, 2008, the station began airing programming from Retro Television Network (RTV) on its second digital subchannel. This lasted until July 31, 2010, when WEHT-DT2 became the third affiliate of the Wazoo Sports Network which launched in late 2009 on WHAS-TV in Louisville and WLEX in Lexington. WEHT-DT2 branded it locally as the "News 25 Sports Channel" and the service had digital cable carriage. The regional sports television network was dedicated to carrying live coverage of sporting events as well as classic coverage of past high school and college events. There were also locally produced shows, the first being "After Further Review"', a sports talk show which aired each weeknight at 9 p.m. Central (10 p.m. Eastern). Following Nexstar's purchase of WEHT, the Sports Channel was taken off the air at approximately 12:30 a.m. CDT on December 1, 2011; at the time, Nexstar carried subchannels only when a netlet subchannel was required in a market. This eventually hastened Wazoo's demise, as the network's other affiliates ended carriage of it by December 31 and the network declared bankruptcy days later. Syndicated programming on WEHT includes "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "The Rachael Ray Show" and "Live with Kelly and Ryan" among others. The station currently carries 24 hours of local newscasts per week (with five hours on weekdays, 1½ hours on Saturdays, and a half-hour on Sundays); unlike most ABC affiliates, WEHT does not broadcast an early evening newscast on Sundays, and it has also not aired a midday newscast during the week since dropping a half-hour 11:30 a.m. newscast in 2007. In addition to its main studios, WEHT also operates a news bureau in Owensboro. The station operates its own Doppler weather radar across the street from its Henderson facility. In the early-2000s through a news share agreement, WEHT produced the market's second prime time newscast at 9 on then-WB affiliate WAZE-TV (owned by Roberts Broadcasting). The broadcast was eventually cancelled due to low ratings and inconsistent viewership being unable to compete with then-Fox affiliate WTVW. It was the first station to enter into the afternoon local news race on September 10 of that year after debuting a thirty-minute broadcast at 4:30. Three years later in the same month, this would be expanded to a full hour. WEHT began having its first competitor in the time slot on September 12, 2011, when WFIE debuted a 4 p.m. newscast. Originally, WEHT-DT2 simulcasted live news from the main channel in addition to offering repeats of those shows as well as local weather. This programming was dropped with the addition of RTV. The service would bring back a prime time broadcast at 9 on June 10, 2009. Soon after in September, WFIE introduced its own newscast in the time slot (on its own second digital subchannel) offering a third alternative of late news an hour earlier. With the decision to switch WEHT-DT2 to a sports channel in July 2010, the 9 o'clock broadcast was cancelled. In April 2009, the station's weekday morning news anchors started voicing updates for several Townsquare Media-owned radio stations. The stations also air weather updates from "Eyewitness News" meteorologists as part of the "First Warning Doppler Radio Network" and will simulcast the television station's audio feed whenever severe weather necessitates wall-to-wall coverage. The Townsquare Media stations include WKDQ-FM, WGBF-FM, WJLT-FM, WDKS-FM, WGBF-AM, WBKR-FM, and WOMI-AM. In addition to the Townsquare stations, WRAY-FM and WBNL-AM, which are owned by local companies, are also part of the radio network. Pending approval of the sale to Nexstar, WEHT and WTVW would have their operations merged and be based in the WEHT facility in Henderson; all personnel of WEHT would then have to re-apply for their current positions starting in late-September 2011. On November 7, 2011, Nexstar announced the layoff of 45 staffers effective November 30; news staffers laid off include weekday morning anchor Whitney Ray, sports director Mark McVicar, sports reporters Aaron Hancock and Sean Clark-Weis, and reporter Nick LaGrange; remaining on-air staff members from WEHT will be carried over to the newscasts on WTVW, and vice versa. In addition, WTVW will no longer air newscasts in timeslots in which WEHT offers newscasts (5-7 a.m. on weekday mornings and 6-6:30 p.m. Monday-Saturdays); on December 1, 2011, the two stations' combined news operation debuted as "Eyewitness News", the title WTVW had used from 1974 until its 1995 switch from ABC to Fox. As a result of the consolidation of WTVW and WEHT's news operations, this left the Evansville market with only two local news operations amongst three stations, the other belonging to NBC affiliate WFIE (CBS affiliate WEVV-TV, which began running newscasts starting in 1992, had shut down its news operation in 2001, and would relaunch its news operation in 2015). Ownership by Nexstar could also result in the two stations upgrading broadcasts to 16:9 enhanced definition widescreen or even full high definition. On August 13, 2012, WEHT began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition, with a new news set, HD cameras and forecasting equipment. With the upgrade, the newscasts on WTVW will also be broadcast in high definition. </doc> <doc id="2338358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338358" title="New International Encyclopedia"> New International Encyclopedia The New International Encyclopedia was an American encyclopedia first published in 1902 by Dodd, Mead and Company. It descended from the "International Cyclopaedia" (1884) and was updated in 1906, 1914 and 1926. The "New International Encyclopedia" was the successor of the "International Cyclopaedia" (1884). Initially, the "International Cyclopaedia" was largely a reprint of Alden's "Library of Universal Knowledge", which was a reprint of the British "Chambers's Encyclopaedia". The title was changed to "New International Encyclopedia" in 1902, with editors Harry Thurston Peck, Daniel Coit Gilman, and Frank Moore Colby. The encyclopedia was popular and reprints were made in 1904, 1905, 1907 (corrected and expanded to 20 volumes), 1909 and 1911. The 2nd edition appeared from 1914 to 1917 in 24 volumes. With Peck and Gilman deceased, Colby was joined by a new editor, Talcott Williams. This edition was set up from new type and thoroughly revised. It was very strong in biography. A third edition was published in 1923, however this was mostly a reprint with the addition of a history of the First World War in Vol. 24, which had previously been a reading and study guide. A two volume supplement was published in 1925, and this was incorporated into the 1927 reprint, which had 25 vols. A further 2 vol. supplement in 1930 along with another reprint. The final edition was published in 1935, now under the Funk and Wagnall's label. This edition included another updating supplement, authored by Herbert Treadwell Wade. Some material from the "New International" would be incorporated into future books published by Funk and Wagnall's books such as "Funk & Wagnalls Standard Reference Encyclopaedia". The 1926 material was printed in Cambridge, Massachusetts, by Yale University Press. Boston Bookbinding Company of Cambridge produced the covers. Thirteen books enclosing twenty-three volumes comprise the encyclopedia, which includes a supplement after Volume 23. Each book contains about 1600 pages. Like other encyclopedias of the time, "New International" had a yearly supplement, the "New International Yearbook", beginning in 1908. Like the encyclopedia itself, this publication was sold to Funk and Wagnalls in 1931. It was edited by Frank Moore Colby until his death in 1925, and then by Wade. In 1937 Frank Horace Vizetelly became editor. The yearbook outlasted the parent encyclopedia, running to 1966. More than 500 men, and some women, submitted and composed the information contained in the "New International Encyclopedia". Editors of the First Edition Editors of the Second Edition </doc> <doc id="2338361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338361" title="Maria Mitchell Observatory"> Maria Mitchell Observatory The Maria Mitchell Observatory in Nantucket, Massachusetts, USA, was founded in 1908 and named in honor of Maria Mitchell, the first American woman astronomer. It is a major component of the Maria Mitchell Association. The Observatory actually consists of two observatories - the main Maria Mitchell Observatory near downtown Nantucket and the Loines Observatory about a kilometer west of town. It is also the repository for a valuable collection of over 8000 wide-field (13° x 16°) glass photographic plates, recording observations of large swaths of sky from 1913 to 1995. The observatory has extensive public education and research programs. For more than 50 years, the observatory has offered summer research internships in astronomy and astrophysics for undergraduate students, funded by the National Science Foundation. The importance of this work was recognized with a 2009 Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring, given by President Barack Obama to the Maria Mitchell Association. The two observatories consist of three domed telescopes. The Vestal street location houses research offices as well as the 17-inch Plane Wave Dall-Kirkham telescope. This telescope was installed in 2008 after the completion of the Loines Observatory. The Loines Observatory houses the historic 7.5-inch Alvan Clark refractor, which is used for public stargazing. At this location there is also the larger 24-inch Richey-Chretian reflecting telescope, installed in 2006, which has been made accessible for public tours. Both the 17-inch and the 24-inch telescopes are also used for research year round. Regina Jorgenson became the Director of the Maria Mitchell Observatory in January, 2016. She received her PhD in physics from the University of California in San Diego, for a thesis on physical conditions in damped Lyman-alpha systems. Prior to becoming the director at Maria Mitchell, she held the following positions: postdoctoral research fellow at the Institute of Astronomy (IoA), University of Cambridge, UK (2008-2011); NSF Astronomy & Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellow at the Institute for Astronomy (IfA), University of Hawai`i at Manoa (2011-2014), and Visiting Professor at Willamette University, Oregon (2014-2015). In 2014 she published with coauthors an estimate of the primordial abundance of deuterium. Past Directors of the Maria Mitchell Observatory: Astronomer Gary Walker is the observatory's telescope engineer. An aeronautical engineer by training, he has spent more than 30 years observing, building telescopes and observatories, photographing the heavens, and making photometric measurements of variable stars with CCD cameras. He is a past president of the American Association of Variable Star Observers (AAVSO) and currently holds the office of secretary of the organization. </doc> <doc id="2338364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338364" title="Roman Coppola"> Roman Coppola Roman François Coppola (born April 22, 1965) is an American filmmaker, screenwriter, producer, and entrepreneur. With the 2012 film "Moonrise Kingdom", he and co-writer Wes Anderson were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. In 2016, his television series "Mozart in the Jungle" won the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Comedy. Coppola serves as president of the San Francisco-based film company American Zoetrope. He is also founder and owner of The Directors Bureau, a commercial and music video production company. Roman Coppola is the son of set decorator/artist Eleanor Coppola (née Neil) and director Francis Ford Coppola. He was born in the American Hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine, while his father was in Paris helping write the screenplay of "Is Paris Burning?" As a boy, he had minor, uncredited roles in both "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II". He attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Coppola began his directing career by overseeing in-camera visual effects and second unit direction for "Bram Stoker’s Dracula", which garnered a BAFTA Award nomination for Visual Effects. He has continued to do second unit direction throughout his career, including Francis Ford Coppola's "Jack", "The Rainmaker", "Youth Without Youth", and "Tetro"; collaborator Wes Anderson's "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou" and "The Darjeeling Limited"; and his sister Sofia Coppola's "The Virgin Suicides" and "Marie Antoinette". In the 1990s, Coppola established himself as an influential music video and commercial director. Through his production company, The Directors Bureau, he directed all four music videos for The Strokes' 2001 debut album, "Is This It", as well as "" for "Room on Fire". His other music videos include clips for Daft Punk, Lilys, Moby, The Presidents of the United States of America, Ween, Green Day, and Fatboy Slim. His music video for Phoenix's "Funky Squaredance" was invited into the permanent collection at the New York Museum of Modern Art. He has also been a supporter of cousin Jason Schwartzman's musical side project, Coconut Records. His first feature film, "CQ," premiered at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival and was well-received critically. Set in Paris in 1969, "CQ" centers on a young film editor trying to juggle his personal and professional life while simultaneously juggling a science fiction adventure and his own personal art film. Coppola's second feature, "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III", debuted in 2012 at the Rome Film Festival. Charlie Sheen starred as the title character, a graphic designer dealing with a break-up. The cast also included Bill Murray and Jason Schwartzman. Reviews for the film tended toward the negative. Coppola is also an inventor and entrepreneur, responsible for the Photobubble Company, Pacific Tote Company, and a number of projects through the "Special Projects" arm of his production company. 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2006 2007 2009 2013 2014 2015 2017 His company, 'The Directors Bureau Special Projects has several lines of business, including the Pacific Tote Company, a line of beach bags. The bags are handmade in California and known for their signature multicolor designs. </doc> <doc id="2338367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338367" title="Safdar Sarki"> Safdar Sarki Dr. Safdar Sarki, () (born December 25, 1965) a Pakistani-American physician and American citizen, is a former chair of the World Sindhi Congress and Secretary General of the Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz, an activist in the Sindhi nationalist movement, and a former detainee of the Pakistani government. As one of the many disappeared during the period of Gen. Pervez Musharraf's rule, the campaign to "find" him and get him released included prominent human rights organizations, including Amnesty International, and the Asian Human Rights Commission calling for his release, while "The New York Times" and other news organizations reported that his health was in jeopardy because the Pakistani government refused to allow him necessary medical attention. Sarki received his medical degree in Pakistan, but later moved to Texas, where he most recently operated a motel business. While his wife and children remain in Texas, Sarki traveled to Pakistan in early 2006. On February 24, 2006, he was seized and, according to eyewitnesses, beaten severely by members of the Pakistani security forces and held in secret for eighteen months. In October 2007, Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, then Chief Justice of the Pakistani Supreme Court, compelled the Pakistani government to acknowledge that it had detained and was continuing to hold Sarki, and order him brought before the courts for further inquiry. Pakistani police then announced that Sarki was being held on charges relating to possession of illegal weapons. In early November 2007, a local judge ordered that Sarki be granted bail and released from custody. Before either order could be carried out, Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf removed the Chief Justice from office and issued emergency decrees effectively ending the judicial inquiries into the matters of Sarki and of other detainees. The judge who granted Sarki bail was reportedly transferred to another district. Sarki's attorneys reported that he was imprisoned in Zhob, a remote area of Baluchistan, and that his physical condition had substantially deteriorated, requiring exigent medical attention. On December 8, 2007, a court in Baluchistan directed jail authorities to transport Sarki to the provincial capital of Quetta for diagnosis and treatment of an apparent degenerative optical condition, but the authorities defied the order. According to researchers for Human Rights Watch, Sarki has apparently been tortured by Pakistani authorities during his detention. After several delays, a renewed hearing on Sarki's detention has been set for January 28, 2008. Both Sarki's lawyers and Ali Dayan Hasan, a senior Human RIghts Watch official, told "The New York Times" that they fear further judicial proceedings will be postponed until Sarki's continued physical deterioration ends in his death. When asked about the case by "The New York Times" in January 2008, the Pakistani ambassador to the United States, Mahmud Ali Durrani, reported being familiar with the matter, but not in a position to respond to specific questions about it. On International Human Rights Day (December 10) in 2006, after his abduction, Sarki was awarded the annual Human Rights Community Award by the Washington, D.C.-based United Nations Association of the National Capital Area (UNA-NCA). The organization cited Sarki's leadership of the Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz, a secular political party advocating for the Sindhi population. He was released on May 2, 2008, after the Supreme Court of Pakistan ordered the heads of Pakistan's Military Intelligence and the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) to produce him or appear in court personally. </doc> <doc id="2338368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338368" title="John Patterson (pitcher)"> John Patterson (pitcher) John Hollis Patterson (born January 30, 1978) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals franchise. A "USA Today" prep All-American in his senior year at West Orange-Stark (Texas) High School, Patterson was drafted by the Montreal Expos in the first round (5th overall pick) of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft. Montreal lost the draft rights to Patterson on a legal technicality: they sent him a contract offer that was not printed on official team letterhead, and he signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks for $6.075 million. After a solid rookie season where he had a 3.22 earned run average (ERA), he had a disappointing season with the Diamondbacks. Patterson was traded back to the Expos prior to the season in exchange for Randy Choate, a left-handed relief pitcher. Always filled with immense potential – he featured a fastball in the mid-90s (miles per hour) along with a big curveball and a sharp slider – Patterson started to realize it while pitching for Montreal in 2004, when he had a 3.57 ERA in April. He got hurt soon after, though, and never regained his form for the rest of the year. Patterson had a breakout season in , posting a 9–7 record for Washington while setting career bests in ERA (3.13), innings pitched (198.3), and strikeouts (185) in 31 starts. His 15 no decisions were the most among MLB starting pitchers in 2005. On August 4, 2005, he pitched his first career complete game shutout against the Los Angeles Dodgers, with Washington winning 7–0. In 2009, "Washington Post" baseball writer Dave Sheinin named Patterson's performance the greatest pitching performance in Nationals history at that time. Early in , Patterson suffered an injury to his right forearm which had to be surgically repaired on July 20, and he did not return for the 2006 campaign. In , Patterson started the year dismally, going 1–5 in seven starts with an ERA of 7.47. His struggles with right forearm and nerve problems that had begun in 2006 continued. He went back on the disabled list on May 7, 2007, with elbow inflammation. He did not pitch the rest of the season, eventually opting for surgery in September 2007. On March 20, , the Nationals released him after four years with the franchise. On March 24, 2008, Patterson signed a minor league contract with the Texas Rangers. He was released on May 24, 2008. Unable to overcome the pain in his right forearm, he announced his retirement from baseball on January 7, . Patterson lives in Prosper, TX. On November 10, 2007, he married 2005 Miss District of Columbia Shannon Schambeau, who was fourth runner-up in the 2006 Miss America pageant. In 2010 Mrs. Patterson won the Mrs. Texas title associated with the Mrs. America competition. </doc> <doc id="2338374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338374" title="WEIU-TV"> WEIU-TV WEIU-TV channel 51 is a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member public television station in Charleston, Illinois. Its headquarters are at Eastern Illinois University, which is the origin of the call sign's letters. WEIU also airs EIU sporting events, such as football and basketball. WEIU's digital transmission facilities are located near Humboldt, Illinois. The station is licensed to broadcast a digital signal of 255 kW covering roughly an area between Effingham and Champaign, and between Decatur and Terre Haute. WEIU covers Champaign, Christian, Clark, Coles, Crawford, Cumberland, Douglas, Edgar, Effingham, Jasper, Macon, Moultrie, Piatt, Sangamon, Shelby, and Vermilion counties in Illinois and Vigo County in Indiana. WEIU-TV began operation on July 1, 1986 offering local news, public affairs, and instructional programming. On January 30, 1992 WEIU officially joined PBS. In 2006 it launched its digital broadcast signal on Channel 50 (tuned as channel 51). WEIU also operates a non-commercial WEIU-FM 88.9 ("Hit Mix 88.9"), and a college radio internet radio station, The Odysssey. The station does not air the regular PBS network schedule, as other stations in the market carry it. The station's digital channel is multiplexed: WEIU-TV shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 51, on February 17, 2009, the original target date in which full-power television stations in the United States were to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate (which was later pushed back to June 12, 2009). The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 50. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 51. In addition to its main station, WEIU also operates Your 13, a cable TV station offered to Consolidated Communications subscribers that presents educational, sports, informational and local Public-access television programming, plus Hit Mix 88.9 overnight. Unlike WEIU itself, some of the programs on Your 13 are funded by commercials. WEIU also broadcasts a variety of international programming on its second digital sub-channel 50.2/51.2. When WEIU signed on in 1986 it launched its first student-run news program called News Scan. When the program began a group of about 50 students produced two newscasts airing at 5:00 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. daily. The news took a brief departure from WEIU in 1990 when the number of students involved in the program began to drop. The news returned to the air later that year in February. In January 2002, the program changed its name from "News Scan" to News Watch. A half-hour newscast currently airs at 5:30 p.m. and a five-minute headline and weather broadcast airs at 9:57 p.m. The theme that was used for a while, is a production theme called This Just In by 615 Music, a theme sounding fairly similar to Al Ham's Move Closer to Your World. It also used the piece "Computer Incantations For World Peace" by Jean-Luc Ponty during its first years of News Scan. WEIU News Watch won its first EMMY in 2009 and its second EMMY in 2010. WEIU-TV and News Watch began broadcasting in HD for the first time on March 22, 2010. WEIU made history on this date by offering the first local newscast in HD for viewers in central Illinois. Up until June 2010, no commercial television stations in the market were producing news in HD, until WAND-TV became the first commercial television station to switch to HD. </doc> <doc id="2338386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338386" title="Italian Open"> Italian Open Italian Open may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338391" title="WEIU"> WEIU WEIU may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2338399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338399" title="V-weapons"> V-weapons V-weapons, known in original German as Vergeltungswaffen (, German: "retaliatory weapons", "reprisal weapons"), were a particular set of long-range artillery weapons designed for strategic bombing during World War II, particularly terror bombing and/or aerial bombing of cities. They comprised the V-1, a pulsejet-powered cruise missile, the V-2, a liquid-fuelled ballistic missile (often referred to as V1 and V2), and the V-3 cannon. All of these weapons were intended for use in a military campaign against Britain, though only the V-1 and V-2 were so used in a campaign conducted 1944–5. After the invasion of Europe by the Allies, these weapons were also employed against targets on the mainland of Europe, mainly France and Belgium. The V-terrorbombing killed approximately 18,000 people, mostly civilians. The cities London, Antwerp and Liège were the main targets. They were part of the range of the so-called Wunderwaffen ( or 'wonderweapons') of Nazi Germany. As early as 28 June 1940, a terror bombing rationale had been advanced for the A4 (V-2 rocket) being developed at a meeting between Army Ordnance Chief Emil Leeb and Commander-in-Chief of the Wehrmacht, Walther von Brauchitsch. Following the relative failure of the Baedeker Raids on Britain in 1942, development of both flying bomb and rocket accelerated, with Britain designated as the target. On September 29, 1943, Albert Speer publicly promised retribution against the mass bombing of German cities by a "secret weapon". Then the official 24 June 1944 Reich Propaganda Ministry announcement of the "Vergeltungswaffe 1" guided missile implied there would be another such weapon. After the first operational A-4 launch in September 1944, the rocket was renamed the V-2. (although no one knows exactly who gave it this name). However, the V-2 operations manual distributed to firing batteries continued to use the A-4 name for the rocket. Beginning in October 1943, launch sites for the V-1 were constructed in Northern France, along the coast from Calais to Le Havre. Aerial bombing attacks on these sites by the Allied airforce were only partially successful and by June 1944 they were ready for action. Prompted by the Normandy Landings of June 6, in the early morning of June 13, 1944, the first V-1 flying bomb attack was carried out on London. Ten missiles were launched of which four reached England. The first of these impacted near Swanscombe, causing no casualties. At Bethnal Green, however, a bridge was destroyed and six people killed and nine injured. After the 15th the attacks became sustained at a rate of about 100 a day. With the first attack the British put their pre-planned Operation Diver (after their codename "Diver" used for the V-1) into action. The buzzing sound of the V-1's pulse jet engine was likened by some to "a motor cycle in bad running order". As it reached its target and dived, the sound of the propulsion unit spluttering and cutting out, followed by an eerie hush before impact, was quite terrifying, though the silence was also a warning to seek shelter (later V-1s were corrected to have the originally-intended power dive). At least one business in London advertised how quickly a patron could access a nearby shelter. Despite this, the cloudy and rainy conditions of June and July aided the effectiveness of the weapon and casualties were high. By late August a million and a half people had left London and the rate of work production was affected. By the late summer and autumn, however, increasingly effective countermeasures against the V-1 were taken and people started returning to London. A total of 9,251 V-1s were fired at targets in Britain, with the vast majority aimed at London; 2,515 reached the city, killing 6,184 civilians and injuring 17,981. Croydon to the south, on the flight path of the V1s suffered severely taking 142 hits. V-2 rocket launching sites were set up by the Germans around The Hague in the Netherlands on 6 September 1944. The first was launched from here against London on 8 September 1944 and took an estimated 5 minutes to fly the 200 miles from the Hague to London where it struck at 6.43pm on 8 September on Chiswick causing thirteen casualties. As the V2 explosions came without warning, the government initially attempted to conceal their cause by blaming them on defective gas mains. However, the public was not fooled and soon began sardonically referring to the V-2's as "Flying gas pipes". By October the offensive became sustained. A particularly devastating strike was on 25 November 1944 when a V-2 exploded at the Woolworth's store in New Cross Road, killing 168 people and seriously injuring 121. Intercepting the supersonic V-2 missiles in flight proved virtually impossible and other counter measures, such as bombing the launch sites, were fairly ineffectual. Sustained bombardment continued until March 1945. The very last missiles arrived on 27 March 1945, with one of them killing 134 people and injuring 49 when it hit a block of flats in Stepney. 1,115 V-2s were fired at the United Kingdom. The vast majority of them were aimed at London, though about 40 targeted (and missed) Norwich. They killed an estimated 2,754 people in London with another 6,523 injured. A further 2,917 service personnel were killed as a result of the V weapon campaign. Since the V-2 was supersonic and could not be heard (and was rarely seen) as it approached the target, its psychological effect "suffered in comparison to the V-1"."" The V-weapon offensive ended in March 1945, with the last V-2 landing in Kent on March 27 and the last V-1 two days later. In terms of casualties their effects had been less than their inventors hoped or their victims feared, though the damage to property was extensive, with 20,000 houses a day being damaged at the height of the campaign, causing a massive housing crisis in south-east England in late 1944 and early 1945. The existential horror of the V-2 attack on London is the theme of Thomas Pynchon's novel "Gravity's Rainbow". The V-3 cannon, also designed to fire on London, was never used for this purpose due to Allied attacks on the launch facilities, specially the fortress of Mimoyecques, and the offensive in northern Europe in 1944, overrunning the launch sites. Consequently, its use was diverted, in the winter of 1944, to bombard Luxembourg, with minimal results. </doc> <doc id="2338401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338401" title="Proof of Life"> Proof of Life Proof of Life is a 2000 American action thriller film directed and produced by Taylor Hackford. The title refers to a phrase commonly used to indicate proof that a kidnap victim is still alive. The film's screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy, who also was a co-executive producer, and was inspired by William Prochnau's "Vanity Fair" magazine article "Adventures in the Ransom Trade", and Thomas Hargrove's book "The Long March to Freedom" in which Hargrove recounts how his release was negotiated by Thomas Clayton, who went on to be the founder of kidnap-for-ransom consultancy Clayton Consultants, Inc. The film stars Meg Ryan and Russell Crowe. During production, the two lead actors had a romantic affair. At the time, Ryan was married to Dennis Quaid, but the two divorced in 2001. The film garnered much reportage in the tabloid press in association with the lead actors' affair. The film is dedicated to Will Gaffney, an actor who was David Morse's stand-in. He was killed in an on-set accident during a scene in which Morse was not available, due to a family illness. Alice Bowman (Meg Ryan) moves to the (fictional) South American country of Tecala because her engineer husband, Peter Bowman (David Morse), has been hired to help build a new dam for oil company Quad Carbon. While driving one morning through the city, Peter is caught in traffic and then ambushed and abducted by guerrilla rebels of the Liberation Army of Tecala (ELT). Believing that Peter is working on Quad Carbon's oil pipeline, ELT soldiers lead him through the jungle. Terry Thorne (Russell Crowe), a former member of the British Special Air Service, arrives in Tecala fresh from a successful hostage rescue in Chechnya. As an expert negotiator in kidnapping-and-ransom cases, he is assigned by his company, Luthan Risk, to bargain for Peter's safe return. Unfortunately, it is learned that Quad Carbon is on the verge of bankruptcy and takeover, and therefore has no insurance coverage for kidnapping, so they cannot afford Thorne's services. Despite Alice's pleas to stay, Thorne leaves the country. Alice is then assigned a corrupt local hostage negotiator, who immediately urges her to pay the ELT's first ransom demand: a $50,000 "good faith" payment. Not knowing what to do, Alice agrees, but the transaction is stopped by Thorne who (due to his conscience) has returned to help. He is aided by Dino (David Caruso), a competing negotiator and ex–Green Beret. Over the next few months, Thorne uses a radio to speak with an ELT contact, and the two argue over terms for Peter's release—including a ransom payment that Alice can afford. Thorne and Alice bond through the ordeal, and become intimate. They eventually negotiate a sum of $650,000. Meanwhile, Peter has become a prisoner at the ELT's jungle base camp. There, he befriends another hostage named Kessler (Gottfried John)—a missionary and former member of the French Foreign Legion—who has lived in the camp for nineteen months. The two concoct an escape plan, but during their attempt they are quickly tracked by the ELT. Kessler falls into a river after being shot in the shoulder and manages to escape, but Peter steps on a trap and is recaptured. Kessler is found and hospitalized. Thorne's ELT contact subsequently refuses to respond to his calls. Luckily, one of Alice's young maids recognized his voice over the radio and reveals he is a government official. Thorne goes to a parade ceremony and confronts the contact; he confirms that Peter is alive, but because of the ELT's escalating war with the government and Peter's knowledge of the terrain, the ELT will no longer negotiate. At Thorne's urging, Alice and Kessler convince the Tecala government that the ELT is mounting an attack on the pipeline being built through their territory. This forces the government army to mobilize, thus forcing a bulk of the camp's ELT troops to mobilize for a counter-attack. Thorne, Dino, and several associates are then inserted by helicopter and raid the weakened ELT base. They overcome the camp's soldiers, free Peter and another hostage, and then fly back to the city, where Alice happily reunites with her husband. Thorne and Alice share a final intimate moment before the latter departs with Peter on an immediate flight to the U.S. Although the producers wanted to film in Colombia, due to the dangers that guerrillas posed in that country at the time, the movie was mainly filmed in Ecuador. The large piles of money used to pay for the rescue were sucres, the Ecuadorian national currency at the time of the filming. Tecala's geographic and urban appearance and its political characteristics were based loosely on a mix of several Andean countries. The ELT's characterization appears to be primarily based on the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). Coincidentally, Colombia's second largest guerrilla group is the Ejército de Liberación Nacional or ELN. Control Risks, a risk consulting firm, was hired to provide security for the cast and crew while filming on location. The firm also served as inspiration for kidnap and ransom consulting seen in the film. The movie end credit and post-script says: "Inspired by the VANITY FAIR article 'Adventures in the Ransom Trade' by William Prochnau and by the book "Long March to Freedom" by Thomas Hargrove. The Republic of Tecala, where most of "Proof of Life" is set, is a fictional South American country. Tecala has long been the scene of an internal conflict between its government forces and the Liberation Army of Tecala (ELT). The ELT was originally a Marxist guerrilla group supported by the Soviet Union, but after the Soviet Union's dissolution in 1991, the ELT's primary source of funding fell through, and they began kidnapping people for ransom to fund their operations. A map seen in the film is that of Ecuador. The country's capital Quito was chosen along with the eastern jungle and the nearby city of Baños de Agua Santa in the Ecuadorian Andes. The film opened in wide release in the United States on December 8, 2000 for 2,705 screens. The opening weekend's gross was $10,207,869 and the total receipts for the U.S. run were $32,598,931. The international box-office receipts were $30,162,074, for total receipts of $62,761,005. The film was in wide release in the U.S. for twelve weeks (eighty days). In its widest release, the film was featured in 2,705 theaters across the country. Stephen Holden, film critic for "The New York Times", did not think the film worked well and opined that the actors did not connect. He wrote, "[the film displays] a gaping lack of emotional connection among the characters in a romantic triangle that feels conspicuously unromantic... what ultimately sinks this stylish but heartless film is a flat lead performance by the eternally snippy Meg Ryan... Ms. Ryan expresses no inner conflict, nor much of anything else beyond a mounting tension. Even when her wide blue eyes well up with tears, the pain she conveys is more the frustration of a little girl who has misplaced her doll than any deep, empathetic suffering." Critic David Ansen gave the film a mixed review, writing, Taylor Hackford's thriller "Proof of Life" leaves a lot to be desired, but it's got its hands on a fascinating subject...To be fair, Tony Gilroy's screenplay keeps the romance on the back burner...Thorne is the most compelling aspect of "Proof of Life," thanks to Crowe's quiet, hard-bitten charisma. It's a part Bogart once would have played—the amoral tough guy who rises to the moral occasion—and Crowe gives it just the right note of gravel-voiced masculinity. But neither Crowe, Ryan nor the topical subject keeps "Proof of Life" from feeling recycled. For all the up-to-the-minute research, the movie still gives off the musty scent of Hollywood contrivance. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 40% based on 115 reviews; the average rating is 5.3/10. The consensus is: "Despite its promising premise and superstar cast, "Proof of Life" is just a routine thriller that doesn't offer anything new." The film was nominated for four Blockbuster Entertainment Awards; Favorite Actor – Suspense, Favorite Actress - Suspense, Favorite Supporting Actress – Suspense and Favorite Supporting Actress – Suspense. Danny Elfman was also nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Score at the 5th Golden Satellite Awards, but lost out to Gladiator (Hans Zimmer). </doc> <doc id="2338403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338403" title="Fairview Acres"> Fairview Acres Fairview Acres is or was the name of several communities in the United States: </doc> <doc id="2338404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338404" title="Luka Peruzović"> Luka Peruzović Luka Peruzović (born 26 February 1952) is a Croatian football coach and former player, who managed Belgium's Standard Liège, Charleroi and Anderlecht and Qatar's Al Sadd. He also holds a Belgian citizenship. As a player, Peruzović played for Yugoslavia in the 1974 World Cup and 1976 European championship. He played over 400 games for Hajduk Split in all competitions before following his former coach Tomislav Ivić to Anderlecht in 1980. Playing as centre-back or sweeper he helped them reach the 1982 European Cup semi-final and won the 1983 UEFA Cup Final against Benfica. After retiring he worked as a coach in Croatia, Belgium, France and Turkey. In December 2004, he was appointed manager of Al Ittihad, but lasted only three months until March 2005. He then coached Bahrain national team in their 2006 World Cup qualifiers, losing out the playoff to Trinidad and Tobago. He was named as the manager of Tunisian team CS Sfax in 2009, before returning to Belgium to take charge of Charleroi, his fourth stint at the club. Peruzović is the younger brother of WWE wrestler Josip Peruzović, better known as Nikolai Volkoff, who died on July 29, 2018, after having been in a hospital in Maryland where he had been treated for dehydration and other issues </doc> <doc id="2338418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338418" title="Baumanskaya (Moscow Metro)"> Baumanskaya (Moscow Metro) Baumanskaya () is a station on the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line of the Moscow Metro, named after the revolutionary Nikolai Bauman. It was designed by Boris Iofan and Yury Zenkevich and opened in 1944. The Art Deco design features white marble pylons with rounded corners, projecting, fluted piers faced with red ceramic tile, and decorative ventilation grilles. In the bays between each set of piers are bronze sculptures by V.A. Andreev depicting Russian soldiers and workers of the home front during World War II. At the end of the platform is a mosaic portrait of Vladimir Lenin. This station is very busy, as one of the biggest Moscow institutes (Moscow State Technical University) is located not far away. The station was closed in 2015 for repairs, maintenance and escalator shaft replacement. Baumanskaya is the second busiest station in Moscow Metro. The facts: A cryptic inscription is on the wall of station. It is situated near the first car stop towards the Shchyolkovskaya station just under the last ventilation lattice. The inscription is deeply carved in marble on about above the floor, is about in length and in height. It consists of two dates, divided by hyphen: 19 14/XI 46 - 19 15/XII 54 These dates translate to 14 November 1946 - 15 December 1954. The way of writing is very similar to the way dates are written on gravestones. The origin of that artifact is unknown. </doc> <doc id="2338425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338425" title="Snow College"> Snow College Snow College is a state college located in the city of Ephraim in rural central Utah, United States. It offers certificates and associate degrees in a number of areas, along with bachelor's degrees in music and software engineering and a four-year nursing program. Snow College is operated as part of the Utah System of Higher Education. Founded in 1888 by local citizens as Sanpete Stake Academy, the school was later renamed Snow Academy to honor Lorenzo Snow and Erastus Snow, cousins who were leaders in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). It is one of the oldest junior colleges west of the Mississippi. The name was changed to Snow College in 1923. The college was transferred from the LDS Church to the State of Utah in 1931. The college has an enrollment of approximately 5,100 students. In addition to the main () Ephraim campus, Snow College maintains the Snow College Richfield Campus () in Richfield, Utah. The Utah State Board of Regents granted permission in 2016 for Snow College to offer a bachelor's degree in software engineering. Snow College athletic teams, known as the Badgers, are consistently highly ranked; its football team went undefeated and won the National Junior College Championship in 1985, with the team inducted into the NJCAA Hall of Fame in 2010, and finished #2 in 2006. Along with football, Snow College participates in women's volleyball, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's basketball, softball, and rodeo. In addition to athletics, Snow College has a notable music program. The Horne School of Music has been an accredited member of the National Association of Schools of Music since 1997, and is also an All Steinway School. Some Snow College music graduates go on to play in some of the finest groups and colleges in the world. In addition, Snow hosts a number of music camps held annually. In 2012, the Horne School of Music began offering the first baccalaureate program in the history of the college, a Bachelor of Music degree in Commercial Music. The theatre arts program at Snow College is accredited by the National Association of Schools of Theatre and is affiliated with the Juilliard Drama Division. It regularly produces five major productions each year as well as a student produced season of Black Box productions and a summer program featuring instructors from the Juilliard Drama Division. The graduates from the theatre arts program are regularly accepted into upper division and graduate programs nationally and are frequently found in professional theatre companies and businesses throughout the United States. Snow also has one of the lowest tuition rates of accredited institutions of higher education in Utah, set at $1,598 + $198 fees per semester (for the 2016-2017 academic year). </doc> <doc id="2338428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338428" title="Pyramidalis muscle"> Pyramidalis muscle The pyramidalis is a small triangular muscle, anterior to the rectus abdominis muscle, and contained in the rectus sheath. Inferiorly, the pyramidalis attaches to the pelvis in two places: the pubic symphysis and pubic crest, arising by tendinous fibers from the anterior part of the pubis and the anterior pubic ligament. Superiorly, the fleshy portion of the pyramidalis passes upward, diminishing in size as it ascends, and ends by a pointed extremity which is inserted into the linea alba, midway between the umbilicus and pubis. The pyramidalis is innervated by the ventral portion of T12. The inferior and superior epigastric arteries supply blood to this muscle. The pyramidalis muscle is present in 80% of human population.This muscle may be absent on one or both sides; the lower end of the rectus then becomes proportionately increased in size. Occasionally it is double on one side, and the muscles of the two sides are sometimes of unequal size. It may also extend higher than the usual level. The pyramidalis, when contracting, tenses the linea alba. While making the longitudinal inscision for a classical caesarean section, the pyramidalis is used to determine midline and location of the linea alba. </doc> <doc id="2338453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338453" title="Transversus thoracis muscle"> Transversus thoracis muscle The transversus thoracis muscle () lies internal to the thoracic cage, anteriorly. It is a thin plane of muscular and tendinous fibers, situated upon the inner surface of the front wall of the chest. It is in the same layer as the subcostal muscles and the innermost intercostal muscles. It arises on either side from the lower third of the posterior surface of the body of the sternum, from the posterior surface of the xiphoid process, and from the sternal ends of the costal cartilages of the lower three or four true ribs. Its fibers diverge upward and lateralward, to be inserted by slips into the lower borders and inner surfaces of the costal cartilages of the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth ribs. The lowest fibers of this muscle are horizontal in their direction, and are continuous with those of the transversus abdominis; the intermediate fibers are oblique, while the highest are almost vertical. This muscle varies in its attachments, not only in different subjects, but on opposite sides of the same subject. The muscle is supplied by the anterior rami of the thoracic spinal nerves (intercostal nerves). It is almost completely without function, but it separates the thoracic cage from the parietal pleura. It depresses the ribs. Contraction of this muscle aids in exertional expiration by decreasing the transverse diameter of the thoracic cage. </doc> <doc id="2338455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338455" title="Moné"> Moné Ramona DeSouza, more popularly known as Moné, is an American music recording artist and songwriter. She scored three hits on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart: "We Can Make It" (#1, 1995), "Movin'" (#2, 1996) and "Partay Feeling" (As B-Crew featuring Barbara Tucker, Dajae, Ultra Nate and Moné) (#22, 1997). In the UK Singles Chart, "We Can Make It" (#64, 1995) and "Movin'" (#48, 1996) each spent one week in that listing. In 2010, she participated in an E!'s documentary series about eating disorders titled "What's Eating You", in which Moné received therapy for her bulimia nervosa, which developed from adjustable gastric band surgery. During the course of the documentary, she recorded "A Brighter Day" on Techntoniks Recordings. </doc> <doc id="2338456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338456" title="Monopole (wine)"> Monopole (wine) A monopole (French for 'monopoly') is an area controlled by a single winery (wine company) and can be as small as a named vineyard ("lieu-dit") or as large as an entire" appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC). Frequently this is mentioned on the label as it is rare for only one winery to produce all the wine from an area entitled to a certain name. Each wine is sold by only one company. The Napoleonic inheritance laws typically caused vineyards to be so finely divided among inheritors -down to even a single row of vines- that "négociants" are needed to bottle commercial quantities of a wine. Whether a "monopole" indicates a wine of unusual quality or not is a matter of debate. In Burgundy: Others </doc> <doc id="2338492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338492" title="Scream (comics)"> Scream (comics) Scream (Donna Diego) is a fictional supervillainess from "Spider-Man". She is one of five symbiote spawns created simultaneously. Scream first appeared in "" #4 (May 1993), and was created by David Michelinie and Ron Lim. Scream was one of the five symbiotes that were forcefully spawned from the original Venom symbiote. She was their unofficial Californian leader. Like the other four hosts, she was a volunteer for the Life Foundation; a survivalist group within the American government preparing both for the mutually assured destruction fallout of the Cold War and to provide a comfortable life for their wealthy clients after the impending nuclear holocaust. The Life Foundation was experimenting with the Venom symbiote in the hopes of creating so-called 'super-cops' to watch over their imagined fallout shelter utopia. Donna was picked from the organization's security force, made up of police, soldiers, and mercenaries. During Scream's first public appearance, she encountered Spider-Man while terrorizing a shopping mall near Salinas, California. Quickly bested by the more experienced fighter, Scream escaped in a hovercraft which returned to the Life Foundation's base. Unknown to her, Spider-Man had hitched a ride on that same hovercraft. Once inside he helped Eddie Brock (who was being held prisoner there) escape and bond with his symbiote. Scream and the other guardian symbiotes then tangled with Spider-Man and Venom, but Venom turned an accelerated aging device on them. The age-accelerating machine appeared to make the symbiotes age to dust. Venom and Spider-Man escaped and the Life Foundation blew up the base. Later it was revealed that Scream and her "siblings" survived, and the Life Foundation was able to save them and their symbiotes. All of a sudden, for some reason, the Guardians had a falling out with their previous employers and now were fugitives on the run. Scream led the others to New York City in search of Venom, hoping that he would help teach them how to control their maturing symbiotes. Venom wanted nothing to do with them, and battled Scream. Venom disappeared, and Scream attempted to enlist the Scarlet Spider to help find him. When he refused, Scream experienced a psychotic break and began a rampage in Times Square. Humiliated by Venom (who ripped pieces of her symbiote off her) and narrowly saved by the Scarlet Spider, Scream disappeared again. Undiscouraged, Scream rounded up her "siblings" and broke the now-powerless Eddie Brock out of prison, kidnapping him and imprisoning him in a Chicago warehouse. She once again asked for his help in learning to communicate with the symbiotes. Eddie once again refused and tried to kill them all, even though he had no symbiote to back him up. Eddie escaped, and soon after the Life Foundation symbiotes were murdered, one by one. Scream led them to believe that Eddie Brock was the killer, while in fact, it had been her the entire time. She had come to the conclusion that all symbiotes are evil, and those that bonded with symbiotes deserved to die. It was revealed that she was mentally ill and had been hearing voices long before she became host to her "other" (suggesting that she was schizophrenic). Eddie managed to re-bond with the Venom symbiote before Scream could kill him. While he could not prevent her from murdering every other symbiote's host, Venom was nevertheless able to beat her in combat yet again and Scream was taken in by the authorities. Following the symbiote invasion of Earth in the Planet of the Symbiotes storyline, Donna became one of the few remaining symbiotes on Earth. Seeking to redeem herself for her crimes, she busied herself tracking down and helping benevolent symbiotic survivors. After her companions began dying mysteriously, Donna tracked Xenophage, a huge alien that devours both symbiotes and the brains of their hosts. Donna assisted Venom in slaying the beast but was gravely injured. After her recovery, Scream sought out the Xenophage's hidden ship to help her track down more of the symbiotic survivors. The ship transported her and others (including Venom and Wolverine) into another dimension where Scream was nearly killed once again by the villainous mutants Dirtnap and Chimera. Upon her successful return to Earth, she disappeared, presumably to continue her search for the few remaining symbiotes. Scream appeared in two panels of the Marvel Super Hero Island Adventures comic giveaway from 1999, as she is shown to be a member of the Sinister Syndicate. She is referred to as 'Scream' in the comics for the first time. Donna's family name - Diego - was first established in "Civil War - Battle Damage Report" in 2007, many years after her first appearance as a character in the Marvel Universe. In these files she is quoted as being an "enemy combatant" to the forces of the . Scream is next seen investigating the murder of Scott Washington (the symbiotic hero called Hybrid). She is trapped by a powerless Eddie Brock. With Donna's symbiote incapacitated by a sonic device, Brock uses a super-heated knife to kill her. Scream's superhuman abilities stem from her alien symbiote. The beast can mimic clothing and camouflage Donna. She often uses her 'hair' as a weapon, to wrap or tangle enemies, much like Medusa of the Inhumans. Like Spider-Man and Venom, Scream has wall-crawling and web-slinging abilities, and also boasts an early-warning sense. Scream also possesses some degree of superhuman strength, the exact limits of which are unknown. Scream appears in the Islands of Adventure ride "The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man", voiced by Candi Milo. This version is a member of the Sinister Syndicate. During the ride, Scream attacks guests with her claws and hisses at them, but is pulled backwards by Doctor Octopus, attempting to claim the guests for himself. Later, she and the Hobgoblin charge at Spider-Man while the vehicles are in the air, and is seen being kicked backwards by Spider-Man. She appears during the final scene, webbed up with the rest of the Sinister Syndicate. </doc> <doc id="2338496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338496" title="Replay (Play album)"> Replay (Play album) Replay is the second studio album by Swedish girlband Play, released on 10 June 2003. It contains covers from British artists such as Billie Piper, Liberty X and Atomic Kitten. The first single off the album was "I Must Not Chase the Boys". The album peaked at #67 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. "Billboard" named "I Must Not Chase Boys" #76 on their list of 100 Greatest Girl Group Songs of All Time. Several songs on "Replay" are covers of the original versions by their respective artists: Other songs on the album were later covered by other artists: "Replay" peaked at #67 on the "Billboard" 200 chart on June 28, 2003. </doc> <doc id="2338502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338502" title="Delta Force: Xtreme"> Delta Force: Xtreme Delta Force: Xtreme is a budget first-person shooter video game developed and published by NovaLogic for Microsoft Windows. It is the seventh title (excluding console titles) of the series. As a budget title, it reuses levels from previous Delta Force titles. The game is centered on three campaigns, focusing on preventing drug shipments in Peru, to eliminating terrorist threats in Chad and Novoya Zemlya. "Delta Force: Xtreme" focuses on three campaigns from Delta Force: Peru, Chad, and Novaya Zemlya. The game's Single Player (unlike previous titles), introduces vehicular combat, but mostly on-foot combat to keep the balance. The game also features the "old style" scope that was present in the first four Delta Force titles. Gametypes (Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, King of the Hill, etc.) from the original Delta Force have also been brought back. "Delta Force: Xtreme" received "mixed" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. </doc> <doc id="2338516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338516" title="Bahrain Football Association"> Bahrain Football Association The Bahrain Football Association () is the governing body of football in Bahrain, and controls the Bahrain national football team. It was founded in 1957, and has been a member of FIFA since 1968. It is a member of the Asian Football Confederation. The Association's President is Shaikh Ali bin Khalifa Al Khalifa. The Vice-President is Sheikh Ali Bin Khalifa Al-Khalifa. The General Secretary is Ebrahim Saad Al Buainain. The National Men's Team Coach is Miroslav Soukop (Czech Republic) and the Women's Team Coach is Khaled Al-Harban. Bahrain Football Association Bahrain National Stadium, P.O. Box 5464, MANAMA, Bahrain Tel.: +973/17 689 569 Fax: +973/17 781 188 Official website: http://www.bfa.bh/ In November 2017, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, and Bahrain pulled out of the 23rd Arabian Gulf Cup due to the 2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. </doc> <doc id="2338535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338535" title="Information Operations Condition"> Information Operations Condition INFOCON (short for Information Operations Condition) is a threat level system in the United States similar to that of FPCON. It is a defense system based primarily on the status of information systems and is a method used by the military to defend against a computer network attack. There are five levels of INFOCON, which recently changed to more closely correlate to DEFCON levels. They are: In computer science, ThreatCon is a system used by computer security company Symantec in order to assess how dangerous a software or networking exploit is to the global internet and communications network. There are four levels of ThreatCon in this manner: In the TV Series, "Crisis" , the US government goes to INFOCON 2 when Francis Gibson has a massive cyber attack initiated upon the United States, nearly bringing it to war with China. </doc> <doc id="2338549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338549" title="Any Given Thursday"> Any Given Thursday Any Given Thursday is a live CD/DVD by John Mayer, recorded in Birmingham, Alabama at the Oak Mountain Amphitheater on September 12, 2002, during the "Room for Squares" tour. The album quickly peaked at #17 on the Billboard 200 chart. It features mostly songs from "Room for Squares", as well as several covers, including "Lenny" by Stevie Ray Vaughan and "Message in a Bottle" by The Police. Covers have since become a regular feature in Mayer's live shows. Though mostly featuring songs from "Room For Squares", the album also features "Man On The Side" (co-written with Cook and appeared on the Lo-Fi Master's Demo) and "Covered in Rain", neither of which have ever been released on a studio recording. "Covered in Rain", according to a documentary included in the DVD release, is "part two" of the song "City Love", which features the line, "covered in rain." The concert features songs previously not heard, such as "Something's Missing", which appeared on "Heavier Things", his following album. It also features "Comfortable" from his original EP, "Inside Wants Out". John Mayer also features his newly recorded song at the time " 3x5 " The DVD contained several features in addition to the concert: an audio commentary of the concert by Mayer and his friend Scotty Crowe (whose blog is hosted on Mayer's site since 2006), a photo gallery from the tour (not exclusively the concert shown in the video itself), and a documentary of an interview with Mayer entitled, "The Morning After", in which Mayer talks about his influences, some meanings of songs, and just general information about Mayer. The video was taken the Friday morning after the concert. The CD/DVD received conservative consistent praise with critics torn between his pop-idol image, and (at the time) emerging guitar prowess. Erik Crawford (of Allmusic) asked "Is he the consummate guitar hero exemplified when he plays a cover of Stevie Ray Vaughan's 'Lenny', or is he the teen idol that the pubescent girls shriek for after he plays 'Your Body Is a Wonderland'?" Billboard called the DVD "a great introduction to a rising star." David Browne, with "Entertainment Weekly", gave the album a B- saying, "one wishes Mayer were a more convincing rebel, but at least he doth protest a little." Commercially, "Any Given Thursday" entered the Billboard Albums Top 100 chart at number 34. It peaked at #23 for one week, and spent a total of 12 weeks on the chart. It quickly peaked at #17 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. In Australia, the DVD is certified 3x platinum by ARIA for sales of 45,000 copies. All songs written by John Mayer unless noted otherwise. </doc> <doc id="2338552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338552" title="Stanford Parris"> Stanford Parris Stanford Elmer "Stan" Parris (September 9, 1929 – March 27, 2010) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He represented Virginia's 8th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives for six two year terms. He served in the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, Virginia House of Delegates, and also as Virginia Secretary of the Commonwealth. He served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War, earning several medals. Parris was born in Champaign, Illinois and educated in the public schools there. He earned a B.S. at University of Illinois (1950), and an LL.B. at the George Washington University (1958) while working as a doorkeeper at the United States Senate. He was a U.S. Air Force F-84 Thunderjet jet fighter aircraft pilot in the Korean War, and was shot down once and rescued. His military decorations include the Distinguished Flying Cross with cluster, Air Medal with clusters, Purple Heart, Presidential Unit Citation (Korea), and Presidential Unit Citation (United States). Following his discharge from the military, Parris worked briefly as an airline pilot, before starting law school. He was admitted to the bar in 1958, and set up a private law practice in Alexandria, Virginia. Parris was president of a Chrysler dealership in Woodbridge, Virginia and the Flying Circus Aerodrome, an air show. Parris was elected to the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors and served one term (1964–1967). In 1969, he was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates and served from April 11, 1969 to November 21, 1972. He was elected in 1972 to the United States House of Representatives, but lost his 1974 reelection bid to Democrat Herb Harris in the post-Watergate scandal. However, in the 1980 House elections, he defeated Harris by 1,090 votes. He sought his party's nomination for the 1985 election of Governor of Virginia, but withdrew in May. In 1989, Parris again ran for Governor of Virginia. He lost in the Republican primary to former Attorney General Marshall Coleman and former United States Senator Paul S. Trible. He also served a term as Virginia Secretary of the Commonwealth in the late 1970s. In the 93rd Congress, Parris was a member of the House Committee on Science and Technology, its subcommittees on Aeronautics and Space Technology, Science, Research, and Development and Energy. Economic woes and a federal budget stalemate contributed to his 1990 election loss to then Alexandria mayor James P. Moran, Jr. Parris was also known for introducing a bill during his first term which prohibited the National Football League from imposing television blackouts of sold-out games. His position as the ranking Republican member of the House District Committee often put him at odds with the city government of the District of Columbia, and resulted in frequent quarreling with the mayor, Marion Barry. Parris thought about running for the United States Senate in 1982 after Harry F. Byrd, Jr. retired, but opted to run for reelection to the House after Harris sought to regain his old seat. He defeated Harris by 1,600 votes, spending $700,000 in Virginia's most expensive congressional campaign up to that point. He defeated State Senator Dick Saslaw with somewhat less difficulty in 1984, and easily defeated underfunded Democrats in 1986 and 1988. However, in 1990, he lost to Alexandria mayor Jim Moran by seven points in what is still considered an upset. During the campaign, Parris, referring to the issue of the Gulf War, said, "The only three people I know who support Saddam Hussein's position are Moammar Gadhafi, Yasser Arafat, and Jim Moran." Moran angrily responded by saying that Parris was "a deceitful, fatuous jerk", and that he wanted "to break his nose". Moran's well-financed campaign also focused on Parris' opposition to abortion. Moran upset Parris, winning by 7.1 percent. President George H. W. Bush appointed him to a seven-year term as President of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation in 1991, weeks after he left Congress. He resigned four years later to run for a seat in the Virginia Senate. His primary residence after leaving Congress was in Melbourne, Florida; but he also owned property in Mathews County, Virginia. Stanford Parris died from heart disease on March 27, 2010 at his home in Mathews County in eastern Virginia. He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Upon the death of Parris, Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell said in a statement that Parris "played major leadership roles" in endeavors as varied as the establishment of the Torpedo Factory Art Center in Old Town Alexandria to flood control and closing the District of Columbia’s former Lorton Reformatory in Fairfax County, and that "He used his time on this Earth to help others, and to effectively advance the ideas and principles in which he believed." ! Year ! Subject ! Party ! Votes ! ! Opponent ! Party ! Votes ! ! Opponent ! Party ! Votes ! </doc> <doc id="2338555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338555" title="List of boat builders"> List of boat builders </doc> <doc id="2338567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338567" title="L.D.U. Portoviejo"> L.D.U. Portoviejo Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Portoviejo is a professional football club from the city of Portoviejo, Ecuador. They play in the Serie B, but have spent many years in the top-flight Serie A. Their rival team is Delfín, against whom they contest the "El Clásico Manabita". "As of December 30, 2015." </doc> <doc id="2338571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338571" title="Al McCandless"> Al McCandless Alfred A. McCandless (July 23, 1927 August 9, 2017) was a Republican politician from California. McCandless was born in Brawley, Imperial County, California, on July 23, 1927. He attended Los Angeles City schools and received a B.A., University of California at Los Angeles in 1951, McCandless served in the United States Marine Corps from 1945–1946 and 1950–1952, and attained the rank of Captain. He later worked as an automobile and truck dealer from 1953–1975, and was a member of the Riverside County board of supervisors from 1972–1982 and the Riverside County housing authority from 1974–1982. McCandless was elected as a Republican to the Ninety-eighth and to the five succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1983 – January 3, 1995) and was not a candidate for reelection to the One Hundred Fourth Congress. McCandless died at his home in La Quinta, California on August 9, 2017 at the age of 90. </doc> <doc id="2338574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338574" title="Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City"> Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City The Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City is located in Kansas City, Missouri and covers the 10th District of the Federal Reserve, which includes Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Wyoming, and portions of western Missouri and northern New Mexico. It is second only to the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco in size of geographic area served. Missouri is the only state with two main branches of Federal Reserve Banks, the other is located in St. Louis (Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis). Federal Reserve Notes issued by the bank are identified by "J" on the face of one and two dollar bills and the J10 on the face of other currency. The current president is Esther George. The first bank building was the R.A. Long Building at 928 Grand which opened on November 16, 1914 until a new $4.3 million building could be built across the street at 925 Grand which formally opened in November 1921 in Downtown Kansas City. Shortly after it was established, the bank rented space to outside tenants. President Harry S. Truman had his office in Room 1107 of the building from when he left the Presidency in 1953 until the Truman Library was completed in 1957. In 2002, the bank announced plans to build a new facility at 1 Memorial Drive 20 blocks south at 29th and Main on on a hilltop south of the Liberty Memorial. The historic 925 Grand Building was the oldest building of any Federal Reserve Bank operating at that time. It was sold to Townsend LLC in March 2005 and the Reserve leased back the structure until the new building opened. It was designed by Henry N. Cobb of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners. Since 1978, the Kansas City Fed has held an annual economic policy symposium. From 1978–1981, it was held at different locations, and from 1982 it has been held in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. From 1978 to 1981 the symposia focused on agricultural economic issues. Since 1981 topics have been more broad and the symposia have gotten broader attention. In 2003 and 2005, papers were presented at the symposium that were critical of the status quo, and predicted problems with the unseen risks of derivatives. These ideas in these papers were rejected at the time, but later were seen as having predicted the financial crisis of 2007-2010. The 2014 edition of the symposium was widely anticipated. Featuring a speech by European Central Bank president Mario Draghi, it was depicted as the point of emergence of a new consensus in the economics doctrine and institutions, stressing the importance of aggregate demand, countercyclical investments and fiscal policy in opposition to the so-called austerity policies of the Washington Consensus and Berlin View. This paved the way for quantitative easing to begin in 2015. The Fed operates a museum at its new site, called The Money Museum. It offers visitors opportunities to learn about the functions of the Federal Reserve system and America's financial systems. Features of the museum include interactive exhibits, a visit to the automated, multi-story cash vault where millions of dollars are secured — one of the largest in the region, viewing of the Harry S. Truman Coin Collection, and an opportunity to lift a real gold bar. The museum is open weekdays for self-guided tours and for one-hour guided tours, except holidays. Leaders of the Kansas City Federal Reserve are: Following are chairs of the board of directors of the Kansas City Federal Reserve since 1992. The following people are on the board of directors : According to the Kansas City's website the directors blended as follows: Class A - Three Class A directors represent commercial banks that are members of the Federal Reserve System. These directors are bankers who are nominated and elected by member banks within the Tenth Federal Reserve District, which includes western Missouri, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Colorado and northern New Mexico. Under the Class A category, a director will be elected by a specific group of member banks classified as either 1, 2 or 3. This classification is based on the total amount of capital and surplus for each commercial bank, with Group 1 banks being the largest. Each group within the class elects one director. Class B - Three Class B directors represent the public. Class B directors may not be an officer, director or employee of a bank or bank holding company. These directors are also elected by member banks under the same categories as Class A directors. Class C - Three Class C directors also represent the public, but are appointed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. This adds another layer to the blending of public and private control over the nation’s central bank. The Board of Governors also selects both the chairman and deputy chairman of each regional Federal Reserve Bank’s board of directors from among the Class C directors. These directors are highly insulated from banking relationships. They may not be an officer, director or employee of a bank or bank holding company. Additionally, these directors may not own stock in a bank or a bank holding company. The heist in the 2008 movie "Mad Money" takes place at a fictitious version of the bank. </doc> <doc id="2338581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338581" title="Alcon"> Alcon Alcon is a Swiss global medical company specializing in eye care products and headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. Alcon's American headquarters are located in Fort Worth, Texas. Alcon is a subsidiary of Novartis although the company announced intention to seek shareholder approval for 100% spinoff of Alcon eye care devices business in order to create an independent company in 2019. Alcon was founded in 1945 in Fort Worth, Texas, USA. The company started as a small pharmacy in Fort Worth and was named for its founders, pharmacists Robert Alexander and William Conner. Conner and Alexander focused on sterile ophthalmic products. Nestlé of Switzerland purchased Alcon in 1977. Alcon expanded its manufacturing capability with new plants in South America and Europe and drastically increased its investment in research. In 1979, Alcon acquired Texas Pharmacal Company which became Dermatological Products of Texas (and is now DPT Laboratories). In 1984, Alcon founded the Technical Excellence Award to promote achievements in R&D excellence and has awarded it to more than 100 recipients. The Alcon product line has expanded from pharmaceuticals to the surgical arena. Today, Alcon has operations in 75 countries and their products are sold in over 180 countries. Nestlé conducted an initial public offering of 25% of its stake in Alcon in 2002. The stock is traded under the ticker symbol ACL. In July 2008, Novartis purchased approximately 25% of Nestlé's stake in Alcon, with an option to buy Nestlé's remaining shares beginning in 2010. Novartis bought 52% stake from Nestlé for $28.1 Billion. This deal brought the total ownership of Novartis to 77%. Beginning January 2010 Novartis formally announced it will be completing the exercise options for finishing purchasing the rest of Alcon and then promptly continue to exercise merger and takeover of Alcon. On March 29, 2010, Alcon acquired Durezol and Zyclorin from Sirion Therapeutics. Alcon received regulatory approval to acquire the rights of Durezol emulsion in the US and the global rights, excluding Latin America, for Zyclorin from Sirion Therapeutics. On June 28, 2010, Alcon's Independent Director Committee announced that a recommendation by the Committee was an indispensable first step before the board of the company can decide on the merger proposal of Novartis AG, refuted Novartis’ public implications that it would be able to unilaterally impose the merger irrespective of the Independent Director Committee’s position once Novartis became Alcon’s majority shareholder. On July 8, 2010, Alcon's independent director committee (IDC) had set up a $50 million litigation trust to ensure company's minority shareholders get the best deal from bidder Novartis AG. </doc> <doc id="2338603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338603" title="It Ain't Easy (Long John Baldry album)"> It Ain't Easy (Long John Baldry album) It Ain't Easy is a 1971 album by Long John Baldry. According to extensive notes about Long John Baldry's career in the re-release 2005 CD, Rod Stewart was brought on board to produce "It Ain't Easy" for Warner Brothers. Soon after in 1970, Stewart met his former Bluesology bandmate Elton John at a party and the piano player joined on, too. Stewart and John each produced half of this bluesy album, with John contributing much of the piano work. Stewart brought in mate Ronnie Wood to play guitar, as well as many others who would appear on Stewart's "Every Picture Tells a Story", released later in 1971. The Baldry album features his biggest U.S. hit, "Don't Try to Lay No Boogie-Woogie on the King of Rock and Roll". Baldry once noted how Stewart's loose and late-night recording sessions affected the tracks, "especially those recorded on my thirtieth birthday when he showed up with cases of Remy Martin cognac and several measures of good quality champagne!" Baldry points out that "Don't Try to Lay No Boogie-Woogie on the King of Rock and Roll" was recorded "whilst on the floor". The 1971 release also features "Black Girl", an American folk song most associated with Lead Belly, though covered by the likes of Bob Dylan, the Grateful Dead, Dolly Parton and Nirvana. Baldry does a version singing with Maggie Bell, who also appeared on "Every Picture Tells a Story". "It Ain't Easy" also includes Willie Dixon's song "I'm Ready" and an Elton John-Bernie Taupin song, "Rock Me When He's Gone". It is possible that John, a budding star in the early 1970s, took his last name from Long John Baldry. Baldry and Stewart put a band together to promote the album on Baldry's first tour of the US. The band consisted of mostly players from Stewart's "Every Picture Tells a Story" album. Sam Mitchell on blues guitar, Micky Waller on drums, Pete Sears on bass, and Ian Armitt on piano. They were called "The Long John Baldry Blues Band" and played two tours of the US. 2005 Re-issue bonus tracks: </doc> <doc id="2338616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338616" title="Postsynaptic potential"> Postsynaptic potential Postsynaptic potentials are changes in the membrane potential of the postsynaptic terminal of a chemical synapse. Postsynaptic potentials are graded potentials, and should not be confused with action potentials although their function is to initiate or inhibit action potentials. They are caused by the presynaptic neuron releasing neurotransmitters from the terminal bouton at the end of an axon into the synaptic cleft. The neurotransmitters bind to receptors on the postsynaptic terminal, which may be a neuron or a muscle cell in the case of a neuromuscular junction. These are collectively referred to as postsynaptic receptors, since they are on the membrane of the postsynaptic cell. One way receptors can react to being bound by a neurotransmitter is to open or close an ion channel, allowing ions to enter or leave the cell. It is these ions that alter the membrane potential. Ions are subject to two main forces, diffusion and electrostatic repulsion. Ions will tend towards their equilibrium potential, which is the state where the diffusion force cancels out the force of electrostatic repulsion. When a membrane is at its equilibrium potential, there is no longer a net movement of ions. Two important equations that can determine membrane potential differences based on ion concentrations are the Nernst Equation and the Goldman Equation. Neurons have a resting potential of about -70mV. If the opening of the ion channel results in a net gain of positive charge across the membrane, the membrane is said to be depolarized, as the potential comes closer to zero. This is an excitatory postsynaptic potential (EPSP), as it brings the neuron's potential closer to its firing threshold (about -55 mV). If, on the other hand, the opening of the ion channel results in a net gain of negative charge, this moves the potential further from zero and is referred to as hyperpolarization. This is an inhibitory postsynaptic potential (IPSP), as it changes the charge across the membrane to be further from the firing threshold. Neurotransmitters are not inherently excitatory or inhibitory: different receptors for the same neurotransmitter may open different types of ion channels. EPSPs and IPSPs are transient changes in the membrane potential, and EPSPs resulting from transmitter release at a single synapse are generally far too small to trigger a spike in the postsynaptic neuron. However, a neuron may receive synaptic inputs from hundreds, if not thousands, of other neurons, with varying amounts of simultaneous input, so the combined activity of afferent neurons can cause large fluctuations in membrane potential. If the postsynaptic cell is sufficiently depolarized, an action potential will occur. Action potentials are not graded; they are all-or-none responses. Postsynaptic potentials begin to be terminated when the neurotransmitter detaches from its receptor. The receptor is then free to return to its previous structural state. Ion channels that had been opened by the receptor when the neurotransmitter was bound to it will now close. Once the channels are closed, ions return to their equilibrium states, and the membrane is returned to its equilibrium potential. Postsynaptic potentials are subject to summation, spatially and/or temporally. Spatial summation: If a cell is receiving input at two synapses that are near each other, their postsynaptic potentials add together. If the cell is receiving two excitatory postsynaptic potentials, they combine so that the membrane potential is depolarized by the sum of the two changes. If there are two inhibitory potentials, they also sum, and the membrane is hyperpolarized by that amount. If the cell is receiving both inhibitory and excitatory postsynaptic potentials, they can cancel out, or one can be stronger than the other, and the membrane potential will change by the difference between them. Temporal summation: When a cell receives inputs that are close together in time, they are also added together, even if from the same synapse. Thus, if a neuron receives an excitatory postsynaptic potential, and then the presynaptic neuron fires again, creating another EPSP, then the membrane of the postsynaptic cell is depolarized by the total of the EPSPs. </doc> <doc id="2338619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338619" title="Martin Berkofsky"> Martin Berkofsky Martin Berkofsky (9 April 1943 – 30 December 2013) was an American classical pianist, known primarily for his interpretations of music by Franz Liszt and Alan Hovhaness. Born in Washington, D.C., of Belarusian ancestry, Berkofsky began giving public performances from a young age. Later studies were with the Polish pianist Mieczysław Munz, with Konrad Wolff, and Walter Hautzig, as well as with Hans Kann in Vienna. He was active on VHF in the suburban Maryland area during his high school years, and in his later years, he was an amateur radio operator and assembled a VHF/UHF station on his property in Virginia. Some of Berkofsky's earliest professional engagements were as a member of New York's Long Island Chamber Ensemble, of which he was pianist for three years. In 1971 the ensemble met the composer Alan Hovhaness, and they subsequently gave an all-Hovhaness concert at Carnegie Recital Hall, which included the premiere of Hovhaness's "Saturn", op. 243, which Hovhaness had written for the ensemble. During his early years, Berkofsky traveled to Europe and twice recorded the long-lost Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra of Max Bruch. The first time was with the pianist Nathan Twining and London Symphony Orchestra in 1974. The second recording was with pianist David Hagan and the Berlin Symphony Orchestra in 1978. In addition to his research on this Bruch concerto, Berkofsky also did similar restoration of a duo piano concerto composed jointly by Felix Mendelssohn and Ignaz Moscheles. He also discovered in Paris, and subsequently edited and published, a previously unknown manuscript by Franz Liszt. After recovering from a motorcycle accident in Iceland in 1982, Berkofsky donated proceeds from some of his performances to various charitable causes. He later founded the Cristofori Foundation to facilitate this purpose. To celebrate his 60th birthday and recovery from cancer, Berkofsky embarked on a marathon concert tour, "Celebrate Life Run," running 880 miles across America's heartland and raising over US$80,000 for cancer research. He ran a second marathon six years later, "All Men are Brothers", named after a symphony of Alan Hovhaness, from the summit of New Hampshire's Mount Monadnock, to the Arlington, Massachusetts boyhood home of the composer. In 2009, Berkofsky participated in a concert to fund and unveil a memorial to Hovhaness in Arlington. In 2004, he presented the first Armenian performance of Hovhaness's piano concerto "Lousadzak" (1944), with the Alan Hovhaness Chamber Orchestra of Yerevan. With pianist Atakan Sarı, he gave the world premiere performance in Moscow of Hovhaness' 1954 Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra with the Globalis Symphony Orchestra. In 2005, he presented the Turkish premiere of "Lousadzak" with the Orchestra Academic Başkent, Ankara, perhaps the first performance of a Hovhaness work in that nation. That same year, his and Atakan Sari's recording of Hovhaness' Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra was released. In November 2006, again with Sarı, he gave the Armenian premiere of the Hovhaness Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra, with the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra in Yerevan. Another Hovhaness Armenian premiere was given in April 2008, with the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra in Yerevan, this time, Hovhaness' early "Prayer-Piano Concerto for Symphony Orchestra." At the same time, Berkofsky was awarded a Diploma by the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Armenia for his services to Armenian music. For a number of years he was one of the coordinators of a project to establish a central archive of Hovhaness' work in Yerevan, Armenia. Berkofsky lived in Casanova, Virginia and later Warrenton, Virginia. He lived in Iceland from 1982 until 1987. He died from cancer on 30 December 2013. Berkofsky has recorded for the EMI, Arts, Cristofori, Black Box, Koch International, Crystal, Vox Allegretto, Nimbus, Vox-Turnabout, FONO, Angel, Poseidon Society, and Musical Heritage Society labels. </doc> <doc id="2338628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338628" title="Don't Stop the Music (Play album)"> Don't Stop the Music (Play album) Don't Stop the Music is the third album of the Swedish girlband Play. It is the first album by the group to feature vocals from then new member Janet Leon, who replaced founding member and lead singer Faye Hamlin. In fact, many of the album's tracks are believed to have been originally recorded with Faye, as many years later an alternative version of Another Love Story was released featuring her vocals. It was released on 9 March 2004. This was the group's least successful album and did not chart on "Billboard". It is by far, Play's lowest selling album to date as of August 2008 compared to that of "Replay" and the RIAA certified Gold album "Play" </doc> <doc id="2338629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338629" title="Bimkom"> Bimkom Bimkom - Planners for Planning Rights () is an Israeli non-profit organization established in May 1999 by planners and architects seeking to address human rights concerns in their spatial and urban designs. Bimkom's goals include retroactively legalizing illegal construction in Arab neighborhoods and promoting greater public involvement in the planning process. Its strategies include community-planning activities, educational activities, and public out-reach activities. Bimkom has undertaken projects in the Negev Desert of southern Israel to aid Bedouin living in unrecognized villages. A plan for building 1,900 housing units in the Arab village of Isawiya, northwest of the road to Ma'ale Adumim was approved by the Jerusalem Municipality in 2005. According to then Jerusalem mayor Uri Lupolianski, it is one of 50 plans under way for improving the status of East Jerusalem residents and providing a solution for the acute housing shortage. </doc> <doc id="2338645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338645" title="Vanhojentanssit"> Vanhojentanssit Vanhojentanssit or wanhojentanssit in Finnish (English: "ball of the (new) seniors"), de äldstes dag in Swedish (English: "day of the (new) seniors"), is a formal prom held in Finnish upper secondary schools ("lukio") during the second year. It is a celebration of when the second-year students (of the three-year lukio) become the seniors of the school. The prom is usually held the day after the third-year students (the seniors) stop attending school and start studying for their matriculation exams in February. The people attending the dances are called "vanhat" ("seniors"). Sometimes the first word is spelled with a "w" for a more archaic feel. After the ball, the students attend a dinner in the evening, which is sometimes in a very formal restaurant. </doc> <doc id="2338651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2338651" title="Jambudvipa"> Jambudvipa Jambudvīpa () is the dvīpa ("island" or "continent") of the terrestrial world, as envisioned in the cosmologies of Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism, which is the realm where ordinary human beings live. The word Jambudvīpa literally refers to "the land of Jambu trees" where "jambu" is the name of the species (also called Jambul or Indian Blackberry) and "dvīpa" means "island" or "continent". Surya Siddhanta, an astronomical text, refers to Northern Hemisphere of the earth as Jambudvipa whereas the Southern hemisphere is referred to as Patala. According to Puranic cosmography, the world is divided into seven concentric island continents ("sapta-dvipa vasumati") separated by the seven encircling oceans, each double the size of the preceding one (going out from within). The seven continents of the Puranas are stated as Jambudvipa, Plaksadvipa, Salmalidvipa, Kusadvipa, Krouncadvipa, Sakadvipa, and Pushkaradvipa. Seven intermediate oceans consist of salt-water, sugarcane juice, wine, ghee, yogurt, milk and water respectively. The mountain range called Lokaloka, meaning "world-no-world", stretches across this final sea, delineating the known world from the dark void. Continent Jambudvipa ("Indian Blackberry Island"), also known as "Sudarshanadvipa", forms the innermost concentric island in the above scheme. Its name is said to derive from a Jambu tree (another name for the Indian Blackberry). The fruits of the Jambu tree are said, in the Viṣṇupurāṇa (ch.2) to be as large as elephants and when they become rotten and fall upon the crest of the mountains, a river of juice is formed from their expressed juice. The river so formed is called Jambunadi (Jambu river) and flows through Jambudvipa, whose inhabitants drink its waters. Insular continent Jambudvipa is said to comprise nine "varshas" (zones) and eight significant "parvatas" (mountains). Markandeya Purana portrays Jambudvipa as being depressed on its south and north and elevated and broad in the middle. The elevated region forms the varsha named "Ila-vrta" or "Meruvarsha". At the center of Ila-vrta lies the golden Mount Meru, the king of mountains. On the summit of Mount Meru, is the vast city of Lord Brahma, known as "Brahmapuri".