redundant identifying tag, but "a true signifier that accumulates and communicates meaning not explicit in the images or dialogue". In practice, Fellini shot his films while playing taped music because, as he explained in a 1972 interview, "it puts you in a strange dimension in which your fantasy stimulates you". For "La Strada", Fellini used a variation by Arcangelo Corelli that he planned to use on the sound track. Rota, unhappy with that plan, wrote an original motif (with echoes of the "Larghetto" from Dvořák's "Opus 22 Serenade for Strings in E major" ) with rhythmic lines matched to Corelli's piece that synchronize with Gelsomina's movements with the trumpet and Il Matto's with the violin. The film premiered at the 15th Venice International Film Festival on 6 September 1954 and won the Silver Lion. It was released in Italy on 22 September 1954, and in the United States on 16 July 1956. In 1994 a re-mastered print was financed by filmmaker Martin Scorsese, who has acknowledged that since childhood he has related to the character of Zampanò, bringing elements of the self-destructive brute into his films "Taxi Driver" and "Raging Bull". Janus Films is the current distributor of the film on video. Tullio Cicciarelli of "Il Lavoro nuovo" saw the film as "an unfinished poem," left unfinished deliberately by the filmmaker for fear that "its essence be lost in the callousness of critical definition, or in the ambiguity of classification," while Ermanno Continin of "Il Secolo XIX" praised Fellini as "a master story-teller": Others saw it differently. When the 1954 Venice Film Festival jury awarded "La Strada" the Silver Lion while ignoring Luchino Visconti's "Senso", a physical brawl broke out when Visconti's assistant Franco Zeffirelli started blowing a whistle during Fellini's acceptance speech, only to be attacked by Moraldo Rossi. The disturbance left Fellini pale and shaken and Masina in tears. Marxist critics such as Guido Aristarco rejected the film on ideological grounds, particularly objecting to what they considered Christian notions of conversion and redemption: "We don't say, nor have we ever said, that "La Strada" is a badly directed and acted film. We have declared, and do declare, that it is "wrong"; its perspective is wrong." The Venice premiere began "in an inexplicably chilly atmosphere," according to Tino Ranieri, and "the audience, who rather disliked it as the screening began, seemed to change opinion slightly toward the end, yet the movie didn't receive—in any sense of the word—the response that it deserved." Reviewing for "Corriere della Sera", Arturo Lanocita argued that the film "...gives the impression of being a rough copy that merely hints at the main points of the story ... Fellini seems to have preferred shadow where marked contrast would have been more effective." Nino Ghelli of "Bianco e Nero" regretted that after "an excellent beginning, the style of the film remains harmonious for some time until the moment when the two main characters are separated, at which point the tone becomes increasingly artificial and literary, the pace increasingly fragmentary and incoherent." Fellini biographer Tullio Kezich observed that Italian critics "make every effort to find faults with [Fellini's] movie after the opening in Venice. Some say that it starts out okay but then the story completely unravels. Others recognize the pathos in the end, but don't like the first half." Its French release the next year found a warmer reception. Dominique Aubier of "Cahiers du cinéma" thought "La Strada" belonged to "the mythological class, a class intended to captivate the critics more perhaps than the general public." Aubier concluded: In his March 1955 review for "Arts" magazine, Jean Aurel cited Giulietta Masina's performance as "directly inspired by the best in Chaplin, but with a freshness and sense of timing that seem to have been invented for this film alone." He found the film "bitter, yet full of hope. A lot like life." Louis Chauvet of "Le Figaro" noted that "the atmosphere of the drama" was combined "with a visual strength that has rarely been equalled." For influential film critic and theorist André Bazin, Fellini's approach was For Cicciarelli, Critical reaction in the UK and the US was equally mixed, with disparaging reviews appearing in "Films in Review" ("the quagmire of cheap melodrama"), "Sight & Sound" ("a director striving to be a poet when he is not") and "The Times of London" ("realism crowing on a dung-hill."), while more favorable assessments were provided by "Newsweek" ("novel and arguable") and "Saturday Review" ("With "La Strada" Fellini takes his place as the true successor to Rossellini and De Sica."). In his 1956 "New York Times" review, A.H. Weiler was especially complimentary of Quinn: "Anthony Quinn is excellent as the growling, monosyllabic and apparently ruthless strong man, whose tastes are primitive and immediate. But his characterization is sensitively developed so that his innate loneliness shows through the chinks of his rough exterior." In a 1957 interview, Fellini reported that Masina had received over a thousand letters from abandoned women whose husbands had returned to them after seeing the film and that she had also heard from many people with disabilities who had gained a new sense of self-worth after viewing the film: "Such letters come from all over the world". In later years, Fellini explained that from "a sentimental point of view," he was "most attached" to "La Strada": "Above all, because I feel that it is my most representative film, the one that is the most autobiographical; for both personal and sentimental reasons, because it is the film that I had the greatest trouble in realizing and that gave me the most difficulty when it came time to find a producer." Of all the imaginary beings he had brought to the screen, Fellini felt closest to the three principals of "La Strada", "especially Zampanò." Anthony Quinn found working for Fellini invaluable: "He drove me mercilessly, making me do scene after scene over and over again until he got what he wanted. I learned more about film acting in three months with Fellini than I'd learned in all the movies I'd made before then." Long afterwards, in 1990, Quinn sent a note to the director and his co-star: "The two of you are the highest point in my life -- Antonio." Critic Roger Ebert, in his book "The Great Movies", has described the current critical consensus as holding that "La Strada" was the high point of Fellini's career and that, after this film, "his work ran wild through the jungles of Freudian, Christian, sexual and autobiographical excess". (Ebert, himself, disagrees, seeing "La Strada" as "part of a process of discovery that led to the masterpieces "La Dolce Vita" (1960), "8 1/2" (1963) and "Amarcord" (1974)".) The years since its initial release have solidified the high estimation of "La Strada". It holds a 97% rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes from 31 reviewers who, on average, scored it 8.7 on a scale of 10. Its numerous appearances on lists of best films include the 1992 Directors' poll of the British Film Institute (4th best), the "New York Times" "Best 1,000 Movies Ever Made", and the "Greatest Films" list of "They Shoot Pictures, Don't They" (# 67) – a website that statistically calculates the most well-received movies. In 1995, the Catholic Church's Pontifical Commission for Social Communications issued a list of 45 films representing a "...cross section of outstanding films, chosen by a committee of twelve international movie scholars." This has come to be known as the "Vatican film list", and includes "La Strada" as one of 15 films in the sub-category labeled "Art". Pope Francis, has said it is "the movie that perhaps I loved the most," because of his personal identification with its implicit reference to his namesake, Francis of Assisi. During Fellini's early film career, he was closely associated with the movement known as neorealism, a set of films produced by the Italian film industry during the post-World War II period, particularly 1945–1952, and characterized by close attention to social context, a sense of historical immediacy, political commitment to progressive social change, and an anti-Fascist ideology. Although there were glimpses of certain lapses in neorealistic orthodoxy in some of his first films as a director, "La Strada" has been widely viewed as a definitive break with the ideological demands of neorealist theorists to follow a particular political slant or embody a specific "realist" style. This resulted in certain critics vilifying Fellini for, as they saw it, reverting to prewar attitudes of individualism, mysticism and preoccupation with "pure style". Fellini vigorously responded to this criticism: "Certain people still think neorealism is fit to show only certain kinds of reality, and they insist that this is social reality. It is a program, to show only certain aspects of life". Film critic Millicent Marcus wrote that ""La Strada" remains a film indifferent to the social and historical concerns of orthodox neorealism". Soon, other Italian filmmakers, including Michelangelo Antonioni and even Fellini's mentor and early collaborator Roberto Rossellini were to follow Fellini's lead and, in the words of critic Peter Bondanella, "pass beyond a dogmatic approach to social reality, dealing poetically with other equally compelling personal or emotional problems". As film scholar Mark Shiel has pointed out, when it won the first Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1957, "La Strada" became the first film to win international success as an example of a new brand of neorealism, "bittersweet and self-conscious". International film directors who have named "La Strada" as one of their favorite films include Stanley Kwan, Anton Corbijn, Gillies MacKinnon, Andreas Dresen, Jiří Menzel, Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Mike Newell, Rajko Grlić, Laila Pakalniņa, Ann Hui, Kazuhiro Soda, Julian Jarrold, Krzysztof Zanussi, and Andrey Konchalovsky. The film has found its way into popular music, too. Bob Dylan and Kris Kristofferson have mentioned the film as an inspiration for their songs "Mr. Tambourine Man" and "Me and Bobby McGee", respectively, and a Serbian rock band took the film's name as their own. Rota's main theme was adapted into a 1954 single for Perry Como under the title "Love Theme from "La Strada" (Traveling Down a Lonely Road)", with Italian lyrics by Michele Galdieri and English lyrics by Don Raye. Twelve years later, the composer expanded the film music to create a ballet, also called "La Strada". The New York stage has seen two productions derived from the film. A musical based on the film opened on Broadway on 14 December 1969, but closed after one performance. Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson, was so impressed by Giulietta Masina's work in "La Strada" that she tried to get the theatrical rights to the film so she could mount a stage production in New York. After traveling to Rome in an unsuccessful attempt to meet with Fellini, she created a one-woman play, "In Search of Fellini". "La Strada" won more than fifty international awards, including an Oscar in 1957 for Best Foreign Language Film, the first recipient in that category. </doc> <doc id="2339515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339515" title="Boise National Forest"> Boise National Forest Boise National Forest is a National Forest covering of the U.S. state of Idaho. Created on July 1, 1908, from part of Sawtooth National Forest, it is managed by the U.S. Forest Service as five units: the Cascade, Emmett, Idaho City, Lowman, and Mountain Home ranger districts. The Idaho Batholith underlies most of Boise National Forest, forming the forest's Boise, Salmon River, and West mountain ranges; the forest reaches a maximum elevation of on Steel Mountain. Common land cover includes sagebrush steppe and spruce-fir forests; there are of streams and rivers and of lakes and reservoirs. Boise National Forest contains 75 percent of the known populations of Sacajawea's bitterroot, a flowering plant endemic to Idaho. The Shoshone people occupied the forest before European settlers arrived in the early 19th century. Many of the early settlers were trappers and prospectors before gold was discovered in 1862. After the 1860s Boise Basin gold rush ended, mining of tungsten, silver, antimony, and gold continued in the forest until the mid-twentieth century. Recreation facilities include over 70 campgrounds, whitewater and flatwater boating, cabin rentals, and of trails for hiking, biking, horseback riding, and motorized off-road vehicle use. The Forest Service has an objective to maintain timber, range, water, recreation, and wildlife for multiple use and sustained yield of its resources. Archaeological evidence indicates that human habitation in Idaho began towards the end of the last ice age: bone fragments about 10,000 years old have been found in Wilson Butte Cave, an inflationary cave on the Snake River Plain believed to have been occupied by indigenous people until as recently as the 17th century. A change of climate around 7000 years ago dried up much of the Great Basin, forcing the Shoshone people northward into the mountainous areas of central Idaho. Most of what is now Boise National Forest was sparsely inhabited by Native Americans, and several archaeological sites, including campsites, rock shelters, burial grounds, and pictographs have been found along rivers in the area. Trappers and fur traders of European descent first arrived in the area in the early 1800s, starting with John Jacob Astor's Pacific Fur Company in October 1811. Donald Mackenzie and Francois Payette trapped in the area of Boise National Forest in 1819. By 1840, the fur trade was coming to an end, but the westward migration on the Oregon Trail, which passed south of the forest, was beginning. The first settlers moved into the mountains in the 1860s after gold was discovered in Idaho, which forced many of the Shoshone out and led to conflicts throughout the state, including the Bannock War in southern Idaho. Prospectors George Grimes and Moses Splawn were the first to discover gold in the forest at the eponymous Grimes Creek on August 2, 1862. Subsequent gold discoveries at Rocky Bar in 1863 and Atlanta in 1864 increased the rush of people to Idaho, and in 1863 Idaho City, with a population of 6,267, surpassed Portland, Oregon as the largest city in the Pacific Northwest. The Idaho gold rush was largely over by 1870, and the population of the Boise Basin fell from 16,000 to 3,500. In 1898 the forest's first gold dredge was built in Placerville and followed by several others. By 1951, when the last dredges shut down, at least 2.3 million ounces (65.2 million grams) of gold had been produced from the Boise Basin area. Silver was mined along the Crooked River from 1882 until 1921, but a silver mine at Silver Mountain proved unsuccessful. Following a shortage of mercury during World War II, mines in the Stibnite area became the country's largest producer of tungsten and second largest source of mercury. The most important known placer deposit of niobium and tantalum in the United States is located in Bear Valley. From 1953 until 1959, dredges there produced $12.5 million ($ today) in niobium, tantalum, and uranium. Other minerals mined in the forest include antimony and molybdenum. Boise National Forest was created on July 1, 1908, from part of Sawtooth National Forest, and originally covered . By the Forest Reserve Act of 1891, the U.S. Congress granted the U.S. President the authority to establish forest reserves out of Public Domain Lands that were subject to disposal (homesteads, sales, etc.) administered by the General Land Office, which had been placed under the authority of the U.S. Department of the Interior in 1849. With the passage of the Transfer Act of 1905, forest reserves were transferred to the U.S. Department of Agriculture in the newly created U.S. Forest Service. Present-day Boise National Forest was first protected as part of two forest reserves by proclamations issued by President Theodore Roosevelt: Sawtooth Forest Reserve (created on May 29, 1905, and expanded on November 6, 1906) and Payette Forest Reserve (created on June 3, 1905). After forest reserves were renamed national forests in 1908, Boise National Forest was split from Sawtooth National Forest into an independent national forest. On April 1, 1944, the entirety of what was then Payette National Forest was transferred to Boise National Forest, and simultaneously Weiser and Idaho national forests were combined to reestablish the present-day Payette National Forest, which is to the north of Boise National Forest. In 1933 the Boise Basin Experimental Forest was created on of the forest near Idaho City to study the management of ponderosa pine. The Lucky Peak Nursery was established in 1959 to produce trees for planting on burned or logged lands on the national forests of the Intermountain region. After the creation of the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) in 1933, nine camps and eight subcamps were set up in Boise National Forest, but the number of camps was reduced from 1934 until the program was closed in 1942. Work conducted by the CCC included fire suppression, fish habitat improvement, and construction of guard houses, fire lookouts, campgrounds, roads, and trails, among other facilities. Boise National Forest is managed by the U.S. Forest Service, an agency within the Department of Agriculture, as five units called ranger districts. The ranger districts are Cascade (), Emmett (), Idaho City (400,000 acres), Lowman (400,000 acres), and Mountain Home (); each has an office in their respective cities and is managed by a district ranger, while forest headquarters are located in the city of Boise. Congress proclaimed of Idaho part of Boise National Forest, but the forest manages only . The proclaimed boundary is set and can only be changed by Congress whereas the administered boundary can be shifted among adjacent national forests without congressional approval. For management (and from the visitor's perspective) the forest's boundaries are its administered area. Elevations in the forest range from in the North Fork Payette River Canyon to at the top of Steel Mountain, a gain of . The forest contains several subranges of the Rocky Mountains, including the Boise, Salmon River, and West mountain ranges. Much of the forest is underlain by the Idaho Batholith, and the forest is dominated by granitic rock, but intrusions of basalt can be found to the west and other volcanic rocks to the south. North of the South Fork Payette River and east of the North Fork Payette River, the forest is part of the Salmon River Mountains, which extend north and east outside the forest's boundaries. The South Fork Salmon River Range and the North Fork Range are subranges of the Salmon River Mountains within Boise National Forest. The Boise Mountains cover much of the southern portion of the forest and contain the forest's highest point, Steel Mountain, but the range's highest point, Two Point Mountain, lies outside of the forest's boundary. The Trinity Mountains are a subrange in southeastern part of the Boise Mountains that reach their peak at on Trinity Mountain. The westernmost portion of the forest south and west of Lake Cascade are part of the West Mountains, which reach their highest point at on Snowbank Mountain. The Danskin Mountains are a smaller range on the forest's southern border that run northwest to southeast. There are an estimated of perennial and intermittent streams and of lakes and reservoirs in the forest. The Forest Service provides access to and recreation opportunities at the seven reservoirs it borders, although it does not own or manage them. There are numerous natural lakes in the forest, most of which are tarns created by alpine glaciers during the Pleistocene. The largest, Warm Lake, is 26 miles (42 km) east of Cascade in Valley County; many of the smaller lakes are in the Trinity and West mountains. Annual water yield on the forest is estimated at 4.1 million acre-feet (5.1 × 10 m). The southern portion of the forest is drained by the Boise River, the central and western portions by the Payette River, northeastern portion by the Salmon River, and far western portions of the Emmett Ranger District by the Weiser River. All four rivers are tributaries of the Snake River, which itself is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Pacific basin. Daily high temperatures range from in winter to in summer, while lower elevations can experience conditions over . Idaho's mountain ranges can block Arctic air in the winter, but when cold air masses do enter the area, they sometimes stagnate in the Snake and Salmon river valleys, causing very cold temperatures to persist. Summer and fall are generally dry, while intense short-duration thunderstorms can occur in late spring and early summer as atmospheric moisture interacts with warm temperatures and steep topography via orographic lifting. During winter, warm, moist air from the Pacific Ocean often brings rain at lower elevations in addition to snowfall throughout the forest. The influence of these Pacific maritime air masses increases as latitude increases in the forest. Average annual snowfall ranges from in drier areas and at lower elevations to in wetter locations and higher elevations. The growing season within the forest ranges from over 150 days in lower elevations to less than 30 days in alpine areas. Boise National Forest is within the Idaho Batholith ecoregion, which is a level III ecoregion in the larger level I Northwestern Forested Mountains. In addition to species listed or proposed for listing as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act, the Forest Service maintains an independent listing of sensitive species for which it is directed to "develop and implement management practices to ensure that species do not become threatened or endangered because of Forest Service actions." As of February 2013 there were 27 species in Boise National Forest listed as sensitive species: 6 mammals, 1 amphibian, 1 fish, 13 birds, and 6 plants. An estimated 76 percent of Boise National Forest is forest, which according to the Forest Service is considered land capable of supporting trees on at least 50 percent of its area. The forests are primarily coniferous evergreens, dominated by Douglas fir and ponderosa and lodgepole pines at lower elevations and Engelmann spruce, subalpine fir, and whitebark pine at higher elevations. Grand fir and western larch (a coniferous deciduous tree) grow in the northern part of the forest where there are moister conditions. Quaking aspen, a broadleaf deciduous tree, grows both in stands among conifers and in monotypic stands throughout the forest at elevations above . Non-forested areas occupy 23 percent of the forest, primarily on south-facing slopes, lower elevations in the forest's southern latitudes, or high-elevation areas and are dominated by grasses, forbs, or shrubs. Sacajawea's bitterroot is a plant species endemic to central Idaho, including parts of Boise National Forest, being found nowhere else in the world. Only about two dozen populations of the plant are known to exist, and three-quarters of these are in Boise National Forest. It is usually found at elevations ranging from to above sea level and produces white flowers shortly after snowmelt. Boise National Forest is directed by the U.S. Forest Service to "control the establishment, spread, or invasion of non-indigenous plant species in otherwise healthy native vegetative ecosystems." The forest's plan addresses the need to control invasive plants, and management efforts include chemical, mechanical, and biological control methods. Invasive plants that are of particular concern in Boise National Forest include spotted knapweed, yellow star-thistle, rush skeletonweed, and leafy spurge, among others. The warmest, driest forested areas occur on south-facing slopes from to . Due to the occurrence of frequent non-lethal fires, ponderosa pine dominates these forests alongside Douglas fir. The understory consists of bluebunch wheatgrass, Idaho fescue, mountain snowberry, and bitterbrush in drier areas and elk sedge, pinegrass, white spirea, mallow ninebark, and common snowberry at higher elevations. In cool, moist areas ranging from to , Douglas fir is predominant. Lodgepole pine and quaking aspen may be found alongside Douglas fir in cooler areas, both moist and dry, but particularly where frost pockets form. Understories in this forest type are dominated by mountain maple, mountain ash, and blue huckleberry in moister areas and white spirea, common snowberry, elk sedge, and pinegrass in drier areas. Between and in the moist northern parts of the forest, grand fir is predominant and western larch is one of the first trees to become established during ecological succession following disturbances, whereas understories consist of mountain maple, mountain ash, blue huckleberry, and mallow ninebark. Subalpine fir dominates from to along with mountain maple, serviceberry, Scouler's willow, Sitka alder, menziesia, Utah honeysuckle, and mountain ash. Lodgepole pine dominates in cold, dry areas from to . The understory in lodgepole pine forests can be sparse but includes grasses, forbs, huckleberries, and grouse whortleberry, although fires in these forests are typically lethal to trees and understories alike. At the highest elevations, forests consist of subalpine fir alongside whitebark pine and Engelmann spruce. Grasses and forbs tolerant to freezing throughout the growing season occupy the understory. Sagebrush typically dominates drier, non-forested areas at lower elevations. Species that commonly occur with sagebrush include Sandberg bluegrass, wild onion, milk vetches, bluebunch wheatgrass, bitterbrush, gray horsebrush, green rabbitbrush, and others. In riparian areas below , trees such as black cottonwood, narrowleaf cottonwood, thinleaf alder, water birch, and mountain maple grow with shrubs including chokeberry and willows. Riparian areas in largely treeless habitats such as sagebrush steppe primarily consist of willows along with thinleaf alder, chokecherry, mountain maple, shrubby cinquefoil, fireweed, saxifrage, and grasses. Habitats in Boise National Forest support nearly 300 terrestrial vertebrate species and 28 fish species. The most common large animals are mule deer and elk, but other mammals present include moose, black bears, cougar, coyote, yellow-bellied marmot, beaver, porcupine, Canadian lynx, mountain goat, pika, river otter, muskrat, pronghorn, mink, bobcat, marten, and timber wolves. Timber wolves are top predators that were reintroduced amidst controversy to central Idaho in the mid-1990s to restore ecosystem stability. The wolves have since expanded their range and established packs in most of Boise National Forest. Wolves and mountain lions are the forest's top large mammal predators and have no predators of their own except humans. Most of the forest's native mammal species are present in the forest, with the exception of grizzly bears, which have become locally extinct, and plans for their reintroduction to central Idaho have been proposed since the 1990s but have not progressed. Of the 28 fish species present in the forest, 11 are not native and have been introduced by humans. Rainbow trout, chinook salmon, westslope cutthroat trout, bull trout, and mountain whitefish are all native to some of the forest's waterways, while brook trout are a common invasive species that compete with the forest's salmonids. The forest's management indicator species is bull trout because they are sensitive to habitat changes and depend on specific habitat conditions. Sockeye salmon are native to the Salmon River watershed in the northern part of the forest, but dam construction on the Columbia and Snake rivers has hampered the migration of this anadromous fish and caused its population to collapse. Warm Lake supports the forest's only native population of Kokanee salmon, the resident (non-migratory) form of sockeye salmon. However, due to introductions by humans, Anderson Ranch, Arrowrock, Lucky Peak, and Deadwood reservoirs now support populations of Kokanee salmon. To provide additional recreational fishing opportunities, the Idaho Department of Fish and Game stocks several of the forest's waterways with rainbow trout, while reservoirs are also stocked with Kokanee or chinook salmon and Lake Cascade is stocked with coho salmon and steelhead, the anadromous form of rainbow trout. Over 270 bird species have been observed in central Idaho, including 36 accidental species – those that are not normally found in the region but have been observed on at least one occasion. Golden eagles and greater sage-grouse can be found over sagebrush steppe, whereas bald eagles can be seen along rivers. The Forest Service has listed northern goshawks, flammulated owls, and white-headed woodpeckers as a sensitive species in the forest. The few amphibians present in the forest include the Rocky Mountain tailed frog, long-toed salamander, and Columbia spotted frog, which has been listed as a sensitive species. Common snakes include bullsnakes, garter snakes, and rubber boas. Boise National Forest's 2010 forest plan recognizes that fire and other disturbances play important roles in maintaining the character and function of ecosystems. However, previous management strategies (as recently as the 1990 forest plan) treated fire as an undesirable process, and the Organic Act of 1897 explicitly stated that forests were to be protected from destruction by fire. In historic conditions fires naturally occurred on the landscape; the suppression of fires allowed dead trees to accumulate in excess of historic levels and land cover types to change, such as a shift to higher shrub and tree densities. An estimated 14 percent of the land in Boise National Forest has been affected by fires since the early 1990s, and about 10 percent of the land capable of timber production was burned so severely that land cover shifted from forest to grass and shrubland (as of 2010). Between 2004 and 2013 an average of were burned by fires per year with a maximum of in 2007 and a minimum of in 2008. For example, in 2012 there were 26 fires started by people and 109 started by lightning, which together burned a total of . The Trinity Ridge Fire alone burned over two months, although it was not confined to Boise National Forest lands. The revised 2010 forest plan recognized the need to develop plans to manage wildfires at the wildland–urban interface, use prescribed fire as a tool to manage ecosystem health, and meet air quality requirements set by the Clean Air Act. The forest operates a fire management plan under federal fire policy that gives fire personnel direction for responding to unintended ignitions. Occasionally, area closures and restrictions on use, such as prohibition of campfires, are implemented to aid in wildfire prevention. Following severe fires, area closures may be put in place to protect the public from risks such as falling trees and landslides. Proactive fire management strategies include prescribed burns and mechanical reduction of fuel levels. For instance, in 2014 Boise National Forest planned to conduct of prescribed burns and of mechanical treatment. The forest seasonally maintains staff at seven fire lookout towers, while six others remain unstaffed. There are over 70 campgrounds in Boise National Forest and groups of more developed recreation facilities at the Trinity Mountains, Warm Lake, and Deadwood and Sage Hen reservoirs. As in most national forests, the majority of the land in Boise National Forest is open to dispersed camping (outside of developed campgrounds). One of the forest's fire lookouts, Deadwood Lookout, is now available as a cabin for the public to rent, among other sites. Bicycles are allowed on forest roads and on more than of multiple-use trails, whereas over of trails are open to motorized recreation. The Danskin Mountains Off-Highway Vehicle Trail System contains of motorcycle and ATV trails on of land that is generally open from April through November. The forest's Trinity Mountain Recreation Area includes the highest drivable (4-wheel drive recommended) road in Idaho, which ascends to the Trinity Mountain Lookout at an elevation of over . In 2013 revenues from recreation and special use fees amounted to $454,635, while expenses totaled ; the difference is allocated to the following season's startup costs. Rivers in Boise National Forest offer the opportunity for rafting and kayaking through rapids up to class four, with the most difficult sections on the South Fork and main stems of the Payette River. Numerous developed boat launch sites provide access to rivers for whitewater enthusiasts, and Dagger Falls is the primary launching site for visitors to the Middle Fork of the Salmon River and Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness. Motorized boating is permitted on Anderson Ranch Reservoir, Deadwood Reservoir, and Warm Lake. During winter, visitors to the forest can participate in activities including snowmobiling, snowshoeing, and downhill and cross-country skiing. The Bogus Basin ski area is located within the forest north of Boise and has 7 chairlifts and 53 runs on of skiable terrain. There are of groomed snowmobile trails in the Garden Valley system in the Emmett Ranger District and several Mongolian-style yurts available for rental in winter. Boise National Forest is home to three of Idaho's scenic byways, all of which are paved highways accessible to roadworthy vehicles. The Payette River Scenic Byway is an route between Eagle and McCall on Idaho State Highway 55. The route follows the Payette River between McCall and Horseshoe Bend, but the majority of the highway does not pass through Boise National Forest; only a small portion north of Horseshoe Bend is in the Emmett Ranger District. Over half of the Wildlife Canyon Scenic Byway, which travels between highway 55 and Lowman, passes through the forest, parallels the South Fork of the Payette River, and is signed as the Banks-Lowman Road. The Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway is a road between Stanley and Boise following Idaho State Highway 21. This route passes over Arrowrock Reservoir and through Idaho City and Lowman, where it connects with the Wildlife Canyon Byway. North and east of Lowman the byway partially follows the South Fork of the Payette River before ascending to the Banner Creek Summit at the forest's boundary with Salmon-Challis National Forest. </doc> <doc id="2339517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339517" title="Luzón"> Luzón Luzón is a municipality in the "comarca" of Señorío de Molina-Alto Tajo, province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, in central Spain. According to the 2012 census of the INE, the municipality has a population of only 79 inhabitants, having undergone a severe population decline since the last half of the twentieth century. Luzón is located on top of a small hillock peaked by the parish church which is dedicated to Saint Peter the Apostle and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sigüenza-Guadalajara. This town lies in the Tajuña river valley, at the feet of the Sierra de Solorio range, Sistema Ibérico. The nearest towns are Anguita to the west and Maranchón to the east. </doc> <doc id="2339518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339518" title="Personal protection officer"> Personal protection officer Personal Protection Officers are officers of the Metropolitan Police Royalty and Diplomatic Protection Department who are assigned for the personal protection of members of the Royal Family. It is not revealed which members of the family have 24-hour protection, but they are generally understood to include (at least) as of November 2011: The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh; The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall; The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge; The Duke and Duchess of Sussex; The Duke of York; Princess Beatrice; Princess Eugenie; The Earl and Countess of Wessex and The Princess Royal. </doc> <doc id="2339522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339522" title="Eliezer Dob Liebermann"> Eliezer Dob Liebermann Eliezer Dob Liebermann (12 April 1820 - 15 April 1895) was a Russian Hebrew-language writer of Jewish origin. He was born in Pilvischok in the region of Suwałki. His father was a shohet, a kosher butcher, and gave him a normal Jewish education. At the age of twelve he was sent to his uncle R. Elijah Schick ("Reb Elinke Lider"), then the rabbi of Amstibove, who instructed him in Talmud and rabbinical literature. In 1838 he went to Vilna and joined the Maskilim. In about 1844 he settled as a teacher in Białystok. In 1867 he left to Suwałki, remained there about twenty years, and then returned to Białystok. Liebermann was the author of "Megillat Sefer", a collection of short stories, essays, fables, and letters, and of "Zedek u-Mishpat", a Hebrew adaptation of S. D. Luzzatto's "Lezioni di Teologia Morale Israelitica". He wrote also "Ge Hizzayon", and a number of articles which he published in various Hebrew periodicals. </doc> <doc id="2339533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339533" title="Charles Murphy (architect)"> Charles Murphy (architect) Charles Francis Murphy (February 9, 1890 – May 22, 1985) was an American architect based in Chicago, Illinois. Born in Jersey City, New Jersey, Murphy was educated at the De La Salle Institute in Chicago. His first job was as a secretary, joining the offices of D.H. Burnham & Company in 1911 and he was steadily promoted to become personal secretary to the architect Ernest Graham. After Graham died in 1936, Murphy moved on to co-found the architectural practice Shaw, Naess & Murphy with Alfred P. Shaw and Sigurd E. Naess (1886 - 1970). Murphy had no formal training as an architect at the time. He was then formed the Naess & Murphy partnership. The practice was later renamed C. F. Murphy Associates and then Murphy/Jahn Inc. in 1983 when Helmut Jahn took over as president. Murphy was awarded an honorary degree from St. Xavier University in 1961, and became a fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1964. </doc> <doc id="2339536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339536" title="Feline (The Stranglers album)"> Feline (The Stranglers album) Feline is the seventh studio album by The Stranglers and was released in January 1983 (on the Epic record label in the United Kingdom). The first edition came with a free one-sided 7" single "Aural Sculpture Manifesto". "Feline" drew heavily on two of the dominant musical influences in Europe of the time, by using primarily acoustic guitars and electronic drums as well as Dave Greenfield's synthesizers. The American edition of the album included the British hit single "Golden Brown" as the closing track on side one of the original vinyl (and the fifth song in on the CD version). "Feline" peaked higher than their earlier studio album release, "La Folie", reaching No. 4 in the UK Albums Chart. There were three singles released from "Feline" - The first was "European Female" which reached No. 9 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1983, and was followed by a remixed 7" version of "Midnight Summer Dream" in February (which peaked at No. 35 in the UK). The third and final single released was "Paradise" (released in July 1983) which reached No. 48. with: </doc> <doc id="2339557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339557" title="Clyde School"> Clyde School Clyde School was founded as a private girls' school in 1910 in Alma Road, St Kilda, Victoria, Australia by Miss Isabel Henderson, a leading educationist of her day. It quickly gained a reputation for excellent academic results. The school was relocated to Macedon, near Hanging Rock in 1919. Owing to its founders, the school was aligned with both the Presbyterian and Anglican denominations at this time and it expanded rapidly. By 1917 it had an enrolment of nearly 200 girls spread over five buildings. Partly to relieve overcrowding but mainly to create an educational environment free of the distractions of post-war Melbourne, Isabel Henderson decided to relocate the school. In September 1918 she purchased the former mountain golf resort, Braemar House, near Woodend, and moved her school there in 1919. In 1921 Clyde Woodend became a public school after a vigorous fund-raising campaign by a number of well-connected Old Girls. The following year, Isabel Henderson retired to England and Miss Dorothy Tucker, a domestic science teacher from New Zealand, took over as principal. Less charismatic than her predecessor, Miss Tucker nevertheless maintained a well-disciplined, conservative boarding school. Enrolments expanded rapidly during the 1920s but the Great Depression saw numbers plummet. Rigorous cost-saving and an austere regime ensured the school’s survival when many other schools closed. The struggles took their toll on Dorothy Tucker who suffered a nervous collapse in 1935. After a short interregnum under Helen Mathieson, the school appointed Olga Hay, a protégé and old family friend of Isabel Henderson, as headmistress in 1937. Strongly influenced by her forward-thinking mentor Isabel Henderson, Olga Hay began her tenure with a raft of innovations. However, after Miss Henderson’s death in 1940, Olga Hay’s regime became more conservative. During the 1940s and '50s, Clyde School gained a reputation as one of Australia’s most prestigious (and expensive) schools, though not known for high academic achievement. By the time she retired in 1959, Olga Hay had brought great economic success and stability to the school. Joan Montgomery became principal of Clyde School in 1960 and immediately set about raising academic standards. A highly respected educationist, Joan Montgomery embarked on a modernisation program that included a purpose-built library and science laboratories. Before she left Clyde in 1968, Joan Montgomery recommended that the school open its doors to ‘day girls’ to increase its catchment. Alice Pringle took over as principal in 1969. Times were changing, and the school faced financial difficulties. The landed gentry from whom the school sourced its pupils were disappearing. Wool prices were down. Enrolments were static and costs were soaring. Many attempts were made to attract new boarders, but the school was failing financially. In 1975 Clyde School at Woodend closed. The following year, Braemar College, a midrange-fee co-educational day school, opened on the site. It still operates there today. In 1976 Clyde School, Geelong Church of England Grammar School and Geelong Church of England Girls' Grammar School ("the Hermitage") amalgamated, and today the combined school continues as Geelong Grammar School. Clyde House at Geelong Grammar perpetuates the school’s name. The Clyde Old Girls’ Association (COGA) continued to operate after the amalgamation and gathered together an impressive set of archives on Clyde School. In 2004 COGA commissioned a history of the school, which was researched and written by Melbourne writer Melanie Guile. "Clyde School: An Uncommon History" was published by COGA in 2006. "The Cluthan" was the journal of Clyde School and Clyde Old Girls' Association until the school's amalgamation with Geelong Grammar School and the Hermitage in 1976. Since that time it has been the journal of the Old Girls' Association. Its name is derived from the Latin for Clyde, Clutha. Melanie Guile: Clyde School 1910-1975: An Uncommon History, Clyde Old Girls’ Association, Melbourne, 2006 Olga J. Hay: "The Chronicles of Clyde", Brown Prior Anderson, Melbourne, 1966. </doc> <doc id="2339561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339561" title="Rodeo (disambiguation)"> Rodeo (disambiguation) Rodeo is a traditional North American sport. Rodeo may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339562" title="Coriolis field"> Coriolis field In theoretical physics a Coriolis field is one of the "apparent" gravitational fields felt by a rotating or forcibly-accelerated body, together with the centrifugal field and the Euler field. Being formula_1 is the angular velocity vector of the rotating frame, formula_2 the speed of a test particle used to measure the field, and using the expression of the acceleration in a rotating reference frame, it is known that the acceleration of the particle in the rotating frame is: the Coriolis force is assumed to be the fictitious force that compensates the second term: Where formula_5 denotes the linear momentum. It can be seen that for any object, the coriolis force over it is proportional to its momentum vector. As vectorial product can be expressed in a tensorial way using the Hodge dual of formula_6: This matrix can be seen as a constant tensor field, defined in the whole space, that will yield coriolis forces when multiplied by momentum vectors. In a theory that conforms to some versions of Mach's principle, this “apparent”, “fictitious” or “pseudo-gravitational” field effect can be treated as genuine. As an example, when an object is set down on a rotating children’s roundabout, it is seen to slide away from the centre of the roundabout. In the non-rotating frame of reference, the outward motion is a consequence of the object’s "inertial mass" and the object's tendency to continue moving in a straight line. However, in the rotating frame as a reference, the object is pulled outwards by a radial gravitational field "caused by the relative rotation of the outside universe". In that view, the (outward) motion is instead a consequence of its "gravitational mass". This dual description is used to unify the ideas of inertial and gravitational mass under general theories of relativity, and to explain why an object's inertial mass and gravitational mass are proportional in classical theory. In these descriptions, the distinction is purely a matter of convenience; inertial and gravitational mass are different ways of describing the same behaviour. Support for the idea that the Coriolis field is a real physical effect and not just a mathematical artifact is justified by Machian theory. It notes that evidence of the field's existence is not only visible to the rotating observer; its distortion is also visible and verifiable for "non"-rotating onlookers. Thus, the relative rotation of the roundabout and universe masses creates a real physical distortion in spacetime that is visible to all observers ("see:" Kerr black hole, frame-dragging, light-dragging effects). The physical consequences of rotation experienced by the rotating-frame observer can be said to be “smudged into” the non-rotating observer’s physics. The Coriolis field can thus be said to have a genuine existence; it is expressed in the intrinsic curvature of the region and cannot be made to vanish with a convenient mathematical change of coordinate system. The forces and effects are mutual–the roundabout observer feels the outside universe pulling more strongly along the rotation plane, and pulling matter around, and (to a far lesser extent) the mass of the rotating roundabout creates a stronger inward pull and pulls matter around with it as well. In this way, general theories of relativity are supposed to also eliminate the strict distinction between inertial and noninertial frames. If we take an inertial observer in flat spacetime and have them observe a rotating disc, the existence of the rotating mass means that spacetime is no longer flat, and that the concept of rotation is now subject to the democratic principle. This elimination of the concept of the inertial frame was initially described by Einstein as one of the great successes of his general theory of relativity. </doc> <doc id="2339565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339565" title="Endless Love (2000 TV series)"> Endless Love (2000 TV series) Endless Love is the unofficial title for a set of four Korean drama series directed by Yoon Seok-ho, produced by KBS from 2000 to 2006. It featured four parts, with each named after the seasons of the year. Each part of the series had its own plotlines, characters, and actors. The series was widely viewed in Asia and continued the Korean Wave that had gripped the region since the late 1990s and early 2000s. Later on, as the series progressed and was marketed outside of Korea, the moniker 'Endless Love' stuck and was used to identify all the series as one. The series was widely known in South Korea as director Yoon Seok-ho's pet project, dealing with four different seasons of love. In Korea, however, it is not totally put together as a series but is arranged as four separate shows. All the seasons run 20 episodes except for the first which ran only 16 as they were shown on KBS2, in more than 76 episodes. The show's endings not only have evolved with the times (tragedy used to be the trend, but now lighter, happier endings are preferred), but have kept with the theme, getting progressively more positive as 'spring' approaches. A few of the actors who portray the show's supporting characters return in different roles as the series progressed, such as Kim Hae-sook, but only Song Seung-heon played two different characters, both as leads for Autumn and Summer. Here are the four parts of the 'series': Many elements of the 'formula' of Korean drama are evident in the shows, but are retained even more clearly in all four shows. The shows mainly begin with a love that began at some point in the early childhood or teen years and continues on until adulthood, usually after a long separation. This is slightly bent in the 3rd series as the main character's first loves are not the main characters, but still goes by 'first love' involving the heart of the main male character's first girlfriend having been transplanted onto the main female lead. The shows also seem to emphasize the scenery, making it into one of the main characters (the rice fields in Autumn, the lake in Winter, the tea garden in Summer and the island in Spring). The show also follows a pattern of having a 'third-wheel', the second male lead; and the jealous girl, the second female lead. There was also a 3rd 'couple' in each show, mostly to provide comic relief from the otherwise dreary situations presented in each show (leading to 3 couples- the leads, the second leads and the 'funny' couple). Also, all the characters in all the series have had the leads endure the disagreement of the parents of both leads. As for the soundtrack, main instrumental themes for all the series are known classics such as 'Romance' in Autumn, 'Moonlight Sonata' in Winter, 'Serenade' in Summer and 'Clementine' in Spring. Telecasting: KBS Production: YOON'S COLOR Distributor: YOON'S COLOR Also includes a compact disc for another Korean KBS show - "Fireworks". The main title and "Reason" have the same melody and are the dominant themes of the show. "Romance", also known as "Forbidden Love" is the classic piece used for this soundtrack. Predominantly features Ryu (류) as the official performer for "Winter Sonata". In addition, "Moment" performed by Ryu and available on his album "Ryu 2" (류 2집) is included on some bootleg versions of the "Winter Sonata" soundtrack. The main title and "Bi Mil" are interchangeably used in different airings of the show as the main theme. Spring Waltz- Yoon Jae Ha A double-disc piano collection packaged exactly like the male lead character's first Korean special release album, also bearing that character's name. CD1 CD2 A maxi-single released with songs inspired by Spring Waltz. Includes the single 'Moment' by Ryu which while being a major theme in the show was not included in the original album but was only released with Ryu's album by the same name. Contains all of the tracks of the original plus 'Neowi Hyangii' (Your Scent), an instrumental piece of 'YuhReum Hyanggi (Say Yes). 'YuhReum Hyanggi' was also retitled as 'Neowi Hyanggi'. The first album to bear the name 'Endless Love' and be labeled 'original soundtrack' at once. While it contains a lot of musical cues for Autumn Tale, they were not used in the show but seemed to be similar in theme to those used in the Korean album. 'Paglisan', a soprano piece and the 'Endless Love Theme' were songs included here and used in the show. Both songs, along with all the music in the album were composed and arranged by the local Filipino composer Paulo Almaden. The Philippine version of the main title theme is not present in this album. Features remakes of all three songs from the Korean soundtrack (including the main theme) and songs inspired by Autumn Tale. The outer packaging (box) is white while the inner packaging (a booklet w/ photos which holds the CD) is blue, which is a reversal of the second album's colors. Both were released simultaneously. Features remakes of the main theme from the Korean soundtrack of Winter Sonata and male and female remakes of 'My Memory'. The outer packaging (box) is blue while the inner packaging (a booklet w/ photos which holds the CD) is white, which is a reversal of the first album's colors. Both were released simultaneously. Features remakes of all the songs from the Korean soundtrack (including the main theme). The largest remake so far. The outer packaging (box) is dark green, while the inner packaging (a booklet with photos which holds the CD) is mint green, a unique combination of colors unlike the first two albums. A collection of all the songs from Autumn Tale and Winter Sonata including both main themes. The box is a black ridged case with gold embossed logo. This did not include songs from the third series Summer Scent. A collection of all the remade songs from Autumn Tale and Winter Sonata including both main themes. The box can house 4 discs but contains 2. Both sides of the box have different covers for both of the CDs contained. Acoustic Remix Side, contains all the remade songs, as well as two original Philippine songs from Autumn In My Heart. Club Remix Side There is a theme song of Endless Love: Winter Sonata that is not part of the album with the same name. It is "Kung Kailan Wala Ka Na" which was sung by Jolina Magdangal and heard sometimes in ending credits. </doc> <doc id="2339569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339569" title="Kilimanjaro Region"> Kilimanjaro Region Kilimanjaro Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions with a postcode number 25000 . The regional capital is the municipality of Moshi. According to the 2012 national census, the region had a population of 1,640,087, which was lower than the pre-census projection of 1,702,207. For 2002-2012, the region's 1.8 percent average annual population growth rate was the 24th highest in the country. It was also the eighth most densely populated region with 124 people per square kilometer. The region is home to a portion of Kilimanjaro National Park. The region is bordered to the north and east by Kenya, to the south by the Tanga Region, to the southwest by the Manyara Region, and to the west by the Arusha Region. The region is administratively divided into seven districts: The Kilimanjaro Region borrowed its name from the tallest mountain in Africa, Mount Kilimanjaro. Of the region's seven districts, five traditionally had Chagga settlements, which are Hai District Council, Moshi Municipal Council, Moshi District Council, Rombo District Council, and Siha District Council. The other two, Mwanga District Council and Same District Council, have historically included Pare settlements. However, during colonial rule in the late 19th century to the middle of the 20th century, the region was divided into two main districts: Moshi district, which was composed of all the areas settled by the Chagga people on the slopes of the mountain, and Pare district, which was a Pare tribe settlement. The region, from earlier times, had been settled by the people collectively called the Chagga, the Maasai, Wakwavi, and Waarusha (in the lower parts of Mount Kilimanjaro), and the Pare on the Pare mountains. These have been intermingling, trading, and even fighting from time to time for various socio-political reasons. Later, other tribes also migrated to the area. Mount Kilimanjaro lies on a tectonic plate line intersection east of the tectonically active Rift Valley. The activity that created this stratovolcano dates back less than a million years. Steam and sulphur fumaroles here are indicative of residual activity. At one stage, most of the summit of Kilimanjaro was covered by an ice cap, probably more than deep. Glaciers extended well down the mountain forming moraine ridges, clearly visible now on the southern flanks down to about . At present only a small fraction of the glacial cover remains. </doc> <doc id="2339577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339577" title="Evidence of common descent"> Evidence of common descent Evidence of common descent of living organisms has been discovered by scientists researching in a variety of disciplines over many decades, demonstrating that all life on Earth comes from a single ancestor. This forms an important part of the evidence on which evolutionary theory rests, demonstrates that evolution does occur, and illustrates the processes that created Earth's biodiversity. It supports the modern evolutionary synthesis—the current scientific theory that explains how and why life changes over time. Evolutionary biologists document evidence of common descent, all the way back to the last universal common ancestor, by developing testable predictions, testing hypotheses, and constructing theories that illustrate and describe its causes. Comparison of the DNA genetic sequences of organisms has revealed that organisms that are phylogenetically close have a higher degree of DNA sequence similarity than organisms that are phylogenetically distant. Genetic fragments such as pseudogenes, regions of DNA that are orthologous to a gene in a related organism, but are no longer active and appear to be undergoing a steady process of degeneration from cumulative mutations support common descent alongside the universal biochemical organization and molecular variance patterns found in all organisms. Additional genetic information conclusively supports the relatedness of life and has allowed scientists (since the discovery of DNA) to develop phylogenetic trees: a construction of organisms evolutionary relatedness. It has also led to the development of molecular clock techniques to date taxon divergence times and to calibrate these with the fossil record. Fossils are important for estimating when various lineages developed in geologic time. As fossilization is an uncommon occurrence, usually requiring hard body parts and death near a site where sediments are being deposited, the fossil record only provides sparse and intermittent information about the evolution of life. Evidence of organisms prior to the development of hard body parts such as shells, bones and teeth is especially scarce, but exists in the form of ancient microfossils, as well as impressions of various soft-bodied organisms. The comparative study of the anatomy of groups of animals shows structural features that are fundamentally similar (homologous), demonstrating phylogenetic and ancestral relationships with other organisms, most especially when compared with fossils of ancient extinct organisms. Vestigial structures and comparisons in embryonic development are largely a contributing factor in anatomical resemblance in concordance with common descent. Since metabolic processes do not leave fossils, research into the evolution of the basic cellular processes is done largely by comparison of existing organisms' physiology and biochemistry. Many lineages diverged at different stages of development, so it is possible to determine when certain metabolic processes appeared by comparing the traits of the descendants of a common ancestor. Evidence from animal coloration was gathered by some of Darwin's contemporaries; camouflage, mimicry, and warning coloration are all readily explained by natural selection. Special cases like the seasonal changes in the plumage of the ptarmigan, camouflaging it against snow in winter and against brown moorland in summer provide compelling evidence that selection is at work. Further evidence comes from the field of biogeography because evolution with common descent provides the best and most thorough explanation for a variety of facts concerning the geographical distribution of plants and animals across the world. This is especially obvious in the field of insular biogeography. Combined with the well-established geological theory of plate tectonics, common descent provides a way to combine facts about the current distribution of species with evidence from the fossil record to provide a logically consistent explanation of how the distribution of living organisms has changed over time. The development and spread of antibiotic resistant bacteria provides evidence that evolution due to natural selection is an ongoing process in the natural world. Natural selection is ubiquitous in all research pertaining to evolution, taking note of the fact that all of the following examples in each section of the article document the process. Alongside this are observed instances of the separation of populations of species into sets of new species (speciation). Speciation has been observed in the lab and in nature. Multiple forms of such have been described and documented as examples for individual modes of speciation. Furthermore, evidence of common descent extends from direct laboratory experimentation with the selective breeding of organisms—historically and currently—and other controlled experiments involving many of the topics in the article. This article summarizes the varying disciplines that provide the evidence for evolution and the common descent of all life on Earth, accompanied by numerous and specialized examples, indicating a compelling consilience of evidence. One of the strongest evidences for common descent comes from gene sequences. Comparative sequence analysis examines the relationship between the DNA sequences of different species, producing several lines of evidence that confirm Darwin's original hypothesis of common descent. If the hypothesis of common descent is true, then species that share a common ancestor inherited that ancestor's DNA sequence, as well as mutations unique to that ancestor. More closely related species have a greater fraction of identical sequence and shared substitutions compared to more distantly related species. The simplest and most powerful evidence is provided by phylogenetic reconstruction. Such reconstructions, especially when done using slowly evolving protein sequences, are often quite robust and can be used to reconstruct a great deal of the evolutionary history of modern organisms (and even in some instances of the evolutionary history of extinct organisms, such as the recovered gene sequences of mammoths or Neanderthals). These reconstructed phylogenies recapitulate the relationships established through morphological and biochemical studies. The most detailed reconstructions have been performed on the basis of the mitochondrial genomes shared by all eukaryotic organisms, which are short and easy to sequence; the broadest reconstructions have been performed either using the sequences of a few very ancient proteins or by using ribosomal RNA sequence. Phylogenetic relationships extend to a wide variety of nonfunctional sequence elements, including repeats, transposons, pseudogenes, and mutations in protein-coding sequences that do not change the amino-acid sequence. While a minority of these elements might later be found to harbor function, in aggregate they demonstrate that identity must be the product of common descent rather than common function. All known extant (surviving) organisms are based on the same biochemical processes: genetic information encoded as nucleic acid (DNA, or RNA for many viruses), transcribed into RNA, then translated into proteins (that is, polymers of amino acids) by highly conserved ribosomes. Perhaps most tellingly, the Genetic Code (the "translation table" between DNA and amino acids) is the same for almost every organism, meaning that a piece of DNA in a bacterium codes for the same amino acid as in a human cell. ATP is used as energy currency by all extant life. A deeper understanding of developmental biology shows that common morphology is, in fact, the product of shared genetic elements. For example, although camera-like eyes are believed to have evolved independently on many separate occasions, they share a common set of light-sensing proteins (opsins), suggesting a common point of origin for all sighted creatures. Another example is the familiar vertebrate body plan, whose structure is controlled by the homeobox (Hox) family of genes. Comparison of DNA sequences allows organisms to be grouped by sequence similarity, and the resulting phylogenetic trees are typically congruent with traditional taxonomy, and are often used to strengthen or correct taxonomic classifications. Sequence comparison is considered a measure robust enough to correct erroneous assumptions in the phylogenetic tree in instances where other evidence is scarce. For example, neutral human DNA sequences are approximately 1.2% divergent (based on substitutions) from those of their nearest genetic relative, the chimpanzee, 1.6% from gorillas, and 6.6% from baboons. Genetic sequence evidence thus allows inference and quantification of genetic relatedness between humans and other apes. The sequence of the 16S ribosomal RNA gene, a vital gene encoding a part of the ribosome, was used to find the broad phylogenetic relationships between all extant life. The analysis by Carl Woese resulted in the three-domain system, arguing for two major splits in the early evolution of life. The first split led to modern Bacteria and the subsequent split led to modern Archaea and Eukaryotes. Some DNA sequences are shared by very different organisms. It has been predicted by the theory of evolution that the differences in such DNA sequences between two organisms should roughly resemble both the biological difference between them according to their anatomy and the time that had passed since these two organisms have separated in the course of evolution, as seen in fossil evidence. The rate of accumulating such changes should be low for some sequences, namely those that code for critical RNA or proteins, and high for others that code for less critical RNA or proteins; but for every specific sequence, the rate of change should be roughly constant over time. These results have been experimentally confirmed. Two examples are DNA sequences coding for rRNA, which is highly conserved, and DNA sequences coding for fibrinopeptides (amino acid chains that are discarded during the formation of fibrin), which are highly non-conserved. Proteomic evidence also supports the universal ancestry of life. Vital proteins, such as the ribosome, DNA polymerase, and RNA polymerase, are found in everything from the most primitive bacteria to the most complex mammals. The core part of the protein is conserved across all lineages of life, serving similar functions. Higher organisms have evolved additional protein subunits, largely affecting the regulation and protein-protein interaction of the core. Other overarching similarities between all lineages of extant organisms, such as DNA, RNA, amino acids, and the lipid bilayer, give support to the theory of common descent. Phylogenetic analyses of protein sequences from various organisms produce similar trees of relationship between all organisms. The chirality of DNA, RNA, and amino acids is conserved across all known life. As there is no functional advantage to right- or left-handed molecular chirality, the simplest hypothesis is that the choice was made randomly by early organisms and passed on to all extant life through common descent. Further evidence for reconstructing ancestral lineages comes from junk DNA such as pseudogenes, "dead" genes that steadily accumulate mutations. Pseudogenes, also known as noncoding DNA, are extra DNA in a genome that do not get transcribed into RNA to synthesize proteins. Some of this noncoding DNA has known functions, but much of it has no known function and is called "Junk DNA". This is an example of a vestige since replicating these genes uses energy, making it a waste in many cases. A pseudogene can be produced when a coding gene accumulates mutations that prevent it from being transcribed, making it non-functional. But since it is not transcribed, it may disappear without affecting fitness, unless it has provided some beneficial function as non-coding DNA. Non-functional pseudogenes may be passed on to later species, thereby labeling the later species as descended from the earlier species. A large body of molecular evidence supports a variety of mechanisms for large evolutionary changes, including: genome and gene duplication, which facilitates rapid evolution by providing substantial quantities of genetic material under weak or no selective constraints; horizontal gene transfer, the process of transferring genetic material to another cell that is not an organism's offspring, allowing for species to acquire beneficial genes from each other; and recombination, capable of reassorting large numbers of different alleles and of establishing reproductive isolation. The endosymbiotic theory explains the origin of mitochondria and plastids (including chloroplasts), which are organelles of eukaryotic cells, as the incorporation of an ancient prokaryotic cell into ancient eukaryotic cell. Rather than evolving eukaryotic organelles slowly, this theory offers a mechanism for a sudden evolutionary leap by incorporating the genetic material and biochemical composition of a separate species. Evidence supporting this mechanism has been found in the protist "Hatena": as a predator it engulfs a green algal cell, which subsequently behaves as an endosymbiont, nourishing "Hatena", which in turn loses its feeding apparatus and behaves as an autotroph. Since metabolic processes do not leave fossils, research into the evolution of the basic cellular processes is done largely by comparison of existing organisms. Many lineages diverged when new metabolic processes appeared, and it is theoretically possible to determine when certain metabolic processes appeared by comparing the traits of the descendants of a common ancestor or by detecting their physical manifestations. As an example, the appearance of oxygen in the earth's atmosphere is linked to the evolution of photosynthesis. Evidence for the evolution of "Homo sapiens" from a common ancestor with chimpanzees is found in the number of chromosomes in humans as compared to all other members of Hominidae. All hominidae have 24 pairs of chromosomes, except humans, who have only 23 pairs. Human chromosome 2 is a result of an end-to-end fusion of two ancestral chromosomes. The evidence for this includes: Chromosome 2 thus presents strong evidence in favour of the common descent of humans and other apes. According to J. W. Ijdo, "We conclude that the locus cloned in cosmids c8.1 and c29B is the relic of an ancient telomere-telomere fusion and marks the point at which two ancestral ape chromosomes fused to give rise to human chromosome 2." A classic example of biochemical evidence for evolution is the variance of the ubiquitous (i.e. all living organisms have it, because it performs very basic life functions) protein Cytochrome c in living cells. The variance of cytochrome c of different organisms is measured in the number of differing amino acids, each differing amino acid being a result of a base pair substitution, a mutation. If each differing amino acid is assumed the result of one base pair substitution, it can be calculated how long ago the two species diverged by multiplying the number of base pair substitutions by the estimated time it takes for a substituted base pair of the cytochrome c gene to be successfully passed on. For example, if the average time it takes for a base pair of the cytochrome c gene to mutate is N years, the number of amino acids making up the cytochrome c protein in monkeys differ by one from that of humans, this leads to the conclusion that the two species diverged N years ago. The primary structure of cytochrome c consists of a chain of about 100 amino acids. Many higher order organisms possess a chain of 104 amino acids. The cytochrome c molecule has been extensively studied for the glimpse it gives into evolutionary biology. Both chicken and turkeys have identical sequence homology (amino acid for amino acid), as do pigs, cows and sheep. Both humans and chimpanzees share the identical molecule, while rhesus monkeys share all but one of the amino acids: the 66th amino acid is isoleucine in the former and threonine in the latter. What makes these homologous similarities particularly suggestive of common ancestry in the case of cytochrome c, in addition to the fact that the phylogenies derived from them match other phylogenies very well, is the high degree of functional redundancy of the cytochrome c molecule. The different existing configurations of amino acids do not significantly affect the functionality of the protein, which indicates that the base pair substitutions are not part of a directed design, but the result of random mutations that aren't subject to selection. In addition, Cytochrome b is commonly used as a region of mitochondrial DNA to determine phylogenetic relationships between organisms due to its sequence variability. It is considered most useful in determining relationships within families and genera. Comparative studies involving cytochrome b have resulted in new classification schemes and have been used to assign newly described species to a genus, as well as deepen the understanding of evolutionary relationships. Endogenous retroviruses (or ERVs) are remnant sequences in the genome left from ancient viral infections in an organism. The retroviruses (or virogenes) are always passed on to the next generation of that organism that received the infection. This leaves the virogene left in the genome. Because this event is rare and random, finding identical chromosomal positions of a virogene in two different species suggests common ancestry. Cats (Felidae) present a notable instance of virogene sequences demonstrating common descent. The standard phylogenetic tree for Felidae have smaller cats ("Felis chaus", "Felis silvestris", "Felis nigripes", and "Felis catus") diverging from larger cats such as the subfamily Pantherinae and other carnivores. The fact that small cats have an ERV where the larger cats do not suggests that the gene was inserted into the ancestor of the small cats after the larger cats had diverged. Another example of this is with humans and chimps. Humans contain numerous ERVs that comprise a considerable percentage of the genome. Sources vary, but 1% to 8% has been proposed. Humans and chimps share seven different occurrences of virogenes, while all primates share similar retroviruses congruent with phylogeny. Mathematical models of evolution, pioneered by the likes of Sewall Wright, Ronald Fisher and J. B. S. Haldane and extended via diffusion theory by Motoo Kimura, allow predictions about the genetic structure of evolving populations. Direct examination of the genetic structure of modern populations via DNA sequencing has allowed verification of many of these predictions. For example, the Out of Africa theory of human origins, which states that modern humans developed in Africa and a small sub-population migrated out (undergoing a population bottleneck), implies that modern populations should show the signatures of this migration pattern. Specifically, post-bottleneck populations (Europeans and Asians) should show lower overall genetic diversity and a more uniform distribution of allele frequencies compared to the African population. Both of these predictions are borne out by actual data from a number of studies. Comparative study of the anatomy of groups of animals or plants reveals that certain structural features are basically similar. For example, the basic structure of all flowers consists of sepals, petals, stigma, style and ovary; yet the size, colour, number of parts and specific structure are different for each individual species. The neural anatomy of fossilized remains may also be compared using advanced imaging techniques. Once thought of as a refutation to evolutionary theory, atavisms are "now seen as potent evidence of how much genetic potential is retained...after a particular structure has disappeared from a species". "Atavisms are the reappearance of a lost character typical of remote ancestors and not seen in the parents or recent ancestors..." and are an "[indication] of the developmental plasticity that exists within embryos..." Atavisms occur because genes for previously existing phenotypical features are often preserved in DNA, even though the genes are not expressed in some or most of the organisms possessing them. Numerous examples have documented the occurrence of atavisms alongside experimental research triggering their formation. Due to the complexity and interrelatedness of the factors involved in the development of atavisms, both biologists and medical professionals find it "difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish [them] from malformations." Some examples of atavisms found in the scientific literature include: Evolutionary developmental biology is the biological field that compares the developmental process of different organisms to determine ancestral relationships between species. A large variety of organism's genomes contain a small fraction of genes that control the organisms development. Hox genes are an example of these types of nearly universal genes in organisms pointing to an origin of common ancestry. Embryological evidence comes from the development of organisms at the embryological level with the comparison of different organisms embryos similarity. Remains of ancestral traits often appear and disappear in different stages of the embryological development process. Some examples include: If widely separated groups of organisms are originated from a common ancestry, they are expected to have certain basic features in common. The degree of resemblance between two organisms should indicate how closely related they are in evolution: When a group of organisms share a homologous structure that is specialized to perform a variety of functions to adapt different environmental conditions and modes of life, it is called adaptive radiation. The gradual spreading of organisms with adaptive radiation is known as divergent evolution. Taxonomy is based on the fact that all organisms are related to each other in nested hierarchies based on shared characteristics. Most existing species can be organized rather easily in a nested hierarchical classification. This is evident from the Linnaean classification scheme. Based on shared derived characters, closely related organisms can be placed in one group (such as a genus), several genera can be grouped together into one family, several families can be grouped together into an order, etc. The existence of these nested hierarchies was recognized by many biologists before Darwin, but he showed that his theory of evolution with its branching pattern of common descent could explain them. Darwin described how common descent could provide a logical basis for classification: An evolutionary tree (of Amniota, for example, the last common ancestor of mammals and reptiles, and all its descendants) illustrates the initial conditions causing evolutionary patterns of similarity (e.g., all Amniotes produce an egg that possesses the amnios) and the patterns of divergence amongst lineages (e.g., mammals and reptiles branching from the common ancestry in Amniota). Evolutionary trees provide conceptual models of evolving systems once thought limited in the domain of making predictions out of the theory. However, the method of phylogenetic bracketing is used to infer predictions with far greater probability than raw speculation. For example, paleontologists use this technique to make predictions about nonpreservable traits in fossil organisms, such as feathered dinosaurs, and molecular biologists use the technique to posit predictions about RNA metabolism and protein functions. Thus evolutionary trees are evolutionary hypotheses that refer to specific facts, such as the characteristics of organisms (e.g., scales, feathers, fur), providing evidence for the patterns of descent, and a causal explanation for modification (i.e., natural selection or neutral drift) in any given lineage (e.g., Amniota). Evolutionary biologists test evolutionary theory using phylogenetic systematic methods that measure how much the hypothesis (a particular branching pattern in an evolutionary tree) increases the likelihood of the evidence (the distribution of characters among lineages). The severity of tests for a theory increases if the predictions "are the least probable of being observed if the causal event did not occur." "Testability is a measure of how much the hypothesis increases the likelihood of the evidence." Evidence for common descent comes from the existence of vestigial structures. These rudimentary structures are often homologous to structures that correspond in related or ancestral species. A wide range of structures exist such as mutated and non-functioning genes, parts of a flower, muscles, organs, and even behaviors. This variety can be found across many different groups of species. In many cases they are degenerated or underdeveloped. The existence of vestigial organs can be explained in terms of changes in the environment or modes of life of the species. Those organs are typically functional in the ancestral species but are now either semi-functional, nonfunctional, or re-purposed. Scientific literature concerning vestigial structures abounds. One study complied 64 examples of vestigial structures found in the literature across a wide range of disciplines within the 21st century. The following non-exhaustive list summarizes Senter et al. alongside various other examples: Many different species of insects have mouthparts derived from the same embryonic structures, indicating that the mouthparts are modifications of a common ancestor's original features. These include a labrum (upper lip), a pair of mandibles, a hypopharynx (floor of mouth), a pair of maxillae, and a labium. (Fig. 2c) Evolution has caused enlargement and modification of these structures in some species, while it has caused the reduction and loss of them in other species. The modifications enable the insects to exploit a variety of food materials. Insect mouthparts and antennae are considered homologues of insect legs. Parallel developments are seen in some arachnids: The anterior pair of legs may be modified as analogues of antennae, particularly in whip scorpions, which walk on six legs. These developments provide support for the theory that complex modifications often arise by duplication of components, with the duplicates modified in different directions. Similar to the pentadactyl limb in mammals, the earliest dinosaurs split into two distinct orders—the "saurischia" and "ornithischia". They are classified as one or the other in accordance with what the fossils demonstrate. Figure 2d, shows that early "saurischians" resembled early "ornithischians". The pattern of the pelvis in all species of dinosaurs is an example of homologous structures. Each order of dinosaur has slightly differing pelvis bones providing evidence of common descent. Additionally, modern birds show a similarity to ancient "saurischian" pelvic structures indicating the evolution of birds from dinosaurs. This can also be seen in Figure 5c as the Aves branch off the Theropoda suborder. The pattern of limb bones called pentadactyl limb is an example of homologous structures (Fig. 2e). It is found in all classes of tetrapods ("i.e." from amphibians to mammals). It can even be traced back to the fins of certain fossil fishes from which the first amphibians evolved such as tiktaalik. The limb has a single proximal bone (humerus), two distal bones (radius and ulna), a series of carpals (wrist bones), followed by five series of metacarpals (palm bones) and phalanges (digits). Throughout the tetrapods, the fundamental structures of pentadactyl limbs are the same, indicating that they originated from a common ancestor. But in the course of evolution, these fundamental structures have been modified. They have become superficially different and unrelated structures to serve different functions in adaptation to different environments and modes of life. This phenomenon is shown in the forelimbs of mammals. For example: The recurrent laryngeal nerve is a fourth branch of the vagus nerve, which is a cranial nerve. In mammals, its path is unusually long. As a part of the vagus nerve, it comes from the brain, passes through the neck down to heart, rounds the dorsal aorta and returns up to the larynx, again through the neck. (Fig. 2f) This path is suboptimal even for humans, but for giraffes it becomes even more suboptimal. Due to the lengths of their necks, the recurrent laryngeal nerve may be up to long, despite its optimal route being a distance of just several inches. The indirect route of this nerve is the result of evolution of mammals from fish, which had no neck and had a relatively short nerve that innervated one gill slit and passed near the gill arch. Since then, the gill it innervated has become the larynx and the gill arch has become the dorsal aorta in mammals. Similar to the laryngeal nerve in giraffes, the vas deferens is part of the male anatomy of many vertebrates; it transports sperm from the epididymis in anticipation of ejaculation. In humans, the vas deferens routes up from the testicle, looping over the ureter, and back down to the urethra and penis. It has been suggested that this is due to the descent of the testicles during the course of human evolution—likely associated with temperature. As the testicles descended, the vas deferens lengthened to accommodate the accidental "hook" over the ureter. When organisms die, they often decompose rapidly or are consumed by scavengers, leaving no permanent evidences of their existence. However, occasionally, some organisms are preserved. The remains or traces of organisms from a past geologic age embedded in rocks by natural processes are called fossils. They are extremely important for understanding the evolutionary history of life on Earth, as they provide direct evidence of evolution and detailed information on the ancestry of organisms. Paleontology is the study of past life based on fossil records and their relations to different geologic time periods. For fossilization to take place, the traces and remains of organisms must be quickly buried so that weathering and decomposition do not occur. Skeletal structures or other hard parts of the organisms are the most commonly occurring form of fossilized remains. There are also some trace "fossils" showing moulds, cast or imprints of some previous organisms. As an animal dies, the organic materials gradually decay, such that the bones become porous. If the animal is subsequently buried in mud, mineral salts infiltrate into the bones and gradually fill up the pores. The bones harden into stones and are preserved as fossils. This process is known as petrification. If dead animals are covered by wind-blown sand, and if the sand is subsequently turned into mud by heavy rain or floods, the same process of mineral infiltration may occur. Apart from petrification, the dead bodies of organisms may be well preserved in ice, in hardened resin of coniferous trees (figure 3a), in tar, or in anaerobic, acidic peat. Fossilization can sometimes be a trace, an impression of a form. Examples include leaves and footprints, the fossils of which are made in layers that then harden. It is possible to decipher how a particular group of organisms evolved by arranging its fossil record in a chronological sequence. Such a sequence can be determined because fossils are mainly found in sedimentary rock. Sedimentary rock is formed by layers of silt or mud on top of each other; thus, the resulting rock contains a series of horizontal layers, or strata. Each layer contains fossils typical for a specific time period when they formed. The lowest strata contain the oldest rock and the earliest fossils, while the highest strata contain the youngest rock and more recent fossils. A succession of animals and plants can also be seen from fossil discoveries. By studying the number and complexity of different fossils at different stratigraphic levels, it has been shown that older fossil-bearing rocks contain fewer types of fossilized organisms, and they all have a simpler structure, whereas younger rocks contain a greater variety of fossils, often with increasingly complex structures. For many years, geologists could only roughly estimate the ages of various strata and the fossils found. They did so, for instance, by estimating the time for the formation of sedimentary rock layer by layer. Today, by measuring the proportions of radioactive and stable elements in a given rock, the ages of fossils can be more precisely dated by scientists. This technique is known as radiometric dating. Throughout the fossil record, many species that appear at an early stratigraphic level disappear at a later level. This is interpreted in evolutionary terms as indicating the times when species originated and became extinct. Geographical regions and climatic conditions have varied throughout Earth's history. Since organisms are adapted to particular environments, the constantly changing conditions favoured species that adapted to new environments through the mechanism of natural selection. Despite the relative rarity of suitable conditions for fossilization, an estimated 250,000 fossil species have been named. The number of individual fossils this represents varies greatly from species to species, but many millions of fossils have been recovered: for instance, more than three million fossils from the last ice age have been recovered from the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles. Many more fossils are still in the ground, in various geological formations known to contain a high fossil density, allowing estimates of the total fossil content of the formation to be made. An example of this occurs in South Africa's Beaufort Formation (part of the Karoo Supergroup, which covers most of South Africa), which is rich in vertebrate fossils, including therapsids (reptile-mammal transitional forms). It has been estimated that this formation contains 800 billion vertebrate fossils. Palentologists have documented numerous transitional forms and have constructed "an astonishingly comprehensive record of the key transitions in animal evolution". Conducting a survey of the paleontological literature, one would find that there is "abundant evidence for how all the major groups of animals are related, much of it in the form of excellent transitional fossils". The fossil record is an important source for scientists when tracing the evolutionary history of organisms. However, because of limitations inherent in the record, there are not fine scales of intermediate forms between related groups of species. This lack of continuous fossils in the record is a major limitation in tracing the descent of biological groups. When transitional fossils are found that show intermediate forms in what had previously been a gap in knowledge, they are often popularly referred to as "missing links". There is a gap of about 100 million years between the beginning of the Cambrian period and the end of the Ordovician period. The early Cambrian period was the period from which numerous fossils of sponges, cnidarians ("e.g.", jellyfish), echinoderms ("e.g.", eocrinoids), molluscs ("e.g.", snails) and arthropods ("e.g.", trilobites) are found. The first animal that possessed the typical features of vertebrates, the "Arandaspis", was dated to have existed in the later Ordovician period. Thus few, if any, fossils of an intermediate type between invertebrates and vertebrates have been found, although likely candidates include the Burgess Shale animal, "Pikaia gracilens", and its Maotianshan shales relatives, "Myllokunmingia", "Yunnanozoon", "Haikouella lanceolata", and "Haikouichthys". Some of the reasons for the incompleteness of fossil records are: Due to an almost-complete fossil record found in North American sedimentary deposits from the early Eocene to the present, the horse provides one of the best examples of evolutionary history (phylogeny). This evolutionary sequence starts with a small animal called "Hyracotherium" (commonly referred to as "Eohippus"), which lived in North America about 54 million years ago then spread across to Europe and Asia. Fossil remains of "Hyracotherium" show it to have differed from the modern horse in three important respects: it was a small animal (the size of a fox), lightly built and adapted for running; the limbs were short and slender, and the feet elongated so that the digits were almost vertical, with four digits in the forelimbs and three digits in the hindlimbs; and the incisors were small, the molars having low crowns with rounded cusps covered in enamel. The probable course of development of horses from "Hyracotherium" to "Equus" (the modern horse) involved at least 12 genera and several hundred species. The major trends seen in the development of the horse to changing environmental conditions may be summarized as follows: Fossilized plants found in different strata show that the marshy, wooded country in which "Hyracotherium" lived became gradually drier. Survival now depended on the head being in an elevated position for gaining a good view of the surrounding countryside, and on a high turn of speed for escape from predators, hence the increase in size and the replacement of the splayed-out foot by the hoofed foot. The drier, harder ground would make the original splayed-out foot unnecessary for support. The changes in the teeth can be explained by assuming that the diet changed from soft vegetation to grass. A dominant genus from each geological period has been selected (see figure 3e) to show the slow alteration of the horse lineage from its ancestral to its modern form. Prior to 2004, paleontologists had found fossils of amphibians with necks, ears, and four legs, in rock no older than 365 million years old. In rocks more than 385 million years old they could only find fish, without these amphibian characteristics. Evolutionary theory predicted that since amphibians evolved from fish, an intermediate form should be found in rock dated between 365 and 385 million years ago. Such an intermediate form should have many fish-like characteristics, conserved from 385 million years ago or more, but also have many amphibian characteristics as well. In 2004, an expedition to islands in the Canadian arctic searching specifically for this fossil form in rocks that were 375 million years old discovered fossils of Tiktaalik. Some years later, however, scientists in Poland found evidence of fossilised tetrapod tracks predating "Tiktaalik". Data about the presence or absence of species on various continents and islands (biogeography) can provide evidence of common descent and shed light on patterns of speciation. All organisms are adapted to their environment to a greater or lesser extent. If the abiotic and biotic factors within a habitat are capable of supporting a particular species in one geographic area, then one might assume that the same species would be found in a similar habitat in a similar geographic area, e.g. in Africa and South America. This is not the case. Plant and animal species are discontinuously distributed throughout the world: Even greater differences can be found if Australia is taken into consideration, though it occupies the same latitude as much of South America and Africa. Marsupials like kangaroos, bandicoots, and quolls make up about half of Australia's indigenous mammal species. By contrast, marsupials are today totally absent from Africa and form a smaller portion of the mammalian fauna of South America, where opossums, shrew opossums, and the monito del monte occur. The only living representatives of primitive egg-laying mammals (monotremes) are the echidnas and the platypus. The short-beaked echidna ("Tachyglossus aculeatus") and its subspecies populate Australia, Tasmania, New Guinea, and Kangaroo Island while the long-beaked echidna ("Zaglossus bruijni") lives only in New Guinea. The platypus lives in the waters of eastern Australia. They have been introduced to Tasmania, King Island, and Kangaroo Island. These Monotremes are totally absent in the rest of the world. On the other hand, Australia is missing many groups of placental mammals that are common on other continents (carnivorans, artiodactyls, shrews, squirrels, lagomorphs), although it does have indigenous bats and murine rodents; many other placentals, such as rabbits and foxes, have been introduced there by humans. Other animal distribution examples include bears, located on all continents excluding Africa, Australia and Antarctica, and the polar bear solely in the Arctic Circle and adjacent land masses. Penguins are found only around the South Pole despite similar weather conditions at the North Pole. Families of sirenians are distributed around the earth's waters, where manatees are located in western Africa waters, northern South American waters, and West Indian waters only while the related family, the dugongs, are located only in Oceanic waters north of Australia, and the coasts surrounding the Indian Ocean. The now extinct Steller's sea cow resided in the Bering Sea. The same kinds of fossils are found from areas known to be adjacent to one another in the past but that, through the process of continental drift, are now in widely divergent geographic locations. For example, fossils of the same types of ancient amphibians, arthropods and ferns are found in South America, Africa, India, Australia and Antarctica, which can be dated to the Paleozoic Era, when these regions were united as a single landmass called Gondwana. Sometimes the descendants of these organisms can be identified and show unmistakable similarity to each other, even though they now inhabit very different regions and climates. Evidence from island biogeography has played an important and historic role in the development of evolutionary biology. For purposes of biogeography, islands are divided into two classes. Continental islands are islands like Great Britain, and Japan that have at one time or another been part of a continent. Oceanic islands, like the Hawaiian islands, the Galápagos Islands and St. Helena, on the other hand are islands that have formed in the ocean and never been part of any continent. Oceanic islands have distributions of native plants and animals that are unbalanced in ways that make them distinct from the biotas found on continents or continental islands. Oceanic islands do not have native terrestrial mammals (they do sometimes have bats and seals), amphibians, or fresh water fish. In some cases they have terrestrial reptiles (such as the iguanas and giant tortoises of the Galápagos Islands) but often (such as in Hawaii) they do not. This is despite the fact that when species such as rats, goats, pigs, cats, mice, and cane toads, are introduced to such islands by humans they often thrive. Starting with Charles Darwin, many scientists have conducted experiments and made observations that have shown that the types of animals and plants found, and not found, on such islands are consistent with the theory that these islands were colonized accidentally by plants and animals that were able to reach them. Such accidental colonization could occur by air, such as plant seeds carried by migratory birds, or bats and insects being blown out over the sea by the wind, or by floating from a continent or other island by sea (for example, by some kinds of plant seeds like coconuts that can survive immersion in salt water), and reptiles that can survive for extended periods on rafts of vegetation carried to sea by storms. Many of the species found on remote islands are endemic to a particular island or group of islands, meaning they are found nowhere else on earth. Examples of species endemic to islands include many flightless birds of New Zealand, lemurs of Madagascar, the Komodo dragon of Komodo, the dragon's blood tree of Socotra, Tuatara of New Zealand, and others. However, many such endemic species are related to species found on other nearby islands or continents; the relationship of the animals found on the Galápagos Islands to those found in South America is a well-known example. All of these facts, the types of plants and animals found on oceanic islands, the large number of endemic species found on oceanic islands, and the relationship of such species to those living on the nearest continents, are most easily explained if the islands were colonized by species from nearby continents that evolved into the endemic species now found there. Other types of endemism do not have to include, in the strict sense, islands. Islands can mean isolated lakes or remote and isolated areas. Examples of these would include the highlands of Ethiopia, Lake Baikal, fynbos of South Africa, forests of New Caledonia, and others. Examples of endemic organisms living in isolated areas include the kagu of New Caledonia, cloud rats of the Luzon tropical pine forests of the Philippines, the boojum tree ("Fouquieria columnaris") of the Baja California peninsula, the Baikal seal and the omul of Lake Baikal. Oceanic islands are frequently inhabited by clusters of closely related species that fill a variety of ecological niches, often niches that are filled by very different species on continents. Such clusters, like the finches of the Galápagos, Hawaiian honeycreepers, members of the sunflower family on the Juan Fernandez Archipelago and wood weevils on St. Helena are called adaptive radiations because they are best explained by a single species colonizing an island (or group of islands) and then diversifying to fill available ecological niches. Such radiations can be spectacular; 800 species of the fruit fly family "Drosophila", nearly half the world's total, are endemic to the Hawaiian islands. Another illustrative example from Hawaii is the silversword alliance, which is a group of thirty species found only on those islands. Members range from the silverswords that flower spectacularly on high volcanic slopes to trees, shrubs, vines and mats that occur at various elevations from mountain top to sea level, and in Hawaiian habitats that vary from deserts to rainforests. Their closest relatives outside Hawaii, based on molecular studies, are tarweeds found on the west coast of North America. These tarweeds have sticky seeds that facilitate distribution by migrant birds. Additionally, nearly all of the species on the island can be crossed and the hybrids are often fertile, and they have been hybridized experimentally with two of the west coast tarweed species as well. Continental islands have less distinct biota, but those that have been long separated from any continent also have endemic species and adaptive radiations, such as the 75 lemur species of Madagascar, and the eleven extinct moa species of New Zealand. A ring species is a connected series of populations, each of which can interbreed with its neighbors, with at least two "end" populations which are too distantly related to interbreed, though with the potential for gene flow between all the populations. Ring species represent speciation and have been cited as evidence of evolution. They illustrate what happens over time as populations genetically diverge, specifically because they represent, in living populations, what normally happens over time between long deceased ancestor populations and living populations, in which the intermediates have become extinct. Richard Dawkins says that ring species "are only showing us in the spatial dimension something that must always happen in the time dimension". The combination of continental drift and evolution can sometimes be used to predict what will be found in the fossil record. "Glossopteris" is an extinct species of seed fern plants from the Permian. "Glossopteris" appears in the fossil record around the beginning of the Permian on the ancient continent of Gondwana. Continental drift explains the current biogeography of the tree. Present day "Glossopteris" fossils are found in Permian strata in southeast South America, southeast Africa, all of Madagascar, northern India, all of Australia, all of New Zealand, and scattered on the southern and northern edges of Antarctica. During the Permian, these continents were connected as Gondwana (see figure 4c) in agreement with magnetic striping, other fossil distributions, and glacial scratches pointing away from the temperate climate of the South Pole during the Permian. The history of metatherians (the clade containing marsupials and their extinct, primitive ancestors) provides an example of how evolutionary theory and the movement of continents can be combined to make predictions concerning fossil stratigraphy and distribution. The oldest metatherian fossils are found in present-day China. Metatherians spread westward into modern North America (still attached to Eurasia) and then to South America, which was connected to North America until around 65 mya. Marsupials reached Australia via Antarctica about 50 mya, shortly after Australia had split off suggesting a single dispersion event of just one species. Evolutionary theory suggests that the Australian marsupials descended from the older ones found in the Americas. Geologic evidence suggests that between 30 and 40 million years ago South America and Australia were still part of the Southern Hemisphere super continent of Gondwana and that they were connected by land that is now part of Antarctica. Therefore, when combining the models, scientists could predict that marsupials migrated from what is now South America, through Antarctica, and then to present-day Australia between 40 and 30 million years ago. A first marsupial fossil of the extinct family Polydolopidae was found on Seymour Island on the Antarctic Peninsula in 1982. Further fossils have subsequently been found, including members of the marsupial orders Didelphimorphia (opossum) and Microbiotheria, as well as ungulates and a member of the enigmatic extinct order Gondwanatheria, possibly "Sudamerica ameghinoi". The history of the camel provides an example of how fossil evidence can be used to reconstruct migration and subsequent evolution. The fossil record indicates that the evolution of camelids started in North America (see figure 4e), from which, six million years ago, they migrated across the Bering Strait into Asia and then to Africa, and 3.5 million years ago through the Isthmus of Panama into South America. Once isolated, they evolved along their own lines, giving rise to the Bactrian camel and dromedary in Asia and Africa and the llama and its relatives in South America. Camelids then became extinct in North America at the end of the last ice age. Examples for the evidence for evolution often stem from direct observation of natural selection in the field and the laboratory. This section is unique in that it provides a narrower context concerning the process of selection. All of the examples provided prior to this have described the evidence that evolution has occurred, but has not provided the major underlying mechanism: natural selection. This section explicitly provides evidence that natural selection occurs, has been replicated artificially, and can be replicated in laboratory experiments. Scientists have observed and documented a multitude of events where natural selection is in action. The most well known examples are antibiotic resistance in the medical field along with better-known laboratory experiments documenting evolution's occurrence. Natural selection is tantamount to common descent in that long-term occurrence and selection pressures can lead to the diversity of life on earth as found today. All adaptations—documented and undocumented changes concerned—are caused by natural selection (and a few other minor processes). It is well established that, "...natural selection is a ubiquitous part of speciation...", and is the primary driver of speciation; therefore, the following examples of natural selection "and" speciation will often interdepend or correspond with one another. The examples below are only a small fraction of the actual experiments and observations. Artificial selection demonstrates the diversity that can exist among organisms that share a relatively recent common ancestor. In artificial selection, one species is bred selectively at each generation, allowing only those organisms that exhibit desired characteristics to reproduce. These characteristics become increasingly well developed in successive generations. Artificial selection was successful long before science discovered the genetic basis. Examples of artificial selection include dog breeding, genetically modified food, flower breeding, and the cultivation of foods such as wild cabbage, and others. Experimental evolution uses controlled experiments to test hypotheses and theories of evolution. In one early example, William Dallinger set up an experiment shortly before 1880, subjecting microbes to heat with the aim of forcing adaptive changes. His experiment ran for around seven years, and his published results were acclaimed, but he did not resume the experiment after the apparatus failed. A large-scale example of experimental evolution is Richard Lenski's multi-generation experiment with "Escherichia coli". Lenski observed that some strains of "E. coli" evolved a complex new ability, the ability to metabolize citrate, after tens of thousands of generations. The evolutionary biologist Jerry Coyne commented as a critique of creationism, saying, "the thing I like most is it says you can get these complex traits evolving by a combination of unlikely events. That's just what creationists say can't happen." In addition to the metabolic changes, the different bacterial populations were found to have diverged in respect to both morphology (the overall size of the cell) and fitness (of which was measured in competition with the ancestors). The "E. coli" long-term evolution experiment that began in 1988 is still in progress, and has shown adaptations including the evolution of a strain of "E. coli" that was able to grow on citric acid in the growth media—a trait absent in all other known forms of "E. coli", including the initial strain. A study of species of "Daphnia" and lead pollution in the 20th century predicted that an increase in lead pollution would lead to strong selection of lead tolerance. Researchers were able to use "resurrection ecology", hatching decades-old "Daphnia" eggs from the time when lakes were heavily polluted with lead. The hatchlings in the study were compared to current-day "Daphnia", and demonstrated "dramatic fitness differences between old and modern phenotypes when confronted with a widespread historical environmental stressor". Essentially, the modern-day "Daphnia" were unable to resist or tolerate high levels of lead (this is due to the huge reduction of lead pollution in 21st century lakes). The old hatchlings, however, were able to tolerate high lead pollution. The authors concluded that "by employing the techniques of resurrection ecology, we were able to show clear phenotypic change over decades...". A classic example was the phenotypic change, light-to-dark color adaptation, in the peppered moth, due to pollution from the Industrial Revolution in England. The development and spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is evidence for the process of evolution of species. Thus the appearance of vancomycin-resistant "Staphylococcus aureus", and the danger it poses to hospital patients, is a direct result of evolution through natural selection. The rise of "Shigella" strains resistant to the synthetic antibiotic class of sulfonamides also demonstrates the generation of new information as an evolutionary process. Similarly, the appearance of DDT resistance in various forms of "Anopheles" mosquitoes, and the appearance of myxomatosis resistance in breeding rabbit populations in Australia, are both evidence of the existence of evolution in situations of evolutionary selection pressure in species in which generations occur rapidly. All classes of microbes develop resistance: including fungi (antifungal resistance), viruses (antiviral resistance), protozoa (antiprotozoal resistance), and bacteria (antibiotic resistance). This is to be expected when considering that all life exhibits universal genetic code and is therefore subject to the process of evolution through its various mechanisms. Another example of organisms adapting to human-caused conditions are Nylon-eating bacteria: a strain of "Flavobacterium" that are capable of digesting certain byproducts of nylon 6 manufacturing. There is scientific consensus that the capacity to synthesize nylonase most probably developed as a single-step mutation that survived because it improved the fitness of the bacteria possessing the mutation. This is seen as a good example of evolution through mutation and natural selection that has been observed as it occurs and could not have come about until the production of nylon by humans. Both subspecies "Mimulus aurantiacus puniceus" (red-flowered) and "Mimulus aurantiacus australis" (yellow-flowered) of monkeyflowers are isolated due to the preferences of their hummingbird and hawkmoth pollinators. The radiation of "M. aurantiacus" subspecies are mostly yellow colored; however, both "M. a." ssp. "puniceus" and "M. a." ssp. "flemingii" are red. Phylogenetic analysis suggests two independent origins of red-colored flowers that arose due to "cis"-regulatory mutations in the gene "MaMyb2" that is present in all "M. aurantiacus" subspecies. Further research suggested that two independent mutations did not take place, but one "MaMyb2" allele was transferred via introgressive hybridization. This study presents an example of the overlap of research in various disciplines. Gene isolation and "cis"-regulatory functions; phylogenetic analysis; geographic location and pollinator preference; and species hybridization and speciation are just some of the areas in which data can be obtained to document the occurrence of evolution. Like the codfish, human-caused pollution can come in different forms. Radiotrophic fungi is a perfect example of natural selection taking place after a chemical accident. Radiotrophic fungi appears to use the pigment melanin to convert gamma radiation into chemical energy for growth and were first discovered in 2007 as black molds growing inside and around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. Research at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine showed that three melanin-containing fungi, "Cladosporium sphaerospermum", "Wangiella dermatitidis", and "Cryptococcus neoformans", increased in biomass and accumulated acetate faster in an environment in which the radiation level was 500 times higher than in the normal environment. While studying guppies ("Poecilia reticulata") in Trinidad, biologist John Endler detected selection at work on the fish populations. To rule out alternative possibilities, Endler set up a highly controlled experiment to mimic the natural habitat by constructing ten ponds within a laboratory greenhouse at Princeton University. Each pond contained gravel to exactly match that of the natural ponds. After capturing a random sample of guppies from ponds in Trinidad, he raised and mixed them to create similar genetically diverse populations and measured each fish (spot length, spot height, spot area, relative spot length, relative spot height, total patch area, and standard body lengths). For the experiment he added "Crenicichla alta" ("P. reticulata"'s main predator) in four of the ponds, "Rivulus hartii" (a non-predator fish) in four of the ponds, and left the remaining two ponds empty with only the guppies. After 10 generations, comparisons were made between each pond's guppy populations and measurements were taken again. Endler found that the populations had evolved dramatically different color patterns in the control and non-predator pools and drab color patterns in the predator pool. Predation pressure had caused a selection against standing out from background gravel. In parallel, during this experiment, Endler conducted a field experiment in Trinidad where he caught guppies from ponds where they had predators and relocated them to ponds upstream where the predators did not live. After 15 generations, Endler found that the relocated guppies had evolved dramatic and colorful patterns. Essentially, both experiments showed convergence due to similar selection pressures (i.e. predator selection against contrasting color patterns and sexual selection for contrasting color patterns). In a later study by David Reznick, the field population was examined 11 years later after Endler relocated the guppies to high streams. The study found that the populations has evolved in a number of different ways: bright color patterns, late maturation, larger sizes, smaller litter sizes, and larger offspring within litters. Further studies of "P. reticulata" and their predators in the streams of Trinidad have indicated that varying modes of selection through predation have not only changed the guppies color patterns, sizes, and behaviors, but their life histories and life history patterns. Natural selection is observed in contemporary human populations, with recent findings demonstrating that the population at risk of the severe debilitating disease kuru has significant over-representation of an immune variant of the prion protein gene G127V versus non-immune alleles. Scientists postulate one of the reasons for the rapid selection of this genetic variant is the lethality of the disease in non-immune persons. Other reported evolutionary trends in other populations include a lengthening of the reproductive period, reduction in cholesterol levels, blood glucose and blood pressure. A well known example of selection occurring in human populations is lactose tolerance. Lactose intolerance is the inability to metabolize lactose, because of a lack of the required enzyme lactase in the digestive system. The normal mammalian condition is for the young of a species to experience reduced lactase production at the end of the weaning period (a species-specific length of time). In humans, in non-dairy consuming societies, lactase production usually drops about 90% during the first four years of life, although the exact drop over time varies widely. Lactase activity persistence in adults is associated with two polymorphisms: C/T 13910 and G/A 22018 located in the "MCM6" gene. This gene difference eliminates the shutdown in lactase production, making it possible for members of these populations to continue consumption of raw milk and other fresh and fermented dairy products throughout their lives without difficulty. This appears to be an evolutionarily recent (around 10,000 years ago [and 7,500 years ago in Europe]) adaptation to dairy consumption, and has occurred independently in both northern Europe and east Africa in populations with a historically pastoral lifestyle. In 1971, ten adult specimens of "Podarcis sicula" (the Italian wall lizard) were transported from the Croatian island of Pod Kopište to the island Pod Mrčaru (about 3.5 km to the east). Both islands lie in the Adriatic Sea near Lastovo, where the lizards founded a new bottlenecked population. The two islands have similar size, elevation, microclimate, and a general absence of terrestrial predators and the "P. sicula" expanded for decades without human interference, even out-competing the (now locally extinct) "Podarcis melisellensis" population. In the 1990s, scientists returned to Pod Mrčaru and found that the lizards there differed greatly from those on Kopište. While mitochondrial DNA analyses have verified that "P. sicula" currently on Mrčaru are genetically very similar to the Kopište source population, the new Mrčaru population of "P. sicula" had a larger average size, shorter hind limbs, lower maximal sprint speed and altered response to simulated predatory attacks compared to the original Kopište population. These changes were attributed to "relaxed predation intensity" and greater protection from vegetation on Mrčaru. In 2008, further analysis revealed that the Mrčaru population of "P. sicula" have significantly different head morphology (longer, wider, and taller heads) and increased bite force compared to the original Kopište population. This change in head shape corresponded with a shift in diet: Kopište "P. sicula" are primarily insectivorous, but those on Mrčaru eat substantially more plant matter. The changes in foraging style may have contributed to a greater population density and decreased territorial behavior of the Mrčaru population. Another difference found between the two populations was the discovery, in the Mrčaru lizards, of cecal valves, which slow down food passage and provide fermenting chambers, allowing commensal microorganisms to convert cellulose to nutrients digestible by the lizards. Additionally, the researchers discovered that nematodes were common in the guts of Mrčaru lizards, but absent from Kopište "P. sicula", which do not have cecal valves. The cecal valves, which occur in less than 1 percent of all known species of scaled reptiles, have been described as an "adaptive novelty, a brand new feature not present in the ancestral population and newly evolved in these lizards". A similar study was also done regarding the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) that pollute the waters of the Elizabeth River in Portsmouth, Virginia. This chemical is a product of creosote, a type of tar. The Atlantic killifish ("Fundulus heteroclitus") has evolved a resistance to PAHs involving the AHR gene (the same gene involved in the tomcods). This particular study focused on the resistance to "acute toxicity and cardiac teratogenesis" caused by PAHs. that mutated within the tomcods in the Hudson River. An example involving the direct observation of gene modification due to selection pressures is the resistance to PCBs in codfish. After General Electric dumped polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the Hudson River from 1947 through 1976, tomcods ("Microgadus tomcod") living in the river were found to have evolved an increased resistance to the compound's toxic effects. The tolerance to the toxins is due to a change in the coding section of specific gene. Genetic samples were taken from the cods from 8 different rivers in the New England region: the St. Lawrence River, Miramichi River, Margaree River, Squamscott River, Niantic River, the Shinnecock Basic, the Hudson River, and the Hackensack River. Genetic analysis found that in the population of tomcods in the four southernmost rivers, the gene AHR2 (aryl hydrocarbon receptor 2) was present as an allele with a difference of two amino acid deletions. This deletion conferred a resistance to PCB in the fish species and was found in 99% of Hudson River tomcods, 92% in the Hackensack River, 6% in the Niantic River, and 5% in Shinnecock Bay. This pattern along the sampled bodies of waters infers a direct correlation of selective pressures leading to the evolution of PCB resistance in Atlantic tomcod fish. Urban wildlife is a broad and easily observable case of human-caused selection pressure on wildlife. With the growth in human habitats, different animals have adapted to survive within these urban environments. These types of environments can exert selection pressures on organisms, often leading to new adaptations. For example, the weed "Crepis sancta", found in France, has two types of seed, heavy and fluffy. The heavy ones land nearby to the parent plant, whereas fluffy seeds float further away on the wind. In urban environments, seeds that float far often land on infertile concrete. Within about 5–12 generations, the weed evolves to produce significantly heavier seeds than its rural relatives. Other examples of urban wildlife are rock pigeons and species of crows adapting to city environments around the world; African penguins in Simon's Town; baboons in South Africa; and a variety of insects living in human habitations. Studies have been conducted and have found striking changes to animals' (more specifically mammals') behavior and physical brain size due to their interactions with human-created environments. Animals that exhibit ecotonal variations allow for research concerning the mechanisms that maintain population differentiation. A wealth of information about natural selection, genotypic, and phenotypic variation; adaptation and ecomorphology; and social signaling has been acquired from the studies of three species of lizards located in the White Sands desert of New Mexico. "Holbrookia maculata", "Aspidoscelis inornata", and "Sceloporus undulatus" exhibit ecotonal populations that match both the dark soils and the white sands in the region. Research conducted on these species has found significant phenotypic and genotypic differences between the dark and light populations due to strong selection pressures. For example, "H. maculata" exhibits the strongest phenotypic difference (matches best with the substrate) of the light colored population coinciding with the least amount of gene flow between the populations and the highest genetic differences when compared to the other two lizard species. New Mexico's White Sands are a recent geologic formation (approximately 6000 years old to possibly 2000 years old). This recent origin of these gypsum sand dunes suggests that species exhibiting lighter-colored variations have evolved in a relatively short time frame. The three lizard species previously mentioned have been found to display variable social signal coloration in coexistence with their ecotonal variants. Not only have the three species convergently evolved their lighter variants due to the selection pressures from the environment, they've also evolved ecomorphological differences: morphology, behavior (in is case, escape behavior), and performance (in this case, sprint speed) collectively. Roches' work found surprising results in the escape behavior of "H. maculata" and "S. undulatus". When dark morphs were placed on white sands, their startle response was significantly diminished. This result could be due to varying factors relating to sand temperature or visual acuity; however, regardless of the cause, "…failure of mismatched lizards to sprint could be maladaptive when faced with a predator". Speciation is the evolutionary process by which new biological species arise. Biologists research species using different theoretical frameworks for what constitutes a species (see species problem and species complex) and there exists debate with regard to delineation. Nevertheless, much of the current research suggests that, "...speciation is a process of emerging genealogical distinctness, rather than a discontinuity affecting all genes simultaneously" and, in allopatry (the most common form of speciation), "reproductive isolation is a byproduct of evolutionary change in isolated populations, and thus can be considered an evolutionary accident". Speciation occurs as the result of the latter (allopatry); however, a variety of differing agents have been documented and are often defined and classified in various forms (e.g. peripatric, parapatric, sympatric, polyploidization, hybridization, etc.). Instances of speciation have been observed in both nature and the laboratory. A.-B Florin and A. Ödeen note that, "strong laboratory evidence for allopatric speciation is lacking..."; however, contrary to laboratory studies (focused specifically on models of allopatric speciation), "speciation most definitely occurs; [and] the vast amount of evidence from nature makes it unreasonable to argue otherwise". Coyne and Orr compiled a list of 19 laboratory experiments on "Drosophila" presenting examples of allopatric speciation by divergent selection concluding that, "reproductive isolation in allopatry can evolve as a byproduct of divergent selection". Research documenting speciation is abundant. Biologists have documented numerous examples of speciation in nature—with evolution having produced far more species than any observer would consider necessary. For example, there are well over 350,000 described species of beetles. Examples of speciation come from the observations of island biogeography and the process of adaptive radiation, both explained previously. Evidence of common descent can also be found through paleontological studies of speciation within geologic strata. The examples described below represent different modes of speciation and provide strong evidence for common descent. It is important to acknowledge that not all speciation research directly observes divergence from "start-to-finish". This is by virtue of research delimitation and definition ambiguity, and occasionally leads research towards historical reconstructions. In light of this, examples abound, and the following are by no means exhaustive—comprising only a small fraction of the instances observed. Once again, take note of the established fact that, "...natural selection is a ubiquitous part of speciation...", and is the primary driver of speciation, so; hereinafter, examples of speciation will often interdepend and correspond with selection. Limitations exist within the fossil record when considering the concept of what constitutes a species. Paleontologists largely rely on a different framework: the morphological species concept. Due to the absence of information such as reproductive behavior or genetic material in fossils, paleontologists distinguish species by their phenotypic differences. Extensive investigation of the fossil record has led to numerous theories concerning speciation (in the context of paleontology) with many of the studies suggesting that stasis, punctuation, and lineage branching are common. In 1995, D. H. Erwin, et al. published a major work—"New Approaches to Speciation in the Fossil Record"—which compiled 58 studies of fossil speciation (between 1972 and 1995) finding most of the examples suggesting stasis (involving anagenesis or punctuation) and 16 studies suggesting speciation. Despite stasis appearing to be the predominate conclusion at first glance, this particular meta-study investigated deeper, concluding that, "...no single pattern appears dominate..." with "...the preponderance of studies illustrating "both" stasis and gradualism in the history of a single lineage". Many of the studies conducted utilize seafloor sediments that can provide a significant amount of data concerning planktonic microfossils. The succession of fossils in stratigraphy can be used to determine evolutionary trends among fossil organisms. In addition, incidences of speciation can be interpreted from the data and numerous studies have been conducted documenting both morphological evolution and speciation. Extensive research on the planktonic foraminifer "Globorotalia truncatulinoides" has provided insight into paleobiogeographical and paleoenvironmental studies alongside the relationship between the environment and evolution. In an extensive study of the paleobiogeography of "G. truncatulinoides", researchers found evidence that suggested the formation of a new species (via the sympatric speciation framework). Cores taken of the sediment containing the three species "G. crassaformis", "G. tosaensis", and "G. truncatulinoides" found that before 2.7 Ma, only "G. crassaformis" and "G. tosaensis" existed. A speciation event occurred at that time, whereby intermediate forms existed for quite some time. Eventually "G. tosaensis" disappears from the record (suggesting extinction) but exists as an intermediate between the extant "G. crassaformis" and "G. truncatulinoides". This record of the fossils also matched the already existing phylogeny constructed by morphological characters of the three species. See figure 6a. In a large study of five species of radiolarians ("Calocycletta caepa", "Pterocanium prismatium", "Pseudoculous vema", "Eucyrtidium calvertense", and "Eucyrtidium matuyamai"), the researchers documented considerable evolutionary change in each lineage. Alongside this, trends with the closely related species "E. calvertense" and "E. matuyamai" showed that about 1.9 Mya "E. calvertense" invaded a new region of the Pacific, becoming isolated from the main population. The stratigraphy of this species clearly shows that this isolated population evolved into "E. Matuyamai". It then reinvaded the region of the still-existing and static "E. calvertense" population whereby a sudden decrease in body size occurred. Eventually the invader "E. matuyamai" disappeared from the stratum (presumably due to extinction) coinciding with a desistance of size reduction of the "E. calvertense" population. From that point on, the change in size leveled to a constant. The authors suggest competition-induced character displacement. Researchers conducted measurements on 5,000 "Rhizosolenia" (a planktonic diatom) specimens from eight sedimentary cores in the Pacific Ocean. The core samples spanned two million years and were chronologized using sedimentary magnetic field reversal measurements. All the core samples yielded a similar pattern of divergence: with a single lineage ("R. bergonii") occurring before 3.1 Mya and two morphologically distinct lineages (daughter species: "R. praebergonii") appearing after. The parameters used to measure the samples were consistent throughout each core. An additional study of the daughter species "R. praebergonii" found that, after the divergence, it invaded the Indian Ocean. A recent study was conducted involving the planktonic foraminifer Turborotalia. The authors extracted "51 stratigraphically ordered samples from a site within the oceanographically stable tropical North Pacific gyre". Two hundred individual species were examined using ten specific morphological traits (size, compression index, chamber aspect ratio, chamber inflation, aperture aspect ratio, test height, test expansion, umbilical angle, coiling direction, and the number of chambers in the final whorl). Utilizing multivariate statistical clustering methods, the study found that the species continued to evolve non-directionally within the Eocene from 45 Ma to about 36 Ma. However, from 36 Ma to approximately 34 Ma, the stratigraphic layers showed two distinct clusters with significantly defining characteristics distinguishing one another from a single species. The authors concluded that speciation must have occurred and that the two new species were ancestral to the prior species. Just as in most of evolutionary biology, this example represents the interdisciplinary nature of the field and the necessary collection of data from various fields (e.g. oceanography, paleontology) and the integration of mathematical analysis (e.g. biometry). There exists evidence for vertebrate speciation despite limitations imposed by the fossil record. Studies have been conducted documenting similar patterns seen in marine invertebrates. For example, extensive research documenting rates of morphological change, evolutionary trends, and speciation patterns in small mammals has significantly contributed to the scientific literature; once more, demonstrating that evolution (and speciation) occurred in the past and lends support common ancestry. A study of four mammalian genera: "Hyopsodus", "Pelycodus", "Haplomylus" (three from the Eocene), and "Plesiadapis" (from the Paleocene) found that—through a large number of stratigraphic layers and specimen sampling—each group exhibited, "gradual phyletic evolution, overall size increase, iterative evolution of small species, and character divergence following the origin of each new lineage". The authors of this study concluded that speciation was discernible. In another study concerning morphological trends and rates of evolution found that the European arvicolid rodent radiated into 52 distinct lineages over a time frame of 5 million years while documenting examples of phyletic gradualism, punctuation, and stasis. William R. Rice and George W. Salt found experimental evidence of sympatric speciation in the common fruit fly. They collected a population of "Drosophila melanogaster" from Davis, California and placed the pupae into a habitat maze. Newborn flies had to investigate the maze to find food. The flies had three choices to take in finding food. Light and dark (phototaxis), up and down (geotaxis), and the scent of acetaldehyde and the scent of ethanol (chemotaxis) were the three options. This eventually divided the flies into 42 spatio-temporal habitats. They then cultured two strains that chose opposite habitats. One of the strains emerged early, immediately flying upward in the dark attracted to the acetaldehyde. The other strain emerged late and immediately flew downward, attracted to light and ethanol. Pupae from the two strains were then placed together in the maze and allowed to mate at the food site. They then were collected. A selective penalty was imposed on the female flies that switched habitats. This entailed that none of their gametes would pass on to the next generation. After 25 generations of this mating test, it showed reproductive isolation between the two strains. They repeated the experiment again without creating the penalty against habitat switching and the result was the same; reproductive isolation was produced. A study of the gall-forming wasp species "Belonocnema treatae" found that populations inhabiting different host plants ("Quercus geminata" and "Q. Virginiana") exhibited different body size and gall morphology alongside a strong expression of sexual isolation. The study hypothesized that "B. treatae" populations inhabiting different host plants would show evidence of divergent selection promoting speciation. The researchers sampled gall wasp species and oak tree localities, measured body size (right hand tibia of each wasp), and counted gall chamber numbers. In addition to measurements, they conducted mating assays and statistical analyses. Genetic analysis was also conducted on two mtDNA sites (416 base pairs from cytochrome C and 593 base pairs from cytochrome oxidase ) to "control for the confounding effects of time since divergence among allopatric populations". In an additional study, the researchers studied two gall wasp species "B. treatae" and "Disholcaspis quercusvirens" and found strong morphological and behavioral variation among host-associated populations. This study further confounded prerequisites to speciation. One example of evolution at work is the case of the hawthorn fly, "Rhagoletis pomonella", also known as the apple maggot fly, which appears to be undergoing sympatric speciation. Different populations of hawthorn fly feed on different fruits. A distinct population emerged in North America in the 19th century some time after apples, a non-native species, were introduced. This apple-feeding population normally feeds only on apples and not on the historically preferred fruit of hawthorns. The current hawthorn feeding population does not normally feed on apples. Some evidence, such as the fact that six out of thirteen allozyme loci are different, that hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies; and that there is little evidence of interbreeding (researchers have documented a 4–6% hybridization rate) suggests that speciation is occurring. The London Underground mosquito is a species of mosquito in the genus "Culex" found in the London Underground. It evolved from the overground species "Culex pipiens". This mosquito, although first discovered in the London Underground system, has been found in underground systems around the world. It is suggested that it may have adapted to human-made underground systems since the last century from local above-ground "Culex pipiens", although more recent evidence suggests that it is a southern mosquito variety related to "Culex pipiens" that has adapted to the warm underground spaces of northern cities. The two species have very different behaviours, are extremely difficult to mate, and with different allele frequency, consistent with genetic drift during a founder event. More specifically, this mosquito, "Culex pipiens molestus", breeds all-year round, is cold intolerant, and bites rats, mice, and humans, in contrast to the above ground species "Culex pipiens" that is cold tolerant, hibernates in the winter, and bites only birds. When the two varieties were cross-bred the eggs were infertile suggesting reproductive isolation. The genetic data indicates that the "molestus" form in the London Underground mosquito appears to have a common ancestry, rather than the population at each station being related to the nearest aboveground population (i.e. the "pipiens" form). Byrne and Nichols' working hypothesis was that adaptation to the underground environment had occurred locally in London only once. These widely separated populations are distinguished by very minor genetic differences, which suggest that the molestus form developed: a single mtDNA difference shared among the underground populations of ten Russian cities; a single fixed microsatellite difference in populations spanning Europe, Japan, Australia, the middle East and Atlantic islands. Debate exists determining when the isthmus of Panama closed. Much of the evidence supports a closure approximately 2.7 to 3.5 mya using "...multiple lines of evidence and independent surveys". However, a recent study suggests an earlier, transient bridge existed 13 to 15 mya. Regardless of the timing of the isthmus closer, biologists can study the species on the Pacific and Caribbean sides in, what has been called, "one of the greatest natural experiments in evolution." Studies of snapping shrimp in the genus "Alpheus" have provided direct evidence of allopatric speciation events, and contributed to the literature concerning rates of molecular evolution. Phylogenetic reconstructions using "multilocus datasets and coalescent-based analytical methods" support the relationships of the species in the group and molecular clock techniques support the separation of 15 pairs of "Alpheus" species between 3 and 15 million years ago. The botanist Verne Grant pioneered the field of plant speciation with his research and major publications on the topic. As stated before, many biologists rely on the biological species concept, with some modern researchers utilizing the phylogenetic species concept. Debate exists in the field concerning which framework should be applied in the research. Regardless, reproductive isolation is the primary role in the process of speciation and has been studied extensively by biologists in their respective disciplines. Both hybridization and polyploidy have also been found to be major contributors to plant speciation. With the advent of molecular markers, "hybridization [is] considerably more frequent than previously believed". In addition to these two modes leading to speciation, pollinator preference and isolation, chromosomal rearrangements, and divergent natural selection have become critical to the speciation of plants. Furthermore, recent research suggests that sexual selection, epigenetic drivers, and the creation of incompatible allele combinations caused by balancing selection also contribute to the formation of new species. Instances of these modes have been researched in both the laboratory and in nature. Studies have also suggested that, due to "the sessile nature of plants... [it increases] the relative importance of ecological speciation..." Hybridization between two different species sometimes leads to a distinct phenotype. This phenotype can also be fitter than the parental lineage and as such, natural selection may then favor these individuals. Eventually, if reproductive isolation is achieved, it may lead to a separate species. However, reproductive isolation between hybrids and their parents is particularly difficult to achieve and thus hybrid speciation is considered a rare event. However, hybridization resulting in reproductive isolation is considered an important means of speciation in plants, since polyploidy (having more than two copies of each chromosome) is tolerated in plants more readily than in animals. Polyploidy is important in hybrids as it allows reproduction, with the two different sets of chromosomes each being able to pair with an identical partner during meiosis. Polyploids also have more genetic diversity, which allows them to avoid inbreeding depression in small populations. Hybridization without change in chromosome number is called homoploid hybrid speciation. It is considered very rare but has been shown in "Heliconius" butterflies and sunflowers. Polyploid speciation, which involves changes in chromosome number, is a more common phenomenon, especially in plant species. Polyploidy is a mechanism that has caused many rapid speciation events in sympatry because offspring of, for example, tetraploid x diploid matings often result in triploid sterile progeny. Not all polyploids are reproductively isolated from their parental plants, and gene flow may still occur for example through triploid hybrid x diploid matings that produce tetraploids, or matings between meiotically unreduced gametes from diploids and gametes from tetraploids. It has been suggested that many of the existing plant and most animal species have undergone an event of polyploidization in their evolutionary history. Reproduction of successful polyploid species is sometimes asexual, by parthenogenesis or apomixis, as for unknown reasons many asexual organisms are polyploid. Rare instances of polyploid mammals are known, but most often result in prenatal death. Researchers consider reproductive isolation as key to speciation. A major aspect of speciation research is to determine the nature of the barriers that inhibit reproduction. Botanists often consider the zoological classifications of prezygotic and postzygotic barriers as inadequate. The examples provided below give insight into the process of speciation. The creation of a new allopolyploid species of monkeyflower ("Mimulus peregrinus") was observed on the banks of the Shortcleuch Water—a river in Leadhills, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. Parented from the cross of the two species "Mimulus guttatus" (containing 14 pairs of chromosomes) and "Mimulus luteus" (containing 30-31 pairs from a chromosome duplication), "M. peregrinus" has six copies of its chromosomes (caused by the duplication of the sterile hybrid triploid). Due to the nature of these species, they have the ability to self-fertilize. Because of its number of chromosomes it is not able to pair with "M. guttatus", "M. luteus", or their sterile triploid offspring. "M. peregrinus" will either die, producing no offspring, or reproduce with itself effectively leading to a new species. "Raphanobrassica" includes all intergeneric hybrids between the genera "Raphanus" (radish) and "Brassica" (cabbages, etc.). The "Raphanobrassica" is an allopolyploid cross between the radish ("Raphanus sativus") and cabbage ("Brassica oleracea"). Plants of this parentage are now known as radicole. Two other fertile forms of "Raphanobrassica" are known. Raparadish, an allopolyploid hybrid between "Raphanus sativus" and "Brassica rapa" is grown as a fodder crop. "Raphanofortii" is the allopolyploid hybrid between "Brassica tournefortii" and "Raphanus caudatus". The "Raphanobrassica" is a fascinating plant, because (in spite of its hybrid nature), it is not sterile. This has led some botanists to propose that the accidental hybridization of a flower by pollen of another species in nature could be a mechanism of speciation common in higher plants. The Welsh groundsel is an allopolyploid, a plant that contains sets of chromosomes originating from two different species. Its ancestor was "Senecio × baxteri", an infertile hybrid that can arise spontaneously when the closely related groundsel ("Senecio vulgaris") and Oxford ragwort ("Senecio squalidus") grow alongside each other. Sometime in the early 20th century, an accidental doubling of the number of chromosomes in an "S. × baxteri" plant led to the formation of a new fertile species. The York groundsel ("Senecio eboracensis") is a hybrid species of the self-incompatible "Senecio squalidus" (also known as Oxford ragwort) and the self-compatible "Senecio vulgaris" (also known as common groundsel). Like "S. vulgaris", "S. eboracensis" is self-compatible; however, it shows little or no natural crossing with its parent species, and is therefore reproductively isolated, indicating that strong breed barriers exist between this new hybrid and its parents. It resulted from a backcrossing of the F1 hybrid of its parents to "S. vulgaris". "S. vulgaris" is native to Britain, while "S. squalidus" was introduced from Sicily in the early 18th century; therefore, "S. eboracensis" has speciated from those two species within the last 300 years. Other hybrids descended from the same two parents are known. Some are infertile, such as "S." x "baxteri". Other fertile hybrids are also known, including "S. vulgaris" var. "hibernicus", now common in Britain, and the allohexaploid "S. cambrensis", which according to molecular evidence probably originated independently at least three times in different locations. Morphological and genetic evidence support the status of "S. eboracensis" as separate from other known hybrids. Kirsten Bomblies et al. from the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology discovered two genes in the thale cress plant, "Arabidopsis thaliana". When both genes are inherited by an individual, it ignites a reaction in the hybrid plant that turns its own immune system against it. In the parents, the genes were not detrimental, but they evolved separately to react defectively when combined. To test this, Bomblies crossed 280 genetically different strains of "Arabidopsis" in 861 distinct ways and found that 2 percent of the resulting hybrids were necrotic. Along with allocating the same indicators, the 20 plants also shared a comparable collection of genetic activity in a group of 1,080 genes. In almost all of the cases, Bomblies discovered that only two genes were required to cause the autoimmune response. Bomblies looked at one hybrid in detail and found that one of the two genes belonged to the NB-LRR class, a common group of disease resistance genes involved in recognizing new infections. When Bomblies removed the problematic gene, the hybrids developed normally. Over successive generations, these incompatibilities could create divisions between different plant strains, reducing their chances of successful mating and turning distinct strains into separate species. "Tragopogon" is one example where hybrid speciation has been observed. In the early 20th century, humans introduced three species of salsify into North America. These species, the western salsify ("Tragopogon dubius"), the meadow salsify ("Tragopogon pratensis"), and the oyster plant ("Tragopogon porrifolius"), are now common weeds in urban wastelands. In the 1950s, botanists found two new species in the regions of Idaho and Washington, where the three already known species overlapped. One new species, "Tragopogon miscellus", is a tetraploid hybrid of "T. dubius" and "T. pratensis". The other new species, "Tragopogon mirus", is also an allopolyploid, but its ancestors were "T. dubius" and "T. porrifolius". These new species are usually referred to as "the Ownbey hybrids" after the botanist who first described them. The "T. mirus" population grows mainly by reproduction of its own members, but additional episodes of hybridization continue to add to the "T. mirus" population. "T. dubius" and "T. pratensis" mated in Europe but were never able to hybridize. A study published in March 2011 found that when these two plants were introduced to North America in the 1920s, they mated and doubled the number of chromosomes in there hybrid "Tragopogon miscellus" allowing for a "reset" of its genes, which in turn, allows for greater genetic variation. Professor Doug Soltis of the University of Florida said, "We caught evolution in the act…New and diverse patterns of gene expression may allow the new species to rapidly adapt in new environments". This observable event of speciation through hybridization further advances the evidence for the common descent of organisms and the time frame in which the new species arose in its new environment. The hybridizations have been reproduced artificially in laboratories from 2004 to present day. The bird species, "Sylvia atricapilla", commonly referred to as blackcaps, lives in Germany and flies southwest to Spain while a smaller group flies northwest to Great Britain during the winter. Gregor Rolshausen from the University of Freiburg found that the genetic separation of the two populations is already in progress. The differences found have arisen in about 30 generations. With DNA sequencing, the individuals can be assigned to a correct group with an 85% accuracy. Stuart Bearhop from the University of Exeter reported that birds wintering in England tend to mate only among themselves, and not usually with those wintering in the Mediterranean. It is still inference to say that the populations will become two different species, but researchers expect it due to the continued genetic and geographic separation. The shortfin molly ("Poecilia mexicana") is a small fish that lives in the Sulfur Caves of Mexico. Years of study on the species have found that two distinct populations of mollies—the dark interior fish and the bright surface water fish—are becoming more genetically divergent. The populations have no obvious barrier separating the two; however, it was found that the mollies are hunted by a large water bug ("Belostoma spp"). Tobler collected the bug and both types of mollies, placed them in large plastic bottles, and put them back in the cave. After a day, it was found that, in the light, the cave-adapted fish endured the most damage, with four out of every five stab-wounds from the water bugs sharp mouthparts. In the dark, the situation was the opposite. The mollies' senses can detect a predator's threat in their own habitats, but not in the other ones. Moving from one habitat to the other significantly increases the risk of dying. Tobler plans on further experiments, but believes that it is a good example of the rise of a new species. Natural selection, geographic isolation, and speciation in progress are illustrated by the relationship between the polar bear ("Ursus maritimus") and the brown bear ("Ursus arctos"). Considered separate species throughout their ranges; however, it has been documented that they possess the capability to interbreed and produce fertile offspring. This introgressive hybridization has occurred both in the wild and in captivity and has been documented and verified with DNA testing. The oldest known fossil evidence of polar bears dates around 130,000 to 110,000 years ago; however, molecular data has revealed varying estimates of divergence time. Mitochondrial DNA analysis has given an estimate of 150,000 years ago while nuclear genome analysis has shown an approximate divergence of 603,000 years ago. Recent research using the complete genomes (rather than mtDNA or partial nuclear genomes) establishes the divergence of polar and brown bears between 479-343 thousand years ago. Despite the differences in divergence rates, molecular research suggests the sister species have undergone a highly complex process of speciation and admixture between the two. Polar bears have acquired significant anatomical and physiological differences from the brown bear that allow it to comfortably survive in conditions that the brown bear likely could not. Notable examples include the ability to swim sixty miles or more at a time in freezing waters, fur that blends with the snow, and to stay warm in the arctic environment, an elongated neck that makes it easier to keep their heads above water while swimming, and oversized and heavy-matted webbed feet that act as paddles when swimming. It has also evolved small papillae and vacuole-like suction cups on the soles to make them less likely to slip on the ice, alongside smaller ears for a reduction of heat loss, eyelids that act like sunglasses, accommodations for their all-meat diet, a large stomach capacity to enable opportunistic feeding, and the ability to fast for up to nine months while recycling their urea. This example presents a macro-evolutionary change involving an amalgamation of several fields of evolutionary biology, e.g. adaptation through natural selection, geographic isolation, speciation, and hybridization. Animal coloration provided important early evidence for evolution by natural selection, at a time when little direct evidence was available. Three major functions of coloration were discovered in the second half of the 19th century, and subsequently used as evidence of selection: camouflage (protective coloration); mimicry, both Batesian and Müllerian; and aposematism. After the circumstantial evidence provided by Darwin in "On the Origin of Species", and given the absence of mechanisms for genetic variation or heredity at that time, naturalists including Darwin's contemporaries, Henry Walter Bates and Fritz Müller sought evidence from what they could observe in the field. Bates and Müller described forms of mimicry that now carry their names, based on their observations of tropical butterflies. These highly specific patterns of coloration are readily explained by natural selection, since predators such as birds which hunt by sight will more often catch and kill insects that are less good mimics of distasteful models than those that are better mimics; but the patterns are otherwise hard to explain. Darwinists such as Alfred Russel Wallace and Edward Bagnall Poulton, and in the 20th century Hugh Cott and Bernard Kettlewell, sought evidence that natural selection was taking place. In 1889, Wallace noted that snow camouflage, especially plumage and pelage that changed with the seasons, suggested an obvious explanation as an adaptation for concealment. Poulton's 1890 book, "The Colours of Animals", written during Darwinism's lowest ebb, used all the forms of coloration to argue the case for natural selection. Cott described many kinds of camouflage, mimicry and warning coloration in his 1940 book "Adaptive Coloration in Animals", and in particular his drawings of coincident disruptive coloration in frogs convinced other biologists that these deceptive markings were products of natural selection. Kettlewell experimented on peppered moth evolution, showing that the species had adapted as pollution changed the environment; this provided compelling evidence of Darwinian evolution. Computer science allows the iteration of self-changing complex systems to be studied, allowing a mathematical understanding of the nature of the processes behind evolution; providing evidence for the hidden causes of known evolutionary events. The evolution of specific cellular mechanisms like spliceosomes that can turn the cell's genome into a vast workshop of billions of interchangeable parts that can create tools that create tools that create tools that create us can be studied for the first time in an exact way. "It has taken more than five decades, but the electronic computer is now powerful enough to simulate evolution", assisting bioinformatics in its attempt to solve biological problems. Computational evolutionary biology has enabled researchers to trace the evolution of a large number of organisms by measuring changes in their DNA, rather than through physical taxonomy or physiological observations alone. It has compared entire genomes permitting the study of more complex evolutionary events, such as gene duplication, horizontal gene transfer, and the prediction of factors important in speciation. It has also helped build complex computational models of populations to predict the outcome of the system over time and track and share information on an increasingly large number of species and organisms. Future endeavors are to reconstruct a now more complex tree of life. Christoph Adami, a professor at the Keck Graduate Institute made this point in "Evolution of biological complexity": David J. Earl and Michael W. Deem—professors at Rice University made this point in "Evolvability is a selectable trait": "Computer simulations of the evolution of linear sequences have demonstrated the importance of recombination of blocks of sequence rather than point mutagenesis alone. Repeated cycles of point mutagenesis, recombination, and selection should allow "in vitro" molecular evolution of complex sequences, such as proteins." Evolutionary molecular engineering, also called directed evolution or "in vitro" molecular evolution involves the iterated cycle of mutation, multiplication with recombination, and selection of the fittest of individual molecules (proteins, DNA, and RNA). Natural evolution can be relived showing us possible paths from catalytic cycles based on proteins to based on RNA to based on DNA. </doc> <doc id="2339579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339579" title="Fat City (film)"> Fat City (film) Fat City is a 1972 American neo-noir boxing tragedy film directed by John Huston. The picture stars Stacy Keach, Jeff Bridges, and Susan Tyrrell. One of Huston's later films, it is based on the boxing novel "Fat City" (1969) by Leonard Gardner, who also wrote the screenplay. Tyrrell received a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination as the alcoholic, world-weary Oma. Billy Tully, a boxer past his prime, goes to a gym in Stockton, California to get back into shape and spars with Ernie Munger, an 18-year-old he meets there. Seeing potential in the youngster, Tully suggests that Munger look up his former manager and trainer Ruben. Tully later tells combative barfly Oma and her easygoing boyfriend Earl how impressed he is with the kid. Newly inspired, Tully decides to get back into boxing himself. Tully's life has been a mess since his wife left him. He drinks too much, cannot hold a job, and picks fruit and vegetables with migrant workers to make ends meet. He still blames Ruben for mishandling his last fight. Tully tries moving in with Oma after Earl is sent to prison for a few months, but their relationship is rocky. Munger loses his first fight, his nose broken, and he is knocked out in his next bout as well. He gets pressured into marriage by Faye because a baby's on the way, so he picks fruit in the fields for a few dollars. For his first bout back, Tully is matched against a tough Mexican boxer named Lucero, who is of an advanced age and in considerable pain. They knock each other down before Tully is declared the winner. His celebration is brief when Tully discovers that he will be paid only $100, which causes him to end his business relationship with Ruben. He then returns to Oma's apartment and finds Earl there. Earl, still paying the rent, assures him that the alcoholic Oma wants nothing more to do with Tully. Munger is returning home from a fight one night when he sees Tully drunk in the street. Munger tries to ignore him, but when Tully asks to have a drink, he reluctantly agrees to coffee. The two men sit and drink, and Tully looks around at all the people immediately around him, all of whom now seem at an impassable distance. Munger says he needs to leave, but Tully asks him to stay to talk a while. Munger agrees, and the two men sit drinking their coffee together in silence. Like the novel, the film was set in Stockton, California and shot mostly on location there. All of the original skid row depicted in the novel was demolished (West End Redevelopment) from 1965 to 1969. Most of the skid row scenes were filmed in the outer fringe of the original skid row which was torn down a year after "Fat City" was filmed in order to make way for the construction of the Crosstown Freeway, aka "Ort Lofthus Freeway". The drama is featured in the documentary "Visions of Light: The Art of Cinematography" (1992) for Conrad L. Hall's use of lighting. The melancholic "Help Me Make It Through the Night" is sung by Kris Kristofferson at the beginning and end of the movie. In a 1969 interview with "Life" magazine, Leonard Gardner explained the meaning of the title of his novel. "Lots of people have asked me about the title of my book. It's part of Negro slang. When you say you want to go to Fat City, it means you want the good life. I got the idea for the title after seeing a photograph of a tenement in an exhibit in San Francisco. 'Fat City' was scrawled in chalk on a wall. The title is ironic: Fat City is a crazy goal no one is ever going to reach." Fat City is also an old nickname for Stockton, California, where the novel and film are set. The nickname preceded Gardner's novel. The film premiered in the United States on July 26, 1972. The film was screened at various film festivals, including: the Cannes Film Festival, France; the Palm Springs International Film Festival, USA; and others. After a string of box office flops, John Huston rebounded with this film, which opened to tremendous praise and good business, and he was soon in demand for more work. Vincent Canby, film critic for "The New York Times", liked the film and Huston's direction. He wrote, "This is grim material but "Fat City" is too full of life to be as truly dire as it sounds. Ernie and Tully, along with Oma (Susan Tyrrell), the sherry-drinking barfly Tully shacks up with for a while, the small-time fight managers, the other boxers and assorted countermen, upholsterers, and lettuce pickers whom the film encounters en route, are presented with such stunning and sometimes comic accuracy that "Fat City" transcends its own apparent gloom." Roger Ebert made the case for it as one of Huston's best films. He also appreciated the performances. Ebert wrote, "[Huston] treats [the story] with a level, unsentimental honesty and makes it into one of his best films...[and] the movie's edges are filled with small, perfect character performances." J. Hoberman of the "Village Voice" wrote, "The movie is crafty work and very much a show. In one way or another, right down to the percussively abrupt open ending, it's all about being hammered." Dave Kehr of the "Chicago Reader" wrote, "John Huston's 1972 restatement of his theme of perpetual loss is intelligently understated." Film critic Dennis Schwartz wrote, "The downbeat sports drama is a marvelous understated character study of the marginalized leading desperate lives, where they have left themselves no palpable way out. The stunning photography by Conrad Hall keeps things looking realistic." In 2009, "Fat City" enjoyed a week-long revival screening at New York City's Film Forum. It has a 100% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 20 reviews. Wins Nominations Under the then-extant rules, Stacy Keach should have been awarded Best Actor from the New York Film Critics Circle for his portrayal of Tully because it required only a plurality of the vote. Keach was the top vote-getter for Best Actor. At the time, the NYCC was second in prestige only to the Academy Awards and was a major influence on subsequent Oscar nominations. A vocal faction of the NYFCC, dismayed by the rather low percentage of votes that would have given Keach the award, successfully demanded a rule change so that the winner would have to obtain a majority. In subsequent balloting, Keach failed to win a majority of the vote, and he lost ground to the performance of Marlon Brando in "The Godfather". However, Brando could not gain a majority either. As a compromise candidate, Laurence Olivier in "Sleuth" eventually was awarded Best Actor. Coincidentally, director John Huston had initially wanted Brando to play the role of Tully. When Brando informed Huston repeatedly that he needed some more time to think about it, Huston finally came to the conclusion that the star wasn't really interested and looked for another actor until he finally cast the then relatively unknown Keach. </doc> <doc id="2339583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339583" title="Marbot family"> Marbot family The Marbot family originated from the province of Quercy, near what is now the department of Corrèze in south-western France. It is of noble origin, although its members do not precede their names with any title. Its name is engraved on the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The Marbot family became influential at the beginning of the 17th century, becoming allied to and joining in the society of several of the more important families of the Quercy province. Its members engaged in activities related to commerce and law, which brought them considerable wealth, allowing them to acquire property and live from the income of their estates. As from the 18th century, many members of the Marbot family began to play an active role in the military, giving France numerous generals and naval officers. Others became closely linked to the colonial expansion of France, where they held various administrative positions until the gradual decline of the French empire, towards the beginning of the 20th century. Marbot is the family name of the following persons: </doc> <doc id="2339588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339588" title="Bill Madlock"> Bill Madlock Bill "Mad Dog" Madlock, Jr. (born January 2, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball player. From 1973 to 1987, Madlock was a right-handed hitter who won four National League batting titles. His record of four batting titles as a third baseman would be eclipsed in 1988 by Wade Boggs. Since 1970, only Tony Gwynn has won more National League batting titles (eight). Madlock is also one of only three right-handed hitters to have won multiple National League batting titles since 1960, Roberto Clemente having also won four and Tommy Davis having won back-to-back titles in 1962 and 1963. Bill Madlock was born in Memphis, Tennessee, but grew up in Decatur, Illinois, where he graduated from Eisenhower High School. His future wife Cynthia attended the same city's Stephen Decatur High School. At Eisenhower High he played basketball, football and baseball. He received 150 scholarship offers for his skills as a basketball player, around 100 for his skills as a football player and two for his skills as a baseball player. He accepted one of the two baseball scholarships, at Southeastern Community College in Keokuk, Iowa, because of his preference for playing a less hazardous game. His reasoning was clear from what he later told a Sports Illustrated reporter: "I didn't want to have 6'5", 250-pound guys bearing down on me, so I decided to play baseball." He was considered for the baseball draft by the St. Louis Cardinals in 1969, but would not sign with the Cardinals for two reasons. The first was because he figured he would have a difficult time breaking into the majors as a shortstop given the abilities of the Cardinal shortstop at the time, Dal Maxvill. The second was the delay required by the birth of his daughter Sara in December 1969. By the time Madlock was ready to sign with a major league baseball team, he had decided to go with an offer from the Washington Senators organization. While an active player with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1983, Madlock's three children, his daughter Sara and his older sons Stephen and Douglas, had earned the nickname "The Mad Puppies" around the Pirates clubhouse. Madlock's fourth child, his son Jeremy, was born in what was described as a "tense delivery" by Madlock, who witnessed it in the delivery room, in that same year. In a 15-season career, Madlock, nicknamed "Mad Dog", compiled a .305 batting average with 2008 hits, 163 home runs and 860 runs batted in. Madlock was drafted by the Washington Senators in the 5th round of the secondary phase of the 1970 amateur draft. He made his debut with the Texas Rangers (who had moved from Washington after the 1971 season) on September 7, 1973, and played 21 games with them, batting .351. After the season, Madlock and Vic Harris were traded to the Cubs for Ferguson Jenkins. Madlock replaced Ron Santo as the Cubs' third baseman and hit .313, the highest average for a Cubs third baseman since Stan Hack batted .323 in 1945. In 1975 Madlock won his first batting title with a .354 average. On July 26 of that year he went 6-for-6 during a Cubs' loss to the New York Mets. He also made the first of his three All-Star appearances and shared Game MVP honors with Jon Matlack. In 1976 Madlock repeated as batting champion with a .339 average, edging out Ken Griffey, Sr. of the Cincinnati Reds on the final day of the regular season (October 3, 1976). In an 8–2 win over the Montreal Expos, Madlock collected four singles to raise his average from .333 to .339, one point ahead of Griffey. Griffey belatedly entered his team's game (which the Reds won 11-1 over the Atlanta Braves), and went 0-for-2, dropping his average to .336. During the advent of MLB free agency following the 1976 season, Madlock demanded a multiyear contract with an annual salary of about $200,000, but was rejected by team owner Philip K. Wrigley who then announced that Madlock would be traded "to anyone foolish enough to want him." In what was considered one of the five worst trades in Cubs history by the "Chicago Tribune"'s Chris Kuc in 2016, Madlock and Rob Sperring were dealt to the San Francisco Giants for Bobby Murcer, Steve Ontiveros and minor league pitcher Andy Muhlstock on February 11, 1977. Madlock, an average fielder at best, was moved to second base (the Giants already had Darrell Evans at third), and batted "only" .302 and .309 in 1977 and 1978 respectively. When Madlock, along with Lenny Randle and Dave Roberts was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Ed Whitson, Al Holland and Fred Breining on June 28, 1979, he was a starting third baseman again on a ballclub that eventually won the 1979 World Series. He batted .328 with the Pirates during the regular season and .375 in the World Series. In 1980 Madlock's average dropped to .277 as the Pirates finished third in the National League East, eight games behind the eventual World Champion Philadelphia Phillies. For Madlock, the season became infamous for an incident during a May 1 game against the Montreal Expos at Three Rivers Stadium. Madlock poked umpire Jerry Crawford in the face with his glove after being called out on strikes with the bases loaded. National League President Chub Feeney fined Madlock $5,000 and suspended him 15 games. Madlock appealed the suspension and remained in uniform before finally serving the suspension on June 6, after National League umpires threatened to eject him from every game he tried to play in. Madlock won two more batting titles, in 1981 and 1983, making him the first player to win multiple batting titles with two different teams. He also finished second in the National League in batting in 1982, his .319 average bettered only by Al Oliver's .331. Afterwards, however, his play mirrored the decline of the team. In August 1985 the Pirates traded him to Los Angeles which, like Pittsburgh in 1979, was contending for a division title. The Dodgers lost to the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS but Madlock hit three home runs in the loss. In , the Dodgers released Madlock, who signed a few days later with the Detroit Tigers, where he again earned a trip to the postseason. Madlock became a free agent at the end of the 1987 season and played for the Lotte Orions in Japan in 1988. Madlock is the only major league baseball player to have won four batting titles who is not enshrined in the Hall of Fame. Madlock also had a fiery temper, and was involved in several incidents (including the 1980 episode) that exemplified it: As a player, Madlock was ejected from 18 games. He was also ejected from three games during his two years as a Tiger coach. Over time, Madlock's approach to umpires changed. Umpire Jerry Crawford remarked after his 1980 dispute with Madlock that "[t]here's no question [Madlock has] calmed down. He's changed, which is great, because a guy of his ability doesn't have to do the things to umpires that he was doing." Madlock's agent, Steve Greenberg, son of baseball great Hank Greenberg, added that "[t]he Crawford incident was a benchmark. Now if he disagrees with an umpire, he uses his charm, which can be considerable." In 2000 and 2001 Madlock was a coach with the Detroit Tigers, reuniting with Tigers manager and former Pirates teammate Phil Garner. In 2001, Madlock was invited by Omar Moreno, another former Pirate teammate, to coach in a professional league in Panama City, Panama. In 2003, Madlock was hired to manage the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League; the team went 117–134 during his two seasons. In 2013, he was announced as the manager of the Independent League Tiffin Saints. On Saturday, August 27, 2016, Madlock was inducted into the Decatur Public Schools (Decatur, IL) Athletic Hall of Fame during its inaugural ceremony at Frank M. Lindsay Field at Millikin University during the annual MacArthur-Eisenhower Tate & Lyle Braggin’ Rights Football Game. </doc> <doc id="2339593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339593" title="Common pipistrelle"> Common pipistrelle The common pipistrelle ("Pipistrellus pipistrellus") is a small pipistrelle bat whose very large range extends across most of Europe, North Africa, southwestern Asia, and may extend into Korea. It is one of the most common bat species in the British Isles. In 1999, the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different-frequency echolocation calls. The common pipistrelle uses a call of 45 kHz, while the soprano pipistrelle echolocates at 55 kHz. Since the two species were distinguished, a number of other differences, in appearance, habitat and food, have also been discovered. It was described as a new species in 1774 by German naturalist Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber. Schreber initially placed it in the genus "Vespertilio", calling it "Vespertilio pipistrellus". In 1839, Keyserling and Blasius reclassified the species, naming it "Vesperugo pipistrellus". This classification stood until 1897, when Miller placed the species into the genus "Pipistrellus", where it remains as "Pipistrellus pipistrellus". Its species name "pipistrellus" is derived from the Italian word pipistrello, which means "bat." The soprano pipistrelle, "Pipistrellus pygmaeus", was formerly considered synonymous with the common pipistrelle. In 1999, it was formally split from the common pipistrelle based on differing echolocation signatures and a genetic divergence of 11%. Despite being different species, the common pipistrelle and the soprano pipistrelle are able to hybridize, based on genetic analysis conducted in Poland. The common pipistrelle is a very small species of bat. Its forearm is long. It has a short muzzle. It is long along the head-and-body, with the tail adding . The body mass can range from , with the wingspan ranging from . Its brown fur is variable in tone. It is common in woodland and farmland but is also found in towns, where the females roost in lofts and buildings when rearing young. Males attract females by creating courtship territories approximately in diameter; these territories are maintained from mid-July through the end of October, with particularly intense activity in September. Courtship territories are usually in the vicinity of popular winter roosts for the species. Males will patrol these territories while "singing" to attract the attention of female bats as they travel to winter roosts. Male courtship territories are densely-packed, offering female choice akin to a lek mating system. While copulation occurs in the fall, fertilization does not occur until after its hibernation due to female sperm storage. Females are pregnant in May and June. Pregnant females form large aggregations in roosts, called maternity colonies. Colonies can consist of dozens or hundreds of individuals. Parturition usually occurs in June. The litter size is usually one young, called a pup, though in some populations, twins are regularly produced. Females nurse their pups through July; pups are usually weaned by August. Females reach sexual maturity at one year of age. The common pipistrelle is an edge specialist, preferring to forage along woodland edges and along isolated tree lines. It is insectivorous, preying on flies, caddisflies, lacewings, and mayflies. Mosquitoes, midges, and gnats are particularly favored prey items. The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 45 and 76 kHz, have most energy at 47 kHz and have an average duration of 5.6 ms. It has a Palearctic distribution. It occurs in the British Isles, southern Scandinavia, much of Continental Europe, and parts of Northwest Africa. It is also found in India, China, and Myanmar in Asia. It has been called the most common and abundant species of bat in Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. Notably, however, these judgments were made before it was split into two species in 1999. The common pipistrelle is considered least concern by the IUCN. It meets the criteria for this classification because it has a large geographic range and a presumed large population. As of 2008, the IUCN noted that there was no evidence of a rapid population decline. However, it is a species of conservation concern in the United Kingdom, where the government created a Species Action Plan to restore its population to pre-1979 levels. Its decline in the UK has been attributed to loss of foraging habitat due to agriculture intensification. Dick, A. and Roche, N. 2017 Google Earth and Google Street View reveal differences in "Pipistrellus pipistrellus" and "Pipistrellus pygmaeus" roadside habitat use in Ireland. "Irish Naturalists' Journal" 35(2) 83 - 93 </doc> <doc id="2339612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339612" title="Temple, Glasgow"> Temple, Glasgow Temple is a district of Glasgow, in the north of the city, bounded by Anniesland to the south, Knightswood to the west and Kelvindale to the east. Netherton lies to the North. Temple appears in Joan Blaeu's 1662 Atlas of Scotland and many subsequent maps. Temple, like many of Glasgow's suburbs, was originally a village of its own, situated in the Parish of Kilpatrick, later New Kilpatrick in Dunbartonshire. It was swallowed by Glasgow's expansion in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was annexed by Glasgow in 1912. Mills were the primary employers in the old village, although coal was mined here for a period and transported to the River Clyde via the nearby Forth and Clyde Canal in Netherton. Temple once had a parish church of its own within the Presbytery of Glasgow, staffed by assistant ministers from within New Kilpatrick parish. Temple Parish Church united with Anniesland to form Temple-Anniesland in 1984 and the original buildings are now demolished. Temple retains its Methodist church. Temple has gone under a regeneration programme in the last fifteen years. Many new housing projects have been built, boosting the economic viability of the area. Temple has its own park, Temple Park, a small playground for children and spans a large grassy field. The closest railway station is Anniesland. There is a David Lloyds leisure centre. The Forth and Clyde Canal runs through. It is often used by local people for fishing. For shopping, Temple has several small stores, and also has Morrison's (formerly one of Safeway's "Megastore" pilot stores) close by in Anniesland, and has an Aldi at Temple Park. Temple had its own Primary School (Temple Primary School) built in 1901. The school closed in summer 2007. Temple primary school has now been converted to a private Nursery School, which is called Little Me Nursery School. Nearby Knightswood Primary was upgraded to accommodate the transfer of pupils and staff. Temple/Shafton Youth Project is a long established project that has been in operation since 1987. It works with both young people and adults in the G13 area. In recent years they have raised thousands to take two groups of young people on world wide experiences to Australia in 2009 & 2011. </doc> <doc id="2339617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339617" title="Montgomery Advertiser"> Montgomery Advertiser The Montgomery Advertiser is a daily newspaper and news website located in Montgomery, Alabama. It was founded in 1829. The newspaper began publication in 1829 as "The Planter's Gazette." Its first editor was Moseley Baker. It became the "Montgomery Advertiser" in 1833. In 1903, R.F. Hudson, a young Alabama newspaperman, joined the staff of the "Advertiser" and rose through the ranks of the newspaper. Hudson was central to improving the financial situation of the newspaper, and by 1924 he owned 10% of its stock. Hudson purchased the remaining shares of the company in 1935, and five years later he bought "The Alabama Journal," a competitor founded in Montgomery in 1889. Ownership of the "Advertiser" subsequently passed from Hudson's heirs to Carmage Walls (1963), through Multimedia Corp. (1968) to Gannett Company (1995). Grover C. Hall, Jr. (1915–1971) worked at the paper from age 20 and served 15 years as editor after World War II. He allied with the politician George C. Wallace in 1958. In 1975, the newspaper investigated the shooting of Bernard Whitehurt by police and wrote news stories that questioned the original police reports. To counter claims that newspaper was fabricating stories, publisher Harold E. Martin, took and passed a polygraph. "The Alabama Journal" continued as a local afternoon paper until April 16, 1993, when it published its last issue before merging with the morning "Advertiser". The "Advertiser" is the largest of the 22 daily newspapers published in Alabama. While the "Advertiser" opposed secession in 1861, after the Civil War it aligned itself with the cause of white supremacy. According to a 2018 review by the "Advertiser" itself, from 1883 to the early 1900s the paper covered the region's frequent lynchings ambivalently. While it nominally condemned the mob murders of black people, its coverage assumed that the victims were guilty of crimes, such as a 1919 editorial that held that "as long as there are attempts at rape by black men, red men or yellow men on white women there will be lynchings". Consequently, the paper's proposals on how to address lynchings focused on how the accused could more efficiently be legally executed instead. It also tended to be more concerned about how lynchings might be treated by Northern papers than about the crimes themselves. In an editorial published on the occasion of the 2018 opening of the National Memorial for Peace and Justice, the editorial board recognized the paper's "own shameful place in the history of these dastardly, murderous deeds", acknowledging that the paper's "careless" coverage of lynchings was "wrong". The newspaper won the first of its three Pulitzer Prize awards under the direction of Grover C. Hall (1888–1941), who came to the "Advertiser" in 1910 and served as editor from 1926 until his death. The "Advertiser" waged war on the Ku Klux Klan during the 1920s, and became nationally prominent for its coverage and editorial stance. Hall later argued for release of the black Scottsboro Boys. Nonetheless, by the 1950s, the paper's coverage of the civil rights movement was "indifferent and antagonistic", often criticizing civil rights activists and their goals. In 2004, Wanda Lloyd became the "Advertiser"s first black executive editor. The newspaper has earned numerous state, regional and national awards, including three Pulitzer Prizes: </doc> <doc id="2339618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339618" title="Eschenbach (surname)"> Eschenbach (surname) Eschenbach is German surname. Notable people with the surname include: </doc> <doc id="2339620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339620" title="Aldo Giorgini"> Aldo Giorgini Aldo Giorgini (March 15, 1934 – October 1994) was an Italian artist and a pioneer in computer graphics. He is the father of music producer Mass Giorgini. Giorgini was born in Voghera, in the province of Pavia (northern Italy). He was a high school classmate of fashion designer Valentino, who was also a student of design of Ernestina Salvadeo, Giorgini's maternal aunt. Formally trained by Italian futurist painter-sculptor Ambrogio Casati, Giorgini stayed on with his mentor as an apprentice, and assisted in the restoration of classic works by old masters damaged during the Second World War. Simultaneously attending university coursework outside of his work in the arts, Giorgini earned a doctorate in Mechanical Engineering from Politecnico di Torino before travelling to the United States on a Fulbright Scholarship. There, Giorgini earned a second doctorate, this time a Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from Colorado State University, and accepted a professorial position in the School of Civil Engineering at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. He moved to Lafayette, Indiana, on 22 December 1968. At Purdue University, he won several awards and distinctions as an outstanding teacher of fluid mechanics and engineering mathematics at the graduate and undergraduate levels. He regularly included aesthetics lectures in his engineering courses, saying that "to be technical and scientific does not preclude a concern for the beauty and art of image and form. Architecture and engineering both occupy the same continuum: mathematics can be beautiful, and shapes can be useful." Once established in this new position, Giorgini resumed his artistic work, combining his technical expertise with computers from his engineering training with his background in the visual arts, thereby becoming one of the first computer artists. His pioneering computer art was generated on the Purdue University mainframe computer (CDC) and printed onto large Mylar sheets using Calcomp printers. Giorgini would then hand-ink the works of art to complete the works he called examples of "computer-aided art". A childhood prisoner of war in Eritrea himself during World War II, Giorgini often imbued his works with anti-war themes, frequently combining these with critiques of the use of technology for mass destruction. A number of his works are in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian Institution and the Carnegie-Mellon Art Museum. Aldo Giorgini died in Indianapolis, in October 1994, of brain cancer. </doc> <doc id="2339631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339631" title="Richard Wolin"> Richard Wolin Richard Wolin (born 1952) is an American intellectual historian who writes on 20th Century European philosophy, particularly German philosopher Martin Heidegger and the group of thinkers known collectively as the Frankfurt School. Wolin graduated B.A. at Reed College, and M.A. and Ph.D. at York University, Toronto. He then worked at Reed College and Rice University. Since 2000, he has been Distinguished Professor of History and Political Science at the CUNY Graduate Center. He is the brother of Dr. Maurice Wolin. </doc> <doc id="2339638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339638" title="Godfrey de Saint-Omer"> Godfrey de Saint-Omer Godfrey of Saint-Omer (also known as Gaufred, Godefroi, or Godfrey de St Omer, Saint Omer) was a Flemish knight and one of the founding members of the Knights Templar in 1119. He is said to have come from the family of the Lords of Saint-Omer (in today's northern France), possibly the son of William I, Lord of Saint Omer and Melisende de Piquigny. There are conflicting reports as to Godfrey's relationship to William and Hugh of Fauquembergues. Chronologically Godfrey may have been Hugh's brother but it is also said that he was Hugh's son. On the list of crusaders, a Gauthier de Saint-Omer is listed, which could be a mistake for Gaufred (Gauthier de Saint-Omer was not yet born). Therefore, Godfrey probably came to Jerusalem in 1099 with William I and Hugh. According to legend, Hugues de Payens (the first Grand-Master of the Templars) and Godfrey were so poor that between the two of them they had only one horse, and this gave rise to the famous image on the seal of the Templars, of two men riding a single horse. </doc> <doc id="2339690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339690" title="Pemba South Region"> Pemba South Region Pemba South Region "(Swahili: Kusini Pemba)" is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. Located on Pemba Island, the region's capital is Mkoani. The region is administratively divided into two districts: </doc> <doc id="2339691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339691" title="Greater horseshoe bat"> Greater horseshoe bat The greater horseshoe bat ("Rhinolophus ferrumequinum") is a bat of the genus "Rhinolophus". Its distribution covers Europe, Northern Africa, Central Asia and Eastern Asia. It is the largest of the horseshoe bats in Europe and is thus easily distinguished from other species. The species is sedentary, typically travelling up to between the winter and summer roosts, with the longest recorded movement being . The species is notable as having the oldest recorded age for any European bat, with a bat living for over 30 years. The frequencies used by this bat species for echolocation lie between 69–83 kHz, have most energy at 81 kHz and have an average duration of 37.4 ms. The greater horseshoe bat is the largest horseshoe bat in Europe. It has a distinctive noseleaf, which has a pointed upper part and a horseshoe shaped lower part. Its horseshoe noseleaf helps to focus the ultrasound it uses to 'see'. The greater horseshoe bat also has tooth and bone structures that are distinct from that of other rhinolophids. Its first premolar on the upper jaw protrudes from the row of teeth. For other horseshoe bats, this premolar is very small or non-existent. Also in comparison to its relatives, the greater horseshoe bat has relatively short third and fourth metacarpal bones in its wings. It also lacks a tragus. The Greater Horseshoe Bat is, on average, between long, with a and a . The fur of the species is soft and fluffy, with the base of hairs being light grey, the dorsal side hair grey brown and the ventral side grey-white, with juvenile bats having more of an ash-grey tint to their fur. Wing membranes and ears are light grey-brown. It weighs up to . The greater horseshoe bat ranges from North Africa and southern Europe through south-west Asia, the Caucasus, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan and the Himalayas to south-eastern China, Korea, and Japan. Generally the bats live below 800 m asl (above sea level), but it also lives, depending on roost availability and humidity, 3,000 m asl in the Caucasus. Pastures, deciduous temperate woodland, Mediterranean and sub-mediterranean shrubland and woodlands are common foraging habitats for this species. In northern parts of its range, the horseshoe uses warm underground sites, both natural and artificial, as summer roosts as well as attics. Where the species occupies buildings, proximity to good foraging areas and underground sites for torpor at various times of year and for winter hibernation as well as the building's own features are important. Horseshoe bats hibernate in cold underground sites, like large caves, during the winter. The bats require a certain temperature and humidity limit, but this can vary with age, sex and condition. Horseshoe bats are active throughout the year in the southern parts of their range. Horseshoe bats commonly travel distances of 20–30 km between winter and summer roosts, with longest distance recorded being 180 km. Horseshoe bats also live in montane forests among the mountains and valleys of the Himalaya in South Asia and roosts in caves, old temples, old and ruined buildings in tight clusters. The species feeds preferentially on lepidopterans (moths), making up around 41% of the diet - in particular the noctuid species. For example, the species preys on the lesser wax moth by identifying the moth's high frequency mating call. Coleopterans (beetles) constitute around 33% of the diet, of which dung beetles and cockchafers are often taken. "Aphodius rufipes" is one such dung beetle forming an especially important part of its diet. (Cow pats are part of its life cycle, acting as a food source and habitat for the larvae. Up to 100 larvae can be found in a single cow pat. The beetle is most abundant in August when the young bats begin their first feeding flights.) The remainder of the diet consists of species of Hymenoptera and Diptera. The feeding area from the maternity roost is typically of radius 4 km, as neither the lactating females or young can travel far. In late August and September the bats feed on cranefly, to fatten up before hibernation. Breeding females depend on beetles from April until June, and moths from June to August. The greater horseshoe bat leaves its roost at dusk. Its flying is made up of slow, fluttering travel with short glides, normally between 0.3 and 6 metres above the ground. Little hunting is done during wet and windy weather. It hunts in terrain with poor tree cover such as hillsides and cliff faces, and in gardens where it locates insects from a resting place and then intercepts them. The species has the ability to pick food up off the ground while still in flight, and indeed drinks during low-level flight or while hovering. The feeding range of colonies in England is between 8 and 16 kilometres. Female bats become sexually mature at the age of three years while males are sexually mature at two years. Some females may not breed until their fifth year. Most matings take place in the fall, however some occur in the spring. The reproductive behaviour of this species has been studied in detail. During the mating period, females visit males that are roosting in small caves. The mating system is best described as polygynous, with multiple females visiting males. However, genetic evidence has shown that some female greater horseshoe bats will visit and mate with the same male partner over successive years, indicating monogamy or mate fidelity. Curiously, related females have also been found to share sexual partners, which might serve to increase relatedness and social cohesiveness in the colony. Males vary in their reproductive success but do not tend to show reproductive skew within a year. However, over several years, skew becomes strong due to the repeated success of particular males. After mating, seminal fluid coagulates in the female’s vulva to form a plug, which probably functions either to prevent subsequent matings by other males, or to increase the chances that the sperm are retained for successful fertilzation. There is some evidence that females can eject these plugs, suggesting that they may be able to exert some control over fertilizations which take place. Females raise their young in communal maternity roosts, and show strong fidelity to the sites where they themselves were born (so-called natal philopatry). Each season, a female produces one offspring. Most young are born in June or July. When they are seven days old, young can open their eyes and at their third or fourth week they can fly. Young can leave the roost their seventh or eighth week. In general the greater horseshoe bat is listed as Least Concern by the IUCN because: "This species has a large range. Although there have been marked and well-documented declines in some areas, the species remains widespread, abundant, and apparently stable in other areas. Assessed as Least Concern". However, the overall greater horseshoe bat population is declining. They are largely uncommon in much of their range. Despite this, they appear to be abundant and widespread in at least parts of south-west Asia and the Caucasus. Also in some northwest European countries, there appears to be some stabilisation and/or recovery. Less is known about bat trends in other parts of Europe. It is extinct in Malta. Fragmentation/isolation of habitats, change of management regime of deciduous forests and agricultural areas, loss of insects caused by pesticides, and disturbance and loss of underground habitats and attics are the major threats to the greater horseshoe bat. Deforestation, mostly caused by logging operations and the conversion of land for agricultural and other uses, threatens the species in South Asia. The species is rare in Britain, confined to just a small number of sites. Its distribution can be found on the National Biodivesity website here. Its breeding sites include Brockley Hall Stables near Bristol, Iford Manor near Bath, and Littledean Hall in the Forest of Dean. Its winter hibernation sites include Banwell Caves and Compton Martin Ochre Mine in the Mendip Hills, Chilmark Quarries in Wiltshire, and Combe Down and Bathampton Down Mines near Bath. In Dorset, the species roosts at Bryanston, Creech Grange and in Belle Vue Quarry. The species also occurs at Berry Head in Devon and has a monitored roost site at Woodchester Mansion in Stroud. It occurs in Wales, including at Felin Llwyngwair, a SSSI. The species has disappeared from over half of its former range within the United Kingdom, with about 1% of the population surviving. Like all horseshoe bats it is sensitive to disturbance, and is threatened by the use of insecticides and the elimination of beetles by the changing agricultural practices. There are seventeen recorded species of bat in Britain as of recent survey results. The greater horseshoe bat is one of the rarest. There are currently 35 recognised maternity and all-year roosts and 369 hibernation sites. Current estimates range between 4000 and 6600 individuals. Greater Horseshoes have declined for numerous reasons ranging from the use of agrichemicals (Ivermectin in particular) to loss of habitat and redundancy of farming methods. Avermectin kills off insect larvae and thus a decrease in the abundance of food for the Horseshoes, causing them to travel farther and face increased dangers. Habitat loss is primarily due to the lack of established hedgerows and deciduous woodland-pasture ecotones. Modern farming methods have seen the reduction of cattle-grazing and this has impacted the Horseshoes who previously found that dung attracted insects and sustained entomogenous populations, giving their prey a stable population. </doc> <doc id="2339693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339693" title="Pemba North Region"> Pemba North Region Pemba North Region "(Swahili: Kaskazini Pemba)" is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. Located on Pemba Island, the region's capital is Wete. The region includes islands adjacent to the northern part of Pemba, such as Njao Island and Fundu Island. The region is administratively divided into two districts: </doc> <doc id="2339701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339701" title="Vashishti River"> Vashishti River River Vashishti is one of the larger rivers in the Konkan coast of Maharashtra, India. The river begins in the Western Ghats and snakes its way westwards towards the Arabian Sea. Kolkewadi Dam near Alore has a vast reservoir, which feeds a tributary of the river. The town of Chiplun lies on its banks. During the 2005 Maharashtra floods, the river swelled its banks, causing many of the city's residents to evacuate it. The river has many riverine islands. Mugger crocodiles are known to inhabit the waters. </doc> <doc id="2339707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339707" title="Manyara Region"> Manyara Region Manyara Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions. The regional capital is the town of Babati. According to the 2012 national census, the region had a population of 1,425,131, which was lower than the pre-census projection of 1,497,555. For 2002-2012, the region's 3.2 percent average annual population growth rate was tied for the third highest in the country. It was also the 22nd most densely populated region with 32 people per square kilometre. Lake Manyara is in the northern part of the region. It is bordered to the north by the Arusha Region, to the northeast by the Kilimanjaro Region, to the east by the Tanga Region, to the south by the Dodoma Region, to the southeast by the Morogoro Region, to the southwest by the Singida Region, and to the northwest by the Simiyu Region. The highest mountain in the Manyara Region is Mount Hanang. Manyara Region is inhabited by various ethnolinguistic groups and communities. The latter include the Assa people, Gorowa, Kw'adza, Mbugwe, Datooga, Maasai and Barabaig and Iraqw<> people [Irakw]which is the largest ethinic group in the region. The regional commissioner of the Manyara Region is Elaston J. Mbwilo. Residents of the Manyara Region are mostly farmers. The region's economy is based on the mining of Tanzanite gems on the Mererani Hills in north on the border with the Arusha Region. Other sources of income are from tourism to the Tarangire National Park, which is entirely located in the region, and Lake Manyara National Park. One paved road passes through the western part of Manyara Region. Paved trunk road T14 from Singida connects with trunk road T5 in Babati town. Trunk road T5 from Dodoma to Arusha passes through the region; it is paved from Arusha up to Dodoma. The region is administratively divided into six districts: </doc> <doc id="2339712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339712" title="Mara Region"> Mara Region Mara Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions. The regional capital is the municipality of Musoma. According to the 2012 national census, the region had a population of 1,743,830, which was lower than the pre-census projection of 1,963,460. For 2002-2012, the region's 2.5 percent average annual population growth rate was the thirteenth highest in the country. It was also the twelfth most densely populated region with 80 people per square kilometer. The neighboring regions are Mwanza Region and Simiyu Region (to the south), Arusha Region (to the southeast), and Kagera Region (across Lake Victoria). To the northeast, the Mara Region borders Narok County and Migori County in Kenya. The Mara Region is the home of Tanzania's first president, Julius Nyerere. The Mara Region was also the birthplace of Benga music. The Mara Region is the ancestral homeland to the following peoples: Under occupying British rule, the Mara region was a district called the Lake Province, which became the Lake Region after independence in 1961. The Mara Region is home to the Serengeti National Park, one of the world's most famous national parks. Listed as a World Heritage Site, the national park occupies a large area of grasslands and woodlands and is home to a diverse range of wildlife. It attracts close to 150,000 tourists every year. The sanctuary is home to more than a million wildebeest, 200,000 zebras, and 300,000 Thomson's gazelles. Apart from conventional tourism in the park, there is also a range of ecotourism opportunities available in the Mara Region. Academics: Athletes: The region is administratively divided into seven districts: For parliamentary elections, Tanzania is divided into constituencies. As of the 2010 elections the Mara Region had seven constituencies: </doc> <doc id="2339717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339717" title="Pwani Region"> Pwani Region Pwani Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions. The regional capital is the town of Kibaha. According to the 2012 national census, the region had a population of 1,098,668, which was slightly lower than the pre-census projection of 1,110,917. From 2002 to 2012, the region's 2.2 percent average annual population growth rate was the seventeenth-highest in the country. It was also the 21st most densely populated region with 34 people per square kilometer. With a size of , the region is slightly larger than the U.S. state of Maryland (). The region is bordered to the north by the Tanga Region, to the east by the Dar es Salaam Region and the Indian Ocean, to the south by the Lindi Region, and to the west by the Morogoro Region. The word "pwani" in Kiswahili means "coast". The region is administratively divided into six districts: Secondary (high) schools operated by the ministry of education in Pwani region include: </doc> <doc id="2339722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339722" title="The Merry Widow (ballet)"> The Merry Widow (ballet) The Merry Widow ballet is an adaptation of Franz Lehár's romantic operetta "The Merry Widow" ("Die lustige Witwe"). John Lanchbery and Alan Abbott adapted the score of the operetta for ballet and retained the style of Lehár's orchestration. The arrangement includes the well-known tunes of the operetta - Vilja's song "Ich bin eine anständige Frau" and the "Weibermarsch". This musical arrangement has been used for two ballets: the first was choreographed by Ronald Hynd for The Australian Ballet in 1975, while the second was choreographed by Veronica Paeper for CAPAB (since renamed the Cape Town City Ballet Company) in 1988. The ballet was created for The Australian Ballet by Sir Robert Helpmann (a principal dancer and choreographer), who obtained permission from the heirs of the composer and the librettists (Viktor Léon and Leo Stein), by special arrangement with Glocken Verlag Ltd. of London. The scenario and staging were designed by Helpmann, with the choreography by Ronald Hynd. The orchestration was by John Lanchbery (who was then the musical director of The Australian Ballet) and his colleague Alan Abbott. The designer was Desmond Heeley. The ballet had its world premiere on 13 November 1975 at the Palais Theatre in Melbourne, with Marilyn Rowe (Hanna), John Meehan (Danilo), Lucette Aldous (Valencienne), Kelvin Coe (Camille), Colin Peasley (Baron Mirko Zeta) and Ray Powell (Njegus). The performance was conducted by John Lanchbery. It premiered in Sydney at the Regent Theatre. In 1976, Dame Margot Fonteyn performed the rôle of Hanna as a guest dancer at The Australian Ballet and continued with the rôle, alternating with Marilyn Jones when the company took their production to England. Like the operetta, the ballet has also become very popular and has been adopted into the repertoires of many companies, including the National Ballet of Canada, the Royal Danish Ballet, the American Ballet Theatre, the Houston Ballet, the Vienna State Ballet, and Pacific Northwest Ballet. Veronica Paeper choreographed a new version of this ballet to the orchestration of John Lanchbery. The ballet had its premiere on 10 September 1988 at the Artscape Theatre Centre, formerly known as the Nico Malan Opera House, in Cape Town, South Africa. The Cape Town City Ballet revived this version in 2008; the principal rôles were danced by guest artists Elza Leimane and Raimond Martinov. Pacific Northwest performed Ronald Hynd's Merry Widow as well A ball is to be held that evening at the Pontevedrian Embassy to celebrate the birthday of the Grand Duke, the sovereign of the Grand Duchy of Pontevedro, and Kromow and Pritschitsch are keen to leave their desk work and join the festivities. Camille is also anxious to leave work. However, before they can leave, Njegus arrives and instructs the three men to return to the desk to take care of some extra papers he is carrying. Discovering that Danilo is missing, Njegus enquires where he is, and Kromow and Pritschitsch comment that Danilo is out drinking. Njegus sits at Danilo's post at the desk, and together the four men go through the paperwork, following which Njegus informs them that Pontevedro is bankrupt. Baron Zeta arrives, carrying a telegram and mentioning that a rich Pontevedrian widow, Hanna Glawari, is to attend the embassy ball. The Baron wants Count Danilo to marry the widow so that her money will stay in Pontevedro. Valencienne comes into the room and then everyone drinks to the health of the Duke. The men then leave — except for Camille, who has some extra paperwork to do. Valencienne, who has deliberately lagged behind the others in their departure, flirts with Camille, trying to distract him from his work. Camille tries to keep on working, but eventually gives up and goes to Valencienne — and then Valencienne half-heartedly keeps showing Camille her wedding ring. While the couple are flirting, Njegus, who has some further work to do, comes back into the room unnoticed, and without noticing the lovers. Suddenly becoming aware of the presence of Camille and Valencienne, Njegus hides in a cupboard underneath the desk. The couple end up on the desk with Camille kissing Valencienne and the two hugging each other, at which point Njegus suddenly confronts them, much to their surprise and embarrassment. Camille leaves immediately. Valencienne pleads with Njegus to keep what he has seen a secret — to which Njegus agrees — and then Valencienne also leaves. While Njegus is finishing his tasks, Danilo enters the room, having just arrived from Maxim's. Danilo is drunk and is finding it difficult to stand without falling over. Baron Zeta and Valencienne then enter the room — and the Baron, seeing that Danilo has returned to the embassy, attempts, unavailingly, to tell Danilo that he is to marry a wealthy widow. Finally giving up, the Baron asks Njegus to sober Danilo up before the ball. The ball begins and Baron Zeta dances with his beautiful wife. However, he has trouble with rheumatism and he asks Camille to dance with Valencienne in his place. Camille does so with enthusiasm, and Njegus, who is watching the pair closely, is unimpressed by the open display of Camille's and Valencienne's affection for each other. The Baron does not seem to notice anything amiss, but he does get upset at the amount of time the two of them dance together, and he makes an effort to remind Camille that Valencienne is married to him. The widow, Hanna Galwari, arrives, amidst a stir from the hopeful young bachelors. Baron Zeta introduces Hanna to Danilo, not knowing that Hanna and Danilo had previously been romantically involved with each other. Both Hanna and Danilo are stunned to see each other. Danilo is thrilled, and tells Hanna that he loves her, but Hanna accuses him of only wanting her for her money. Upset about this, Danilo mops the sweat from his forehead with a kerchief, which Hanna instantly recognises as a keepsake she had given to Danilo the last time they had seen each other (when Danilo's aristocractic uncle had forbidden their romance and had forbidden Danilo to marry Hanna, because Hanna was a poor peasant girl). Hanna takes back the kerchief from Danilo and then leaves the room. Danilo remembers Hanna the way she used to be — as a young peasant girl — and he remembers, with fondness, the way she had given him the kerchief. When Danilo returns to the ballroom, it is time for the 'ladies choice' dance. Hanna chooses Danilo to dance with, and curtsies to him, expectantly, but, still upset with what Hanna had said to him, Danilo snubs her and dances with somebody else. Feeling hurt because of Danilo's actions, Hanna dances with Camille — an action which upsets Valencienne. Valencienne and Danilo then dance together, and they effect a change of partners. Before Hanna can react, Valencienne and Camille go off together. Eventually, though, Hanna dances with Danilo. The following night, Hanna gives a party in the garden of her Parisian villa, and she and all her guests wear Pontevedrian clothes, so that they can celebrate the birthday of the Grand Duke in Pontevedrian fashion. There are many Pontevedrian folk dances, including one in which Danilo and Hanna dance together — at the end of which Hanna mops her forehead with her kerchief. Later, Hanna returns the kerchief to Danilo in exactly the same way as she had given him the kerchief before they had been parted by Danilo's aristocratic uncle's command, following which both leave the garden. Entering the garden together, Camille and Valencienne are no longer concealing their passion for each other. Camille and Valencienne then slip away as Camille entices Valencienne to enter the pavilion in the garden with him. Njegus, arriving for a meeting in the pavilion with the Baron and Danilo, sees what happens and goes to the pavilion door to peep though the keyhole. Baron Zeta and Danilo arrive, and, seeing Njegus at the door, they go to join him, as they think that Njegus is opening the door. Njegus quickly locks the door, and, when Baron Zeta and Danilo find the door is locked, they demand he unlock the door for them. Njegus refuses to do so. As the Baron and Danilo discuss what to do with Njegus, he breaks away from them and looks around desperately for help. Seeing Hanna, who has just arrived in the area, Njegus explains the situation to her and asks her to change places with Valencienne in the pavilion. Hanna agrees to do so. Baron Zeta and Danilo catch up with Njegus, and demand that he hand them the key. Shaking his head in refusal, Njegus puts the key in his mouth. Baron Zeta and Danilo pick up Njegus and hold him upside down and shake him until the key drops onto the ground. Baron Zeta picks up the key and he and Danilo then go to the door of the pavilion. Meanwhile, Hanna changes places with Valencienne through a door on the other side of the pavilion. Hanna explains to Valencienne why she is there, and Njegus arranges for Valencienne to join the returning group of their friends, so that she will appear innocent. The Baron opens the door and Camille leaves the pavilion, followed by Hanna. Danilo is stunned to see that Hanna is the woman with Camille, and Hanna comments that she and Camille are engaged. Camille looks startled at this unexpected announcement and Valencienne faints with shock at her lover committing himself to another woman. Baron Zeta is horrified at the thought of Pontevedro losing all Hanna's money to a foreigner and also faints. Danilo is furious. Hanna explains to Camille why she pretended that they were engaged, and Camille, looking relieved, smiles. Baron Zeta, Valencienne and Njegus then leave in a huff. All the guests congratulate Hanna and Camille on their 'engagement' and then leave — followed by the swift departure of Camille. Finally, the jealous Danilo throws down the kerchief and storms off in a rage. The delighted Hanna then picks up the kerchief knowing that Danilo truly loves her. The maître d' is welcoming his patrons as they arrive, and the waiter rushes around serving drinks. Camille arrives. Shortly after, Baron Zeta, Valencienne and Njegus arrive, and they openly show their contempt for Camille. With the fear that Pontevedro would become bankrupt as a result of Hanna's marriage to a non-Pontevedrian, Njegus lowers the Pontevedrian flag. Soon after, Danilo arrives and is aggressively approached by Camille. The two men fight, in the middle of which they are both restrained. Then Hanna arrives and, when she accepts the arm of Camille, Danilo wants to hit Camille with his gloves and challenge Camille to a duel. Baron Zeta's eyes are finally opened to what is happening between Camille and Valencienne, when Valencienne shields Camille from the angry Danilo. Hanna dances with Camille, while Danilo dances with Valencienne. Gradually, however, the dance brings Hanna and Danilo together — and Camille and Valencienne likewise end up together. Resignedly, the upset Baron accepts the romance between his wife and Camille, and the three leave together. Hanna is left alone in the room, feeling dejected. Then Danilo quietly returns and folds Hanna in his arms, and all ends in blissful happiness. Njegus, who has also quietly returned to the room, is delighted at the outcome and raises the Pontevedian flag in celebration. The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC-TV) recorded a live performance by the Australian Ballet, at Melbourne's State Theatre, on 25 June 1993, with Lisa Pavane (as Hanna Galwari), Steven Heathcote (Count Danilo Danilovitsch), Rebecca Yates (Valencienne), David McAllister (Camille de Rosillon), Colin Peasley (Baron Mirko Zeta), and Ray Powell (Njegus). The ABC broadcast the recording on 27 March 1997, and released it as a video and DVD. "The Merry Widow" Ballet music was released commercially in 1999 by ABC Classics (ABC 465 426-2), with John Lanchbery conducting the State Orchestra of Victoria. The album was awarded a gold record. Act I (Scene 1) — "An anteroom in the Pontevedrian Embassy" Act I (Scene 2) — "The Ballroom of the Pontevedrian Embassy" Act II — "The garden of Hanna's villa, the next evening" Act III — "Maxim's restaurant, several days later" </doc> <doc id="2339723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339723" title="Rukwa Region"> Rukwa Region Rukwa Region is one of Tanzania's 31 administrative regions with a postcode number 55000 . The regional capital is the municipality of Sumbawanga. According to the 2012 national census, the region had a population of 1,004,539. For 2002-2012, the region's 3.2 percent average annual population growth rate was tied for the third highest in the country. It was also the twentieth most densely populated region with 44 people per square kilometer. The region is bordered to the north by the Katavi Region, to the east by the Mbeya Region, to the south by Zambia, and to the west by Lake Tanganyika, which forms a border between Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The region's name comes from Lake Rukwa, which harbours the largest population of crocodiles in the nation. It is the region of the Fipa people, who maintain themselves by subsistence agriculture and livestock keeping. The Rukwa Region was established in 1975 by President Julius Nyerere by taking Mpanda District from Tabora and the former unified Sumbawanga District from the Mbeya Region. Nkasi District was established in 1984. In 2012, the region was reorganized with the Mpanda District going to the new Katavi Region. The region is administratively divided into four districts: While there are extensive mineral resources in the Rukwa Region, there are no active large mines. Gem stones, including emerald, moonstone, aquamarine, amethyst, ruby, and topaz, have been recovered from a number of locations. There are coal seams in the Muze, Namwele, and Mkomolo areas, and some mining has occurred there. </doc> <doc id="2339724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339724" title="Robert S. P. Beekes"> Robert S. P. Beekes Robert Stephen Paul Beekes (; 2 September 1937 – 21 September 2017) was Emeritus Professor of Comparative Indo-European Linguistics at Leiden University and the author of many monographs on the Proto-Indo-European language. One of his most well-known books is "Comparative Indo-European Linguistics: An Introduction", a standard handbook on Proto-Indo-European that treats the area of linguistic reconstruction thoroughly but also features cultural reconstruction and comparative linguistic methods in general. Beekes was also a co-author, with L. Bouke van der Meer, of "De Etrusken spreken" (1991). He advocated the Asia Minor theory to explain the Etruscans' origin. In 1993, he was elected member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. He also did work on Pre-Greek, the (non-Indo-European) language that was spoken in Greece before Greek, possibly around 2000 BC. Since this language was not written, Beekes got his information from some words in Classical Greek that clearly show a non-Greek structure and development. </doc> <doc id="2339725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339725" title="Gregg Henry"> Gregg Henry Gregg Lee Henry (born May 6, 1952) is an American character actor and rock, blues and country musician. He is best known for his performance as serial killer Dennis Rader in the made-for-television film "The Hunt for the BTK Killer", and for playing various "heavies" in various films, such as in "Payback" (1999) and Brian De Palma's "Body Double" (1984). The latter of whom Henry has collaborated with frequently over the years, acting in six of De Palma's films to date. Henry was born in Lakewood, Colorado. Henry has been featured in over 75 television programs, including "The Riches", "Firefly", "Gilmore Girls", "24", "Airwolf", "", "Murder, She Wrote", "Matlock", "L.A. Law", "Falcon Crest", "Moonlighting", "Magnum, P.I.", "Rich Man, Poor Man Book II", "The Mentalist", "Castle", "Glee", "Burn Notice" and "Breakout Kings". He played Hugh Pannetta alongside Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver on the FX television series "The Riches". He played the role of Dobbs in the USA Network series "White Collar" and Hollis Doyle on the ABC series "Scandal". Starting June 10, 2013, he played Detective Carl Reddick in "The Killing". In 2014, he had a small role in the Marvel film "Guardians of the Galaxy" as Peter Quill's grandfather. Lately he appeared in recurring roles in "Hell on Wheels" and "The Following". He also portrayed the title role in Shakespeare’s ‘’Julius Caesar’’, which was disrupted by alt-right protesters due to the resemblances of President Donald Trump. Henry is married to the American theatre director Lisa James; the couple lives in Los Angeles. </doc> <doc id="2339729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339729" title="Kursa"> Kursa Kursa may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339730" title="Wete"> Wete Wete is a town located on the Tanzanian island of Pemba. It is the capital of Pemba North Region, as well as the administrative seat for Wete District. It lies on the west side of the north part of the island. The town has a 2013 estimated population of 29,606. To the southwest of Wete Harbour, about a kilometre away, is the small island of Matambwe, site of Shirazi ruins of a medieval town. The harbor at Wete was a major port-of-entry for Pemba; however, in recent years it has been mostly superseded by Mkoani. Wete has a tropical climate, milder than Tanzania's mainland and milder than in Unguja island. This climate is classified as "Am" by the Köppen-Geiger system. The average temperature in Wete is 25.5 °C (78 °F). The average annual rainfall is 1,714 mm. The monthly average temperatures are usually between 23.6 - 27.2 °C (74 °F - 81 °F). There are two rain seasons, with most rainfall coming between March and June and smaller rain season coming between November and December. Drier months are January - February, and a longer drier season between July to October. The town is home to football clubs Jamhuri and Mwenge. </doc> <doc id="2339738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339738" title="Isolation (Joy Division song)"> Isolation (Joy Division song) "Isolation" is a 1980 song appearing on the post-punk band Joy Division's second and final album, "Closer". The song is based upon an electronic drum beat by Stephen Morris, accompanied by a high-pitched keyboard line by Bernard Sumner. Midway through the song, a rushing drum and hi-hat motif come in, propelling the song toward its dramatic end. Joy Division Bassist Peter Hook said the ending came as the serendipitous result of Martin Hannett's efforts to rescue the original master tape from a botched edit by a junior sound engineer. The song has been covered many times including by: </doc> <doc id="2339741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339741" title="Ghosts Can't Do It"> Ghosts Can't Do It Ghosts Can't Do It is a 1989 American romantic crime fantasy comedy film written and directed by John Derek, and starring Bo Derek and Anthony Quinn. The film was shot in 1989 and released on home video the same year in Australia. In the United States, the film received a theatrical release in 1990. It was poorly reviewed by critics, and won the 1990 Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture, tying with "The Adventures of Ford Fairlane". In a cameo, it features future American President Donald Trump. Scott and Kate are happily married, despite their 30-year age difference. After Scott suffers a heart attack and is unable to make love, he commits suicide and becomes a ghost that only Kate can see and speak with. To make it possible for Scott to return as a human, they conjure up a plan to have a young man drown, so that Scott can take his body. The reception was extremely negative. </doc> <doc id="2339742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339742" title="Mkoani"> Mkoani Mkoani is a town located on the Tanzanian island of Pemba. It is the capital of Pemba South region, as well as Mkoani District. Mkoani now has the busiest harbour on Pemba island, most ferries from Zanzibar or the mainland arrive at Mkoani. The Abdulla Mzee hospital is in Mkoani. Mkoani has a tropical climate, milder than Tanzania's mainland and milder than in Unguja island. This climate is classified as "Am" by the Köppen-Geiger system. The average temperature in Mkoani is 26°C (79 °F). The average annual rainfall is 1,924 mm. The monthly average temperatures are usually between 24 - 28°C (75°F - 82°F). There are two rain seasons, with most rainfall coming between March and June and smaller rain season coming between November and December. Drier months are January - February, and a longer drier season between July to October. </doc> <doc id="2339743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339743" title="ESSP"> ESSP ESSP may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339744" title="Slither"> Slither Slither may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339749" title="Gomora"> Gomora Gomora may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2339766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339766" title="Unguja North Region"> Unguja North Region Unguja North Region is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. Located on the island of Zanzibar, Mkokotoni serves as the region's capital. Zanzibar North is divided into two districts, Kaskazini A and Kaskazini B. The region is administratively divided into two districts: , Kaskazini A had a population of 84,348. , it was divided into twenty-eight wards: , Kaskazini B had a population of 84,348. , it was divided into twenty-three wards: election Zanzibar North Region had eight constituencies: </doc> <doc id="2339768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339768" title="Jason Walters"> Jason Walters Jason Walters or Jamal (born 6 March 1985) is a Dutch citizen who was sentenced to fifteen years in prison on Islamic terrorism charges. Jason Walters was born on 6 March 1985 to an American soldier based in the Netherlands and a Dutch woman. His neighbors stated that he was pro-American when he was adolescent. Walters converted to Islam at 16 (some sources say 13) and later adopted the name Abu Mujahied Amrik. His mother, recently divorced, and with two younger daughters at home, felt increasingly unsafe finally fleeing to a woman's shelter. His talk about jihad against the non-believers caused his mosque to ban him and his brother, Jermaine Walters, and notify the authorities. Walters has made at least one visit to Pakistan and possibly to Afghanistan where it is alleged he has received training at a terrorist training camp, and in 2003, Walters wrote a farewell letter to his mother. Walters, at the time 19, was arrested along with Ismail Akhnikh on November 10, 2004, after a massive 14-hour siege in The Hague. This was one of a series of raids on suspected Muslim terrorist cells following the 2 November 2004 assassination of filmmaker Theo van Gogh by fellow Hofstad Network member Mohammed Bouyeri. Near the end of this siege, Walters threw a hand grenade at police. According to police, Walters had his own plans to assassinate Dutch political figures he deemed anti-Muslim, and his hit list included two members of parliament, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a native of Somalia, and Geert Wilders. Both, like van Gogh, had been outspoken critics of Islam in the Netherlands, particularly its treatment of women. On 10 March 2006, Walters was convicted with eight others in the Netherlands on charges of terrorism. He was sentenced to fifteen years imprisonment. He was released from prison in May 2013. In a first interview in 2018, he said to have deradicalized in prison through self study, citing the works of Nietzsche, Plato and Heidegger as crucial. He also said that radicalization is an existential choice. </doc> <doc id="2339769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339769" title="Huis Doorn"> Huis Doorn Huis Doorn (; ) is a manor house and national museum in the town of Doorn in the Netherlands. The museum shows the early 20th century interior from the time when former German Emperor Wilhelm II lived in the house (1919–1941). Huis Doorn was first built in the 9th century. It was rebuilt in the 14th century, after it was destroyed. It was again rebuilt in the 19th century to its present-day form. The gardens were also created in the 19th century. After World War I, Wilhelm II bought the house, where he lived in exile from 1920 until his death in 1941. He is buried in a mausoleum in the gardens. After the German occupation in World War II, the house was seized by the Dutch government as hostile property. Huis Doorn is now a national museum and a national heritage site. The interior of the house has not been changed since Wilhelm II died. Every year in June, German monarchists come to Doorn to pay their respects to the emperor. In 2012, the museum had 25,000 visitors. The first house was built in the 9th century, but it was destroyed and rebuilt in the 14th century. It was again rebuilt in the late 18th century in a conservative manner and, in the mid-19th century, a surrounding park was laid out as an English landscape garden. Baroness Ella van Heemstra (1900–1984), the mother of actress Audrey Hepburn, spent much of her childhood living in the house. The property was purchased in 1919 by Wilhelm II, the last German Emperor, as his residence-in-exile (1920–1941), following his abdication after World War I. During his years in exile, he was allowed to travel freely within a 15-mile radius of his house, but journeys farther than that meant that advance notice had to be given to a local government official. As he disliked having to kowtow to a minor official, he rarely journeyed beyond the "free" limit. The former Emperor regularly exercised by chopping down many of the estate's trees, splitting the logs into stacks of firewood, thereby denuding the matured landscape as the years progressed. Hence he was called by his enemies "The Woodchopper of Doorn". Wilhelm's asylum in the Netherlands was based on family ties with Queen Wilhelmina, whom, some claim, he embarrassed by his political statements. In fact, Wilhelm rarely spoke publicly, while in exile, although a recorded interview of 1931 does exist, spoken in English. It reveals anti-Semitic views he possessed. His first wife, Augusta nicknamed Dona, died at Huis Doorn 11 April 1921 and her body was taken back to Potsdam in Germany, where she was buried in the Antique Temple. Wilhelm could only accompany her on her last journey as far as the German border. In January 1922, Wilhelm invited the widowed princess Hermine of Greiz and her young son to Huis Doorn. He took a liking to Hermine's company, they had much in common and got married on November 5th, 1922. Hermine lived in Huis Doorn with Wilhelm in his exile until his death in 1941. She then returned to Germany and after her death, she was also interred in the Antique Temple in Potsdam due to being Wilhelm's second wife. Hermine stood for the property management of Huis Doorn, and in 1927 she wrote her biografic book "An Empress in Exile: My Days in Doorn". In 1938, Wilhelm's grandson, Prince Louis Ferdinand, was married to Grand Duchess Kira of Russia, in Huis Doorn. Despite the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands in 1940, Wilhelm and his household went undisturbed by the Wehrmacht. Five of Wilhelm's beloved dachshunds are buried in the park. A marker is dedicated to the memory of his dog, ""Senta"", who was a favorite of Wilhelm and died in 1927 at the age of 20. Wilhelm II died of a pulmonary embolism at Huis Doorn, on 4 June 1941, with German occupation soldiers on guard at the gates of his estate. He was buried in a small mausoleum in the gardens, to await his return to Germany upon the restoration of the Prussian monarchy, according to the terms of his will. His wish that no swastikas be displayed at his funeral was not heeded. The Dutch government seized the manor house and its household effects in 1945 and, since then, many new trees have been re-planted and the wooded parkland is returning to its earlier glory. Huis Doorn opened its doors as a historic house museum in 1956. It was just as Wilhelm left it, with marquetry commodes, tapestries, paintings by German court painters, porcelains and silver. The collection also includes Wilhelm's collections of snuffboxes and watches that belonged to Frederick the Great. In June each year, a devoted band of German monarchists still come to pay their respects and lay wreaths, accompanied by marchers in period uniforms and representatives from modern monarchist organisations, such as "Tradition und Leben" of Cologne. The house became a national heritage site or "rijksmonument" in 1997. In 2012, the museum had 25,000 visitors. </doc> <doc id="2339772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339772" title="Lawrence O'Brien Award"> Lawrence O'Brien Award The Democratic National Committee (DNC) Lawrence O'Brien Award was created in 1992 by the family of Lawrence Francis "Larry" O'Brien Jr. (1917-1990) and Democratic Party leaders to recognize the many years of service he gave to the party and his belief in the contribution of party volunteers. Since then, party leaders presented this award on five occasions to 94 winners from across the United States. The award honors the importance of this contribution to the continuing success and vitality of the party. It's given to individuals and groups who exhibit a high degree of commitment and self-sacrifice on behalf of the party and its candidates. The award was expanded in 1998 to help mark the 150th anniversary of the DNC. Party leaders honored an individual or group from every commonwealth, district, state and territory and six individuals nationally. Through the generosity of the O'Brien family, award winners also received financial grants. A news report which was published in 2000 by "Insight" magazine described a 1998 controversy about e-mail messages which were written between Clinton-Gore Administration staff members and 1996 presidential reelection campaign staffers about political fundraising by Administration staffers. Some of the messages were written in 1996 and solicited the award for a campaign contributor. Award winners are selected from among many nominations received from party leaders, appointed and elected public officials, and other Democrats in the United States. Each winner worked at the local-, state- or national-party levels, including assisting candidates for elected public office. Furthermore, the winners made personal, family or financial sacrifices, or otherwise showed unusual or extraordinary dedication to the furtherance of the goals of the party, without financial remuneration or professional gain. </doc> <doc id="2339774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339774" title="Unguja South Region"> Unguja South Region Unguja South Region is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. Located on the island of Zanzibar, the town of Koani serves as the region's capital. , the population was 94,504. The region is administratively divided into two districts: For parliamentary elections, Tanzania is divided into constituencies. As of the 2010 elections Zanzibar Central/South Region had five constituencies: </doc> <doc id="2339779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339779" title="Mjini Magharibi Region"> Mjini Magharibi Region Mjini Magharibi Region (also known as the Zanzibar Urban West Region) is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. Located on the island of Unguja, Zanzibar City serves as the region's capital. According to the 2012 Tanzania National Census, the population of the Zanzibar Urban/West Region was 593,678. The region is administratively divided into two districts: For parliamentary elections, Tanzania is divided into constituencies. As of the 2010 elections Zanzibar Urban/West Region had nineteen constituencies: </doc> <doc id="2339789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339789" title="Willibald Alexis"> Willibald Alexis Willibald Alexis, the pseudonym of Georg Wilhelm Heinrich Häring (29 June 1798 – 16 December 1871), was a German historical novelist, considered part of the Young Germany movement. Alexis was born in Breslau, Silesia. His father, who came of a French refugee family, named Hareng, held a high position in the war department. He attended the Werdersche Gymnasium in Berlin, and then, serving as a volunteer in the campaign of 1815, took part in the siege of the Ardenne fortresses. On his return, he studied law at the University of Berlin and the University of Breslau and entered the legal profession, but he soon abandoned this career and devoted himself to literature. Settling in Berlin, he edited, from 1827 to 1835, the "Berliner Konversationsblatt", in which for the first two years he was assisted by Friedrich Christoph Forster (1791-1868); and in 1828 was created a doctor of philosophy by the University of Halle. In 1852 he retired to Arnstadt in Thuringia, where after many years of broken health he died. Having made his name first known as a writer by an idyll in hexameters, "Die Treibjagd" (1820), and several short stories, his literary reputation was first established by the historical romance "Walladmor" (1823), which was published as being "freely translated from the English of Sir Walter Scott, with a preface by Willibald Alexis". His novel "Der Werwulf" is set in Brandenburg at the time of the Protestant Reformation. In 1840 his historical novel "Der Roland von Berlin" was published. It was the basis for Ruggero Leoncavallo's opera of the same name. </doc> <doc id="2339791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339791" title="International Ultramarine Corps"> International Ultramarine Corps The International Ultramarine Corps, formerly the Ultramarine Corps, is a fictional team of superheroes published by DC Comics. They first appeared in "DC One Million" #2 (November 1998), and were created by Grant Morrison and Howard Porter. The Corps was created by the U.S. as a government-sponsored group of superhumans to rival the more independent Justice League. Led by General Wade Eiling, the original members of the team were Flow, 4-D, Pulse 8 and Warmaker One. During a fight with the JLA, the UMC realised that Eiling was dangerously insane and that they were on the wrong side; they then sided with the League against their leader. Having developed a mistrust of governments, the Corps subsequently declared themselves independent of any and all nations and built a free-floating city in which to dwell, which they named Superbia and set in the air above the ruins of Montevideo. They put out a call to other disaffected superheroes to join them in their city, and received a number of responses from around the globe, although the total population and demographics of Superbia are unknown. With the Justice League mysteriously absent, the Corps responded to an attack by Gorilla Grodd on Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Unknown to them, this was actually a preliminary incursion by the dimension-hopping Sheeda and the Corps found themselves totally outclassed. Superbia was knocked out of the sky, causing many casualties to both the onboard population and the population of the city it fell upon, and a number of the Corps were killed by Grodd and the Sheeda, led by the Nebula Man. Squire, a junior member of the Corps, alerted Batman and a rescue was attempted, which itself looked doomed to failure until the rest of the newly returned League (themselves rescued by Squire from the pocket universe of Qwewq) arrived to help. Disgraced, the Corps was on the verge of disbanding when Superman suggested that they enter the pocket universe and act as its defenders. It was eventually revealed they failed to save it (instead placing the seed of weakness in it). Though their return was not shown, members Knight II, Squire III, Vixen and Tasmanian Devil have recently reappeared. The group was last seen in the pages of "Final Crisis", showing up in a cameo in issue #4, with Superbia being one of the "Watchtowers" where the heroes were holding off the forces of Darkseid. Superbia is last seen falling from the sky after an aerial attack disables it. The status of the group after this incident is unknown. Warmaker One is Lieutenant Colonel Scott Sawyer, and has a body composed of a type of energy which phases out of normal reality, and as such is contained in a high-tech suit of power armor. His armor is equipped with rockets, a one-shot bullet with a "clean" nuclear warhead, and transmitters that "broadcast" sounds and other sensory information, enabling him to overload Superman's super-senses. Flow is Major Dan Stone, a creature of living water. As time wore on, Flow became more monstrous and less humanoid in appearance and changed his name to Glob. 4-D is an African American woman named Captain Lea Corben, she was given the power to change her dimensions, so that she could become four-, three-, two-, or one-dimensional at will, making her hard to capture and confine. In her own words, she also stated that she had the ability to draw power "from other dimensions and bring it into the Third Dimension" and use it to supercharge the blows she could deal out; she promptly then proved this in battle by knocking out Wonder Woman with a single blow. Pulse 8 is Captain John Wether, Pulse 8 was originally in control of the fundamental forces of the universe, such as gravity, electromagnetism and the like. His more recent appearance, as The Master shows him using his powers to literally rewrite reality using something called a "Quantum Keyboard". It is unknown whether this is a further development of his pre-existing powers, a whole new power, or merely a new way of describing his old powers. The Knight is Cyril Sheldrake, an English costumed hero who takes after his inspiration Batman. Cyril is the second Knight, and served under the original Knight (his father, the Earl of Wordenshire) as his Squire. Cyril has a rather coarse attitude, and engages in friendly but politically incorrect banter with the Irish Jack O'Lantern. Squire is Beryl Hutchinson, a superheroine similar to that of Batman's sidekick Robin. Beryl is an expert in communications and communication technology, to the extent that she can even read information patterns by touch. She is brave and strong-willed, and cares deeply for Cyril. Goraiko is a large, superhumanly strong, superhumanly dense Japanese superhero apparently made out of the psychic energy of a young Japanese girl who resides in some sort of sensory deprivation casket. Goraiko speaks only in haiku and mathematical equations. The girl has a little doll in the casket that appears to be the inspiration for Goraiko's shape, but it is unknown if it is necessary for the manifestation of the being. Goraiko is a founding member of the Japanese equivalent of the JLA, a team called Big Science Action. Jack O'Lantern is Liam McHugh, an Irish patriot who derives some measure of mystical ability from an enchanted jack o'lantern. He is also extraordinarily agile and, although the Knight makes fun of his slim build, stronger than he looks. Vixen is Mari Jiwe McCabe, an African supermodel and veteran heroine who has been part of many teams, including the Justice League and the Suicide Squad. She later left the Corps and rejoined the JLA. Olympian is Aristides Demetrios, the national hero of Greece. He apparently wears the mythical Golden Fleece, which contains the souls and abilities of many Greek heroes, and as a result, he is able to use many of those abilities, such as the strength of Heracles. There is one drawback; the presence of so many minds within his own often confuses him, making him seem as if he has a split personality. During his most recent appearance, he was described as the "disgraced 'schizophrenic Superman' of Greece", implying that this personality disorder had led to some sort of public embarrassment. Kid Impala is the teenaged successor to M'Bulaze the original South African Zulu hero known as Impala. Tasmanian Devil is Hugh Dawkins, the veteran metahuman protector of Australia, and a renowned hero with the ability to turn into a supernaturally large and intelligent lycanthropic Tasmanian devil/human hybrid, a "were-devil". After leaving the Corps and rejoining the Global Guardians, he was killed by the villain Prometheus, but was later resurrected. Ulla Paske of Denmark: A teenage hero born from a Danish lighthouse keeper and an Atlantean woman. A crimefighting hero from France. Her secret identity is Noelle Avril. Their appearances have been collected in a number of trade paperbacks, all written by Grant Morrison: </doc> <doc id="2339794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339794" title="Ultraman Tiga"> Ultraman Tiga After a franchise hiatus of over 15 years, set in a universe different from all previous series and updated with a new look and feel. Tiga is the first Ultraman with multiple combat modes and non-red colors. It is one of the most popular entries in the Ultra Series. Because of Tiga's popularity, he had more exposure on TV and movies than any other Heisei Ultraman. "Ultraman Tiga" was also dubbed in English by 4Kids Entertainment and broadcast in the United States as part of the FoxBox programming block on Fox Broadcasting Company affiliates, making it the fourth Ultra Series to air in the United States after "Ultraman, Ultra Seven" and "". Set in an alternate universe in the year 2007-2010 (2049 in the U.S. dub), giant monsters and conquering aliens start to appear, as was foretold by an apocalyptic prophecy about an uncontrollable chaos over the Earth. Facing the threat, the TPC (Terrestrial Peaceable Consortium) is created along with its branch, GUTS (Global Unlimited Task Squad). Through a holographic message in a capsule found by researchers, the GUTS gets knowledge about a golden pyramid built by an ancient civilization. At the site, three statues of a race of giants who defended early human civilization on Earth about 30,000,000 years ago. GUTS finds the three ancient statues, but two of them are destroyed by the monsters Golza and Melba. The third one gains life from the spiritual energy of officer Daigo, descendant of the ancient race. Daigo and the remaining statue merge into a single being, made of light. Shortly after defeating the two monsters, Daigo is revealed by the hologram of the prophecy that 30 million years in the past, a great evil that not even the giants could stop, destroyed the ancient civilization. The same evil reappears in the finale of the series, the "Ruler of Darkness" Gatanothor, and his servants, Gijera and Zoigar. Gatanothor defeats Ultraman Tiga with ease, withstanding the Delcalium Light Stream and a modified version of the Zeperion Ray, both Tiga's finishes, and turns him back into a stone statue, but the light of humanity is able to turn him into Glitter Tiga, giving him the power to defeat Gatanothor and save the Earth. However, Tiga's victory came at a cost. Daigo was no longer able to become Tiga after the Spark Lens disintegrated into dust after his final battle. It is revealed that Tiga, although no longer bound to Daigo, its energy now remains in the heart of all those who believe in Tiga, inner-strength and justice. Given the right conditions such as times of despair, the sparks will gather and the Tiga statue will be revitalized. An English dub of the series was produced by 4Kids Entertainment and recorded by their in-house dubbing studio, 4Kids Productions. The dub aired on the Fox Box, which was formally the Fox Kids Children's block on Fox in the United States. The first episode premiered on September 14, 2002. 4Kids made some significant changes, such as producing a new theme song and soundtrack that replaced the originals. Storylines were altered to comply with Fox's Standards and Practices division and accommodate commercial breaks and broadcasting scheduling. Each episode was one or two minutes shorter than its Japanese counterpart. The dub included tongue-in-cheek dialogue, which changed the personalities for some characters such as Captain Iruma, who was changed from a smart, level-headed individual to an airhead. Additionally, Captain Iruma was referred to as a "sir" instead of a "ma'am". Some monsters were given new sound effects, and the transformation sequence was altered altogether, showcasing all of Tiga's forms and emphasizing the change from Daigo to Tiga. Tiga's "Multi, Power, and Sky Types" are changed into "Omni, Power, and Speed Modes," respectively. The Spark Lens was renamed the "Torch of Tiga", although the Region 1 DVD Release refers to it as the "Spark Lance" for the first DVD but afterwards, the translation becomes "Spark Lens. His light techniques were called "Luminizers", and the Color Timer is referred to as the "Biotic Sensor." "Ultraman Tiga" was removed from the FoxBox lineup on March 15, 2003, due to low ratings, with only 25 episodes of the 52-episode series having aired. 4Kids initially planned to relaunch the show in September, but decided to release the Japanese episodes on DVD instead. As a result, their dub is only viewable through recordings of the original broadcasts. Erica Schroeder (who voiced Rena) claimed that part of the reason for "Ultraman Tiga's" limited success in the U.S. was due to 4Kids' indecision whether to satirize the show or make it serious. Dark Horse Comics published a manga-style series based on Ultraman Tiga in 2003–2004. </doc> <doc id="2339795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339795" title="Shinyanga"> Shinyanga Shinyanga, also known as Shinyanga mji in the local Swahili language, is a city in northern Tanzania. The city is the location of the regional headquarters of Shinyanga Region as well as the district headquarters of Shinyanga Urban District. The region and district are named after the town. Shinyanga is located in Shinyanga District, in Shinyanga Region, in northern Tanzania. The city is located approximately , by road, southeast of Mwanza, the nearest large city. This location lies approximately , by road, northwest of Dodoma, the capital city of Tanzania. The coordinates of the city are: 3°39′43″S 33°25′23″E / 3.661945°S 33.423056°E / -3.661945; 33.423056. The 2002 national census estimated the population of Shinyanga at about 93,000. The 2012 national census listed the population of Shinyanga Municipal Council at 161,391. The current seven landmarks in the city of Shinyanga or near its borders, include the following: Shinyanga is served by the Shinyanga Railway Station as a branch of the Central Railway of Tanzania. Shinyanga is served by the Shinyanga Airport (IATA: SHY, ICAO: HTSY) Shinyanga is served by the Tabora-Mwanza Highway. The highway passes conveniently through the center of Shinyanga. The region has a forest restoration programme which is well documented by the Food and Agriculture Organization, United Nations Environment Programme and the Global Partnership on Forest Landscape Restoration. The programme is featured in the film "Forests for the 21st Century". </doc> <doc id="2339796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339796" title="Ultraman Ace"> Ultraman Ace Starting with this show, the Ultra Series heads in a notably different direction, slowly shifting from a sci-fi/mystery adventure to full-tilt superhero fantasy fare. All previous Ultramen (Ultraman, Ultra Seven, Ultraman Jack and Zoffy) make regular appearances in this series, whereas they only made guest appearances in the previous show "The Return of Ultraman". Yapool, an alien mastermind with similarities to Satan and Legion, sought after the planet of Earth and tried to conquer it with a campaign that involved his experiments known as Chohjuh. The first super weapon sent to Earth, Verokron, ravaged a city and took on TAC, a special forces unit created by the Self Defense Force to defend the Earth from monsters. Two of Verokron's unfortunate victims were Seiji Hokuto and Yuhko Minami. Before they were dead long the first five Ultra Brothers, Ultraman, Zoffy, Ultra Seven, Ultraman Jack, and Ultraman Ace, decided to revive the duo for trying to help young children get away from the Chohjuh and to fight off Yapool's forces. Ace decided to be the one to go as he had both of them be his host. Yapool has used not only Chohjuh, but also recruited other aliens, humans that sold their souls to him for Chohjuh possession, and even himself to assassinate Ace and TAC only to be brought down in absolute defeat. After the destruction of one of Yapool's oldest Chohjuh, Lunaticks, Minami revealed she was one of the last natives from the moon and gave her Ultra-Ring to Hokuto as she had to leave, but she would return every once in a long while. Ever since Hokuto has been Ace's host and their efforts were just the same. Over the course of the remainder of the series, Ace and the Ultra Brothers proceeded to fight off yet more Chohjuh born from Yapool's remnants, including several battles where they were assisted by Father of Ultra, Ace's adoptive father, and Ace's half brother, who was then unnamed. Yapool became desperate by combining the bodies of a selected few to create Jumbo King only for him to fail and have Ace fly off to his home world of M78. Ever since Ace has showed up to help later Ultras in their times of need. A defense organization created to combat Chohjuh. The Chohjuh are more powerful and are created by the interdimensional invaders known as the Yapool. TAC takes over Earth defense duties after the Earth Defense Army is destroyed by the first Chohjuh, Verokron. TAC's headquarters is in New York, with an international headquarters in the South Pacific. At the Far East branch (based in Japan of course), Captain Ryuh leads his team of six plus Kaji the weapons R&D guy. TAC uses its mecha to support Ultraman Ace. Also known as the Devil Captain. Pilots the TAC Falcon. Joins with Minami to transform into Ultraman Ace, who merges with them after they are killed while trying to protect a wheelchair-bound kid from Chohjuh Verokron at a children's hospital. Originally a bakery driver. When their Ultra Rings shine, Hokuto and Minami touch the rings together to become Ultraman Ace. After Minami leaves the series in episode 28, Hokuto must transform by himself without Minami. Joins with Hokuto to transform into Ultraman Ace, who merges with them after they are killed while trying to protect a wheelchair-bound kid from Chohjuh Verokron at a children's hospital. Handles communications. When their Ultra Rings shine, Hokuto and Minami touch the rings together to become Ultraman Ace. Later, Minami leaves the series in episode 28, after Ace defeats Chohjuh Lunatyx and she returns her home, the moon. Uses two TAC Guns to fight against Chohjuh. From Kyushu. He likes to tell a jokes. From Okayama. Expert marksman, biologist and mechanic. Handles communications like Minami. A member of TAC's weapons R&D Division and not a part of TAC's seven elite agents. Creates cartridges for the TAC gun and develops weapons like the Maria #1 and #2. TAC has a vast arsenal of mecha that and use to defend the 3rd dimensional Earth against the Chohjuh of the interdimensional invaders, the Yapool. They support Ultraman Ace. Base located below the Five Lakes near Mt. Fuji. Has a strong defenses, research facilities and radars to catch unusual phenomena in space. TAC's space fortress. Can carries missiles, Vulcan cannons and the TAC Arrow. Can launch either from headquarters or from the TAC Falcon in flight. Fires a laser, missiles and fire retardant. The beak-like tapering nosecone is the diestinguishing characteristic of TAC fighters. Supersonic craft that can be used in the atmosphere or in space. Launches from the waters of the Five Lakes. Fires a laser called the Golden Hawk. Pilot by Captain Ryuh and Mikawa. Used for local urban patrol, investigation, and surface attack. Able to repel attack from Chohjuh. Used over especially rugged terrain, especially around headquarters. The drill subterranean tank can drills through the ground. Used to drill out Aribunta from subterranean Tokyo in episode 5. Fires a lasers and missiles. A submarines only mentioned in the TAC song. Mostly fires bullets, but can attach cartridges to fire lasers or compressed air. Created by Kaji to destroy Chameleking's egg in episode 2. Can also be used with a tripod. More powerful than TAC Gun. This sister and brother make first appears in episode 29 after the abrupt departure of Yuhko Minami from the series and onward. Their father dies while trying to save a girl from a Chohjuh. They live together in the same apartment building as Seiji Hokuto. </doc> <doc id="2339798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339798" title="Cohen"> Cohen Cohen may refer to: For people whose surname is Cohen, see list of people with surname Cohen </doc> <doc id="2339800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339800" title="Mbeya"> Mbeya Mbeya is a city located in southwest Tanzania, Africa. Mbeya's urban population was 280,000 in 2005. Mbeya is the capital of the surrounding rural Mbeya region (population, with Mbeya, totals approx. 2 million). Mbeya is the first large urban settlement encountered when travelling overland from the neighbouring nation of Zambia. Mbeya is situated at an altitude of 1,700 metres (5,500 ft), and sprawls through a narrow highland valley surrounded by a bowl of high mountains. The main language is colloquial Swahili, and the English language is extensively taught in schools. Following the 1905 gold rush, Mbeya was founded as a gold mining town in the 1920s. The TAZARA railway later attracting farming migrants and small entrepreneurs to the area. Mbeya and its district was administered by the British until 1961. Mbeya Region was created in 1961. Mbeya City is now a growing metropolis and business centre for the southern regions and the neighbouring countries of Malawi, Zambia and Congo. The City is well connected with an all-weather road that forms part of the "Great North Road" running from Cape Town to Alexandria. The City has several tribes including the Safwa, Nyakyusa, Nyiha and Ndali all being agricultural peoples. Mbeya also boasts as one of the regions that form the bread basket of Tanzania. Local government is administered via the Mbeya Urban District authority and a Regional Commissioner. Mbeya has weather with enough rainfall and fertile soil which enable it to be the largest producer of maize, rice, bananas, beans, potatoes (Irish & sweet), soya nuts and wheat in the entire country. Tanzania has a free market in agricultural produce, and Mbeya transports vast amounts of its maize to other areas of Tanzania. There is also extensive animal husbandry, with dairy cattle predominating. Mbeya is also the biggest producer of high-value export and cash crops in Tanzania; those crops are coffee (arabica), tea, cocoa, pyrethirum and spices. There is some smallholder cultivation of tobacco. Firewood is collected by women and girls, from the wooded valleys and mountainsides. Bamboo is naturally abundant in the forests, and there are plans to teach local people about this versatile plant and its many uses. Some gold is still mined in the rural Chunya District, by artisan miners. Mbeya is considered to be heading the Southern Highlands Regions, that's why there is a Mbeya Referral Hospital which serves the whole of the Southern Highlands regions. The Bank of Tanzania, Mbeya Cement Company, Afri Bottlers Company Coca-Cola Company, SBC Tanzania Ltd Pepsi Cola Company, Tanzania Breweries Limited, NMB, TIB, Mbozi Coffee Curing Limited, Tukuyu Tea Company, Tanzania Oxygen Limited TOL - KYEJO, CRDB all these serve as zonal representative for southern Highlands. There are also a number of companies and statutory organisations with zonal offices in Mbeya. Besides a growing number of secondary schools, Mbeya has some institutes of higher learning education. Among the better known ones are the following five: Mbeya has a subtropical highland climate ("Cwb", according to the Köppen climate classification), with humid summers and dry winters. The general range of temperature is between −6 °C in the highlands and 29 °C on the lowlands. The weather from June until October, is dry and cold. The heaviest rainfall occurs during the months December to March. The area around Mbeya town (especially in Tukuyu) enjoys abundant and reliable rainfall which stimulates abundant agriculture on the rich volcanic soils. Average rainfall per year is around . The rainy season is from March to May. The area around Mbeya has been called the "Scotland of Africa". The hills are clad in heather and bracken, but botanically they are more closely related to the Fynbos (fine bush) of South Africa’s Western Cape Province than the Highlands of Scotland. The nearest mountain to Mbeya is Loleza Mountain, which rises over and behind the town. Mbeya Peak is visible but some distance away. Mount Rungwe is the highest mountain in the wider Mbeya region and it dominates the skyline for several kilometers around. It is composed of ten or more dormant volcanic craters and domes. Rising above the small town of Tukuyu, at 2,960m, Rungwe is southern Tanzania's highest peak, and is among the highest in the country after some of the peaks in northern Tanzania such as Mount Kilimanjaro (5,895m) and Mount Meru (4,565). Mount Rungwe is surrounded by a catchment forest reserve that was gazetted in 1949. This forest reserve incorporates montane forest, upper montane forest and montane grassland, with lesser amounts of bushland and heath at the upper elevations, found in low bushes along streams and at the edges of montane forest. The forest is home to a variety of significant forest flora and fauna, including the threatened Abbott's Duiker. The forest is regarded as an important bird area, with two species listed as vulnerable. The most notable creatures are Rungwe bush vipers and Colobus monkeys. Also ecologically important are the Poroto Mountains, south-east of Mbeya. In 2005, a completely new species of large monkey, the Kipunji, was discovered living in the southern highlands to the south-west of Mbeya. The Mbeya region has not yet been closely studied by scientists. The Kitulo Plateau, famous for its orchids and display of native flora is now within the designated Kitulo National Park. Forests in the area, even in the reserves, continue to be encroached upon and degraded. However, there has also been extensive tree and forest planting, which ensures the local firewood supply. There is a small illicit trade in orchid bulbs, which is thought to be endangering the survival of some species. Mbeya is served by the Mbeya Railway Station which is near the A104 or via the TAZARA railway line from the capital (approx. 600-miles, two overnight passenger trains per week). Mbeya can be reached by road on the A-7 highway from Dar es Salaam , Mbeya connects to the rest of Tanzania by air through Songwe Airport which was opened in December 2012. It is one of four major airports available in Tanzania. Auric Air and Fastjet fly from Songwe to Dar es Salaam. The rains normally start in October and end around May, followed by a dry and cold spell between June and September. Conventional tourism is not a major contributor to the local economy and there are no visible months with peak tourism. The city lies in the Rift Valley and is considered Csb by the Köppen-Geiger system. The cooler and mountainous climate in the town attracts mainly locals from other parts of the country and foreigners for the game watching and trout fishing. The local government has begun trying to widen tourism beyond animal and wild game viewing, and have invested in producing better mapping and developing a local tourist center. Well-defined hiking trails have been established to enable hikers to reach the elevated areas and bio-diverse highlands, although the trails need to be properly mapped. For self-sufficient hikers, there are various routes in the Poroto Mountains around the small town of Tukuyu. Some notable local tourist attractions in the area include: The city also has various rock and cave painting sites. Many of the rock sites have still been undocumented by the Antiequits department and provide a looking glass into the traditional cultures of the local surrounding communities. The city also has a significant number of transit passengers heading towards Lusaka/Malawi from Dar es Salaam Port that often make a stop in the city for overnight lodging or food. As for football, the city is represented in the Tanzanian Premier League by Mbeya City that is owned by Mbeya City Council and Prisons FC; the team Prisons FC is owned by the Tanzanian Prison Service based in Mbeya and the home venue is Sokoine Stadium. A new team named Mbeya City which is owned by the Mbeya city council was recently promoted to play in the Tanzania premier league for the season 2012 - 13 </doc> <doc id="2339802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339802" title="Schuermann"> Schuermann Schuermann Architects of Münster, Germany, is a dynasty of architects specialising in the design of velodromes, cycle tracks and indoor athletics tracks since 1925. The Schuermann dynasty was founded by Clemens Schuermann (1888–1956), professional track cyclist and later architect, continued by his son Herbert Schuermann (1925–1994) and his grandson Ralph Schuermann (born 1953). They have designed more than 125 cycle tracks worldwide, among them many velodromes for Olympic Games, namely in Berlin in 1936, Rome in 1960, Mexico City in 1968, Munich in 1972, Seoul in 1986, Barcelona in 1990, and Beijing in 2008. They have also designed very famous world-record tracks as the Velodromo Vigorelli in Milan, Italy; "CDOM" in Mexico City, Mexico; "Velodrom" in Berlin, Germany and The Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow. They also designed the track for the World-Training-Center CMC of the Union Cycliste Internationale in Aigle, Switzerland, a 200-meter wooden indoor track. Schuermann also designed the "Viking Ship", the speed skating venue for the 1994 Winter Olympics, which can also be used as a velodrome, and has seen record performances in both sports. </doc> <doc id="2339805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339805" title="Ultraman Dyna"> Ultraman Dyna In the year 2017 (7 years after the final episode of Ultraman Tiga), TPC has advanced beyond Earth, and has created a new team, "Super GUTS". Humans have begun terra-forming Mars and other planets in what is known as the "Age of the Neo Frontier". One day, the Neo Frontier is attacked by an alien race known as the Spheres. Shin Asuka has just joined Super GUTS and is in the middle of training maneuvers above Earth's atmosphere when he and his comrades are attacked. He proves himself in battle, and can hold his own against ace pilot Ryo. However, his ship is damaged and he ejects, after which he encounters a shining light. It is then that a new giant of light merges with the bewildered Asuka, saving his life. When the Spheres enter Mars' atmosphere and merge with the Martian rocks to form monsters, Asuka again participates in the battle, now equipped with a mysterious device known as the "Reflasher". Upon the Sphere's new attack, Asuka suddenly transforms into a colossal giant, and manages to protect Mars from a group of monsters sent by the Spheres. The members of Super GUTS quickly catch on that this giant being is not Ultraman Tiga, but a new giant of light, "Ultraman Dyna". In contrast to the serious tone of "Ultraman Tiga", "Ultraman Dyna" is a far more light-hearted show, featuring more upbeat stories and comical character personalities for its cast. The final story arc is rather somber, in contrast to the rest of the series. Dyna/Asuka apparently sacrifice themselves to save the Earth from Gran Sphere, the planet-sized mother form of the Spheres. In the series finale, we do get to see that Asuka rejoins his father as they ride off toward the light in their two spaceships, though the fate of Dyna / Asuka and Asuka's father remains unknown. Eleven years after the end of the television series, the movie "" is intended as a direct follow-up for Dyna / Asuka after the events of the "Dyna" series finale. It is revealed that the wormhole resulting from Gran Sphere's destruction transported him to the M78 universe, where the film takes place. At the end of the movie, as the featured ZAP SPACY members require help back to Earth, Dyna / Asuka decides to direct them home personally. They are shown disappearing into a self-made wormhole together. Upon the conclusion of Ultraman Saga, Asuka contacts Super GUTS while traveling to an unknown destination. He assures them that Taiga is alive and well, as Ryo responds that they will catch up to Asuka one day, Asuka smiles and says that he will wait for them before vanishing into the light once more. </doc> <doc id="2339807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339807" title="Koani"> Koani Koani is a city located on the Tanzanian island of Unguja (Zanzibar). The city serves as capital of the Zanzibar Central/South region. </doc> <doc id="2339809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339809" title="Mkokotoni"> Mkokotoni Mkokotoni is a city located on the Tanzanian island of Unguja (Zanzibar). The city serves as capital of the Zanzibar North region. </doc> <doc id="2339811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339811" title="Ultraman Gaia"> Ultraman Gaia Ultraman Gaia takes place in yet another universe, one that is totally different from the world of the Shōwa era Ultramen (Ultraman to Ultraman 80), as well as the world of Ultraman Tiga and Ultraman Dyna. In a departure from most of the other series, there are two Ultramen as the main characters. They have conflicting philosophies in regards to defending the Earth from a mysterious, malevolent and extremely intelligent cosmic entity. The first half of the series explores the growing tension between them, and their eventual clash. The second half has them reconcile their differences so they can defeat their common enemy. The show is also different from past Ultra Series in that the support team, XIG, has more personnel than the defence teams in previous series. In this series, is the lead, but is prominently focused on as well. They are often at odds with each other in the beginning of the series. Their philosophies are as different as their skin colors. Unlike Gaia, Agul is completely blue. Gamu Takayama, the human host of Ultraman Gaia, believes that Gaia is here to save Earth and humanity. On the other hand, Fujimiya Hiroya, the human host of Ultraman Agul, believes Agul to be Earth's natural defence mechanism. He is at first more interested in protecting just the planet itself, even at the expense of humanity (hence the occasional clashes with Gaia). But this was discontinued after Gaia and Agul would work together as one to face more powerful monsters. The story takes place in the year 2000. CRISIS, a supercomputer developed the Alchemy Stars (a global network of young geniuses born during the 1980s), predicts around 1996–1997 that Earth and humanity would be annihilated by something known as the "Entity that Brings Radical Destruction". Technology developed by the Alchemy Stars is used to form an international defence organization known as Geocentric Universal Alliance against the Radical Destruction (G.U.A.R.D.). This is done secretly, so as to avoid worldwide panic. The eXpanded Interceptive Guards (X.I.G.) is the combat wing of G.U.A.R.D, operating in a floating sky fortress known as the Aerial Base. 20-year-old Gamu Takayama, a scientist and member of the Alchemy Stars briefly encounters Gaia during some virtual reality experiments he performs with the secret purpose of discovering the will of the Earth, later merging with him in order to fight various monsters that threaten the safety of the Earth. During his battles, he encounters Ultraman Agul, whose human host is Hiroya Fujimya, a former Alchemy Stars member. Both clash because of their ideals regarding the protection of the Earth but eventually resolve their differences to battle their common enemy. Toku premiered the series in United States in February 9, 2018. Although not technically an Ultraman game, Ultraman Gaia serves as both the main character and main plot in Banpresto's "" for the PlayStation. </doc> <doc id="2339813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339813" title="Sumbawanga"> Sumbawanga Sumbawanga is a city located in western Tanzania. It is the capital of Rukwa Region with postcode number 55100 . The regional population is approximately 150,000 based on a 2002 census. Sumbawanga lies in the territory of the Wafipa Fipa tribe and so many people speak Kifipa, as well as Kiswahili, the most widely used language of Tanzania. The name of the town literally translates as "throw away your witchcraft", thought to be a warning from local spiritual "healers" to any bringing in superstitions and practices relating to spiritual healers from other areas; there are still some healers who practice both in town and in the surrounding smaller villages on the plateau. The town has the largest hospital in the region, Rukwa General Hospital, which is government funded, as well as the smaller Dr. Atiman Hospital administrated and run by the Catholic Diocese of Sumbawanga. The town acts as a supply and commercial center for the Rukwa Region and some governmental agencies are to be found there, notably the transport department for the region. Sumbawanga has both Libori and Moravian conference centres. A modest-size market is in the town centre where local produce may be found. This includes maize, rice, fruit, poultry and fish (from Lake Tanganyika and Lake Rukwa). Many imported plastic goods and electronics are available as well as bicycles and spares. Although there are several fuel outlets, supply can be quite erratic because of the difficulties of transport from the coast. The local economy is largely dependent on agriculture and small locally owned businesses. There is very limited industry or production in the town. Significant improvement could be expected if the road to Mbeya was sealed to enable reliable all-weather access year round. This road, and its continuation north to Mpanda and Tabora or Kigoma, can become impassable at the height of the wet season (Feb-Mar). The Tanzanian government does have contracts in place for upgrading large sections of these roads. The town can be reached by flights operated by Auric Air or by bus from Mbeya which lies to the south with train links to the town of Kapiri Mposhi in Zambia, to Dar es Salaam. Rail is also available through Tabora from Mpanda in the north. Mpanda also has an airport with a 2km sealed runway. Sumbawanga has many schools and colleges, including: </doc> <doc id="2339815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339815" title="Ultraman 80"> Ultraman 80 Ultraman 80 comes to Earth as one of the newest members of the Ultra Space Garrison (it is revealed in "Ultraman Mebius" that he is the ninth Ultra Brother), in the form of science teacher Takeshi Yamato. After a five-year hiatus since the departure of Ultraman Leo (1974), monsters started reappearing again. Yamato's theory is that monsters are born of the energy created by negative human emotions, also known as Minus Energy. He decides to become a teacher at Sakura-ga-Oka Middle School in Tokyo, and serves as a science teacher, as well as the home room teacher responsible for 1st Year, E Division. He is absolutely dedicated to his students, for he is there to teach them not just about science, but also about life. Unfortunately, he has a habit for being late, so he does things like promising his students to walk to class on his hands if he is late next time, or even promising to resign as a teacher. He even starts up a band with his students and jams on an electric guitar. His over-enthusiasm quickly wins the loyalty of his students, but often makes him an easy target for the prim Deputy Schoolmaster Kumi Nozawa. Yamato loves rice, ramen (Japanese noodle soup) and orange juice. He also loves Kyohko Aihara, the gym teacher, but loses all confidence in himself and sense of composure in her presence. Yamato dons an orange and silver suit to moonlight at UGM (Utility Government Members), the regular Earth defence team, after school and on Sundays. He gets the job from Captain Ōhyama because they are both present at a park in the first episode, looking for signs of new monster activity. Ohyama is happy to meet someone who believes in the re-emergence of monsters. Even his own team members had their doubts, since none of them have any combat experience like their veteran captain. At school, only Principal Ken-no-suke Hayashi knows of Yamato's extracurricular activities. 80 has one of the more difficult human situations of any Ultraman. Ultraman 80 cannot be revealed to be known by humans, since his revelation will lead 80 to leave Earth. Yet, Yamato must still balance UGM and school, all the while hiding his true identity, while nursing a crush on Aihara. Though determined to teach his students about responsibility and integrity, he has to lie and break promises constantly to maintain this secret multiple personality and eventually stops working as a teacher to be a full-time UGM member. Ultraman 80 and Hoshi returns home after the event of the final episode against monster Margodon. In the final episode, UGM destroy Margodon all by themselves. It is revealed that Captain Ohyama knows the real identities of Yamato and Hoshi, and a small celebration is held to appreciate Ultraman 80's and Hoshi's assistance while on Earth. 25 years later, in "Ultraman Mebius", 80 returns to Earth while fighting Robelgar II, whom he eventually defeats with Mebius' help. His former students, one of whom works at the school and knows that their former sensei (teacher) is in fact Ultraman 80 is ecstatic as they all have fond memories of him and would like to see him again. They decide to have one final reunion party at the school as the school is to be torn down soon in the hope that their mentor would come. Ultraman 80 tells Mebius that he will not attend as he feels that by joining the UGM to fight monsters he failed in his primary mission of teaching his students. As the reunion party starts on the roof of the school, residual negative energy (also referred to as Minus Energy), emerges from the school to resurrect the monster Hoh (a monster which appeared in 1980). Ultraman Mebius battles the monster who seemed to be sad somehow and this sadness was being reflected in the school building itself. Ultraman 80 then landed and told Mebius that since it was the negative energy that spawned the monster that he would defeat it. The monster willingly stood and seemed to smile as it dispersed after being hit with energy from 80's Buckle Beam. 80 then sees his student's delight at his appearance and hears them as they shout out how their lives have turned out thanks to him. Ultraman 80 then flies away and reverts to Takeshi Yamato and is joyfully greeted by his students at the final school reunion, as he realized that he hadn't failed them after all. Ultraman 80 later returns during the series finale, assisting the other Ultra Brothers in destroying a manifestation of rock created by Alien Empera that was coating the sun. Takeshi Yamato is the only human host not to transform to his Ultra form on screen during Mebius' series. During the film , Ultraman 80 teams up with Ultraman Jack and Ultraman Ace to prevent Ultraman Belial from stealing the Plasma Spark. However, the three Ultras are defeated by Belial and are frozen once he steals the Plasma Spark. They remain frozen until Ultraman Zero returns The Plasma Spark. The Ultraman 80 30th Anniversery Memorial two DVD's box set will be released by Tsuburaya. Box I features episodes 1-28 & Box II features episodes 29-50. On December 9, 2014, Crunchyroll announced that the series would be available on their streaming service starting that day in the US, Canada, Latin America, UK, Australia, and New Zealand. The television channel TOKU premiered the series in the United States with English subtitles beginning March 27, 2017, making it the sixth Ultra Series to air in the United States after Ultraman, Ultra Seven, , Ultraman Tiga and Ultraman Max. This is the very first live action Ultra series to have ending credits and an ending song. Two songs were used for the opening and endings the openings were called Ultraman 80 by TALIZMAN and Hang In There Ultraman 80 by TALIZMAN and Columbia Yurikago Kai, the ending songs were called Let's Go UGM by TALIZMAN, and You are Earthlings by TALIZMAN. The 1st Opening theme was covered by Koorogi '73, but this version is extremely rare. Late in the series, 80 is joined on Earth by the Queen of the Land of Light (the Ultra Planet), , 80's childhood friend (and in "Ultraman: Super Fighter Legend", his girlfriend). She originally comes to Earth to warn 80 that King Galtan the Great is planning to assassinate him, but she ends up sticking around for a while and joins UGM (replacing Emi Johno, who had been killed in action). She assumes the identity of Ryohko Hoshi. While not using any attacks as Yullian (other than Double Power, a combined attack with 80), she does shoot the Princess Ray, an infrared beam fired from the fingertips, as Ryohko. She later makes a cameo appearance in the first episode of Ultraman Mebius and also participates along with several other Ultras in fighting against Ultraman Belial in the film, but she fails to stop Belial and is frozen once he steals the Plasma Spark and remains frozen until Ultraman Zero returns it. </doc> <doc id="2339819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339819" title="14.5mm JDJ"> 14.5mm JDJ The 14.5mm JDJ was created by SSK Industries of Wintersville, Ohio. It uses the .50 BMG case with the neck opened up to accept a bullet. It fires the bullet at with the fire-formed load. The Barnes bullet can also be loaded to . It has a destructive device exemption. Only rifles chambered for the .50 BMG can be converted to this caliber. </doc> <doc id="2339820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339820" title="Ultraman Taro"> Ultraman Taro "Taro" is one of the most typical name of a boy in "otogi-banashi"s, or, Japanese fairy tales. The producer said, 'Ultraman Taro is going to be the fairy tale in the Ultra Series.' Koh-taroh Higashi wanted to be a championship boxer. However, fate had other plans as he fell thousands of feet from the Earth while chasing after Astromons, a new creature in the third age of monsters. The Five Ultra Brothers brought Koh-taroh's body to their home world of Nebula M-78 many years into the past. It was there that Mother of Ultra merged Koh-taroh with Ultraman Taro, who would now form the Six Ultra Brothers. Before merging with Koh-taroh, Taro spent many years to hone his skills similar to the original five Ultra Brothers by mimicking their attacks through battles from both the past and future. After the merge was complete, Koh-taroh was taken back to present day Earth being the human host of Taro and as Astromons was ravaging a city Koh-taroh turned into Taro. Not long after Astromons's defeat Koh-taroh joined ZAT and fought in a new era of monster. Many foes were found that would threaten the Earth, but Taro and ZAT defeated them time and again with occasional help from the other five Ultra Brothers from the weaklings to monsters only Taro could defeat. During Taro's era, Birdon killed him and Zoffy but Taro was revived and killed the bird monster. After Samekujira attacked and Alien Valkie fled Koh-taroh wanted to show Taro and the other Ultras he wanted to keep his humanity by the time has come. Thus, he is one of the few Ultra human hosts to cut his ties with an Ultra Warrior. His current location is unknown. Ultraman Taro is the biological son to Mother of Ultra and Father of Ultra, and Ace is his adopted half-brother. ZAT Mecha design are outlandish and they support Ultraman Taro. Notes <br> Due to the aforementioned separation of Taro from his human host, Ultraman Taro never appeared in human form in the Ultraman Mebius series. When Taro arrived on Earth it was in the form of an energy sphere. </doc> <doc id="2339823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339823" title="Kibaha"> Kibaha Kibaha is a city with 23,050 inhabitants (2002) located in eastern Tanzania. It is the capital of Pwani Region. It is located in Kibaha District, one of the six districts of Pwani Region. Kibaha hosts the Kibaha Education Centre. Kibaha is served by the A7. </doc> <doc id="2339827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339827" title="Jualbup Lake"> Jualbup Lake Lake Jualbup, formerly the Shenton Park Lake, is a freshwater lake located in , Western Australia. The lake is contained within Shenton Park, a parkland in the suburb of Shenton Park, bounded by Lake Avenue, Excelsior Street, Evans Street and Herbert Road. As well as the lakes themselves, the park area includes open grassed space, barbecues and playground equipment and a masonry building and public toilet in the south-west corner. The lake is generally full during the winter rainy season, but can dry up completely during the summer months. A variety of birdlife (including the famous black swan) can be found around the lake, as well as a number of aquatic creatures such as turtles. The area surrounding Lake Jualbup was originally known as Jualbup, an Aboriginal term meaning "a place where water rises in the season of spring". In the early days of European settlement, a timber miller named James Dyson worked in the area, and thus it became known as Dyson's Swamp. In 1877, James Dyson sold his swamp to George Shenton's son. Later it was renamed Shenton Park Lake, after the land developer and politician, George Shenton. The Aboriginal name "Jualbup" was restored to the lake in 1996. </doc> <doc id="2339828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339828" title="Stade François Coty"> Stade François Coty The Stade François Coty is a football stadium in the Corsican city of Ajaccio, France, and the home of AC Ajaccio. Its capacity is 10,660. The stadium was inaugurated on 1 December 1969 under the name Parc des Sports de l'ACA. A crowd of 14,421 was in attendance to see AC Ajaccio defeat SC Bastia in the Corsican derby. Known informally as Timizzolu, the stadium was renovated in 2002 and renamed after François Coty, a businessman and far-right politician from Ajaccio. Since 2007, the stadium has undergone substantial improvements to enable it to host Ligue 1 matches. </doc> <doc id="2339835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339835" title="Musoma"> Musoma Musoma a city in north west of Tanzania. It is the capital of Mara Region, one of the administrative Regions of Tanzania. It also serves as the administrative centre of Musoma Rural District and Musoma Urban District. The city sits on the eastern edge of Lake Victoria, close to the International borders of Tanzania with Kenya and Uganda. Musoma is located approximately , directly south of the geographical point where the borders of the three East African countries intersect. The town is located approximately , by road, northeast of Mwanza, the nearest large city. Musoma lies approximately , by road, northwest of Arusha, the location of the headquarters of the East African Community. The coordinates of Musoma are:1° 30' 0.00"S, 33° 48' 0.00"E (Latitude:-1.5000; Longitude:33.8000). The name Musoma comes from the word Omusoma which means, " a spit". The name refers to Musoma's many spits pointing into the surrounding Lake Victoria. Among the current resident ethnic groups of Mara, the site that later developed into the town of Musoma was first settled by the Kurya subtribe of Abhakabhwa, commonly called Wakabwa. They also gave the name to the location. Hence, Musoma originates from the Kabwa word 'Omusoma', which actually means a piece of land that protrudes into the Lake, essentially, a peninsula. All the kingdoms in Mara, which are actually sub-kingdoms of people with a common ancestry use the word 'Omusoma' (for the Wakabwa, as well as the Wajita and the closely related sub tribes of Wakwaya, Waruri, Wakara, and Wakerewe) and 'Omosoma' (for the many Kurianic sub-tribes such as Abhakerobha - commonly called Wakiroba; Wasimbiti, Wakenye, nk.). The full name is actually "Omosoma (or 'Omusoma') ghwa Nyabhamba". Musoma was hotly contested and witnessed many intra-ethnic wars, particularly between the Wakabwa and their kins, the Wakiroba - who were second to arrive in the location after the Wakabwa. The Wakabwa brought in their allies, the non-Bantu Luo and were on the tip of winning the war. The Wakiroba turned to their allies, the Wakwaya but were still heading for defeat. Seeing the situation worsen, the Wakwaya and Wakiroba sought support from the Germans, who at that time had arrived in Mwanza but not yet conquered present day Mara. It was under severe attacks by the German Canons that the Wakabwa and their allies the Luo could be defeated and chased away from the area. A legacy of this war are several mass graves just outside Musoma, particularly in Nyabhange (now commonly called Nyabangi) in Kiroba Land. From that time on, the Wakiroba and Wakwaya became resident neighbors of Musoma, dominating its population for a very long time. Now Musoma is significantly cosmopolitan. The first headquarters of the occupying Germans was established in Nyabangi, but - just like in the case of Bagamoyo on the Indian Ocean Coast, which was the first Capital of 'German East Africa' - it was abandoned due to shallow waters that made an unsuitable location for a harbour. Musoma became the new capital. Today, the old German 'Boma' is testimony to this history of Musoma. The town is situated in a heavily indented bay. The Mara River, after which the administrative region of Mara Region is named, flows into Lake Victoria, in nearby Kirumi in Kiroba/Simbiti Land. Musoma has produced many famous Tanzanians. Mwalimu Julius Kambarage Nyerere, the father of the nation and "" leader of its people from 1954 when he became Chairman of Tanganyika African National Union (TANU), attended Mwisenge Primary School in Musoma. So did Justice Joseph Sinde Warioba, the country's former Prime Minister and Vice President. In fact the student list of Mwisenge reads like a 'who is who' in Tanzania's first Republic: Joseph Warioba Butiku, Col. Selemani Kitundu, Moses Mang'ombe, and others.Other senior politicians from Mara include late Bhoke Munanka, Stephen Wassira, late Abel Mwanga, Makongoro Nyerere, Nimrod Mkono, Dr.Steven Kebwe, Shyrose Bhanji,Prof Sospeter Muhongo, Vedastus Matayo Manynyi, Gaudencia Kabaka and Athony Mtaka . Mara has also produced many top rank military leaders of the country, including three Chiefs of Defence Forces: Generals David Musuguri, Late Ernest Kyaro, and George Waitara. Other generals from Mara include Late Maj. General Mwita Marwa, Brg. Gen Christopher Gimonge, and Lt. Gen Sylvester Ryoba, Late Col. Dr M M Nsimba and Lt. Col. Dr. Josiah Mekere. A list of retired Ambassadors who hail from Mara include late James Ndobho, Nimrod Lugoe and Charles Nyirabu (late) and Ambassador Joshua Opanga. Also on the list of notable retired Ambassadors to hail from Mara Region are the former lecturer at the University of Dar es Salaam, Ambassador Dr. Marwa Mwita Matiko (now Advocate of the High Court of Tanzania), Ambassador Mrs Nyasugara Kadege, Ambassador Dr. James Nzagi and Ambassador Professor Joram Mukama Biswaro who is now AU Chairperson's Representative in South Sudan. Mara has also produced several top notch academics. The list of senior academicians from Mara include: Prof Dominic Kamabarage the Vice Chancelor for Mwalimu Julius Nyerere University of Agriculture and Technology, Prof Majura Selekwa who heads the Mechatronics and Robotics Laboratories at North Dakota State University in USA, Transportation Engineering Professor Deo Chimba of Tennessee State University in USA, Professor Thobias Sando of University of North Florida, Economics professor Samuel Mwita Wangwe, Professor Lloyd M. Binagi, Professor Kohi, Professor Bwatondi, Professor Mohabe Nyirabu and the late Professor Paul Masyenene Biswalo, Professor Sarungi, Professor Daudi Mukangara, Professor Julius Nyang'oro and Professor Sospeter Muhongo, Tanzania's first professor of Geology. Prof. Muhongo is now a minister, Dr Nyankomo Wambura Marwa a Senior Lecturer and Development Finance scholar at the University of Stellenbosch Business School in South Africa and Herbert Smith Center for Technology Management and Entrepreneurship at the University of New Brunswick Canada. Francis Shasha Matambalya, Tanzania's first indigenous professor of international trade was also born in Musoma. He is a scholar of international repute in his area of specialization. Professor Ibrahim Hamis Juma, Tanzania's current Chief Justice also hails from Musoma. Mara has also produced several chemists such as Abdallah A. Kalimbika, Emmanuel Marwa, Peter Musiba, Magori Nyangi and Robert Christopher. Also Geologist Christopher Mkono, Botanist and Senior Lecturer Nyatwere Donasian Mganga hail from Mara. Other important people to hail from Mara are Alphayo Kidata, Head of TRA, Dr Samwel Nyantahe of CTI, Musiba Masamba the Meteorologist of Tanzania Meteorological Agency, Dr.Ayub Ryoba of TBC and Esther Matiko the Tarime Urban MP. Mara has also produced several top-notch athletes: Footballer Mohammed Bakari Tall (Simba and National Team), footballer Mbwana Samata (Simba, TP Mazembe, and National Team; winner of the African Footbal Champions League with TP Mazembe), footballer Amir Kiemba (Simba and National Team, footballer Ally Mchumira (The Young Africans 'Yanga' and National Team), the Isangura Brothers (boxing, Olympians, and Commonwealth Games Medal Winners), the late Bhoke Matambalya (Jeshi Stars and national teams, ladies basketball and netball), the late Feada Faru (Jeshi Stars and national teams, ladies basketball and netball)and Late Sulusi (National athletics), Late Samuel Mahesa (JKT & Jeshi Stars Basketball and National Team). Mara has also produced several successful business people in Tanzania and East Africa. Probably the most popular of them is industrialist Mwita Gachuma, who possesses several factories in Mwanza. He is also a hotelier. Others include Mr. Vedastus Manyinyi Mathayo who is also a businessman of remarkable stature, numbering among the few local billionaires in Tanzania who hail from Mara.Also there are emerging international social entrepreneurs like Dr Nyankomo Wambura Marwa under his Canadian flagship company of Matumaini Capital Inc. Source: Masimulizi ya Historia ya Watu wa Mara. Mara Elders Meetings. The 2002 national census put the population of Musoma at 104,851. The 2012 Census showed a population of 134,327. Tanzania's founding leader, President Julius Kambarage Nyerere and Tanzania's former Prime Minister, Joseph Sinde Warioba, both attended Mwisenge Middle School in Musoma. The politician and ambassador Paul Bomani was born in Musoma in 1925. Musoma is home to the Wakiroba subtribe of the Kuria, and to the Kwaya subtribe that is closely related with Wajita, Waruri, Wasimbiti and Wakara. It is also home to the Wajita, Waruri,Wakara, all Kuria sub tribes (including the Wazanaki and Waikizu), and the Luo, among others. Over time, several ethnic groups from other parts of Tanzania and East Africa have chosen Musoma as their home. Altogether more than 12 ethnic groups live in Musoma. Many people in Musoma are engaged in fishing Nile perch from the lake, or own and run small businesses, or are simply employed in the public sector or private sector (both formal and informal). Those living in Musoma Rural District are also Pastoralists, and many grow cotton as a cash crop. There are plans underway to construct a railway line from the port of Tanga on the Indian Ocean, through Arusha, around Serengeti National Park to Musoma. From Musoma, goods will be transferred to barges and transported over Lake Victoria, to Port Bell in Kampala. The project is a joint venture between the governments of Tanzania and Uganda and is expected to cost about US$1.9 billion. The city is also served by Musoma Airport. </doc> <doc id="2339837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339837" title="Ultraman Leo"> Ultraman Leo Ultraman Leo comes from Nebula L77 (Leo constellation), and takes the human form of Gen Ohtori. Ultraseven appears to fight a new foe, Alien Magma and his two "pets", the Red and Black Gillas. Ultimately, Ultraseven is greatly overpowered and his leg is graphically broken by Black Gillas. Ultraman Leo drives off the foes, but Ultraseven is confined to his human form because of his injuries and due to the Ultraeye being damaged when he attempted to transform. Dan then maintains his role as Captain of MAC (Monster Attack Crew). Gen is a gymnastics teacher on the side and joins MAC to defend the Earth. Gen and Dan regularly train together, allowing Ultraman Leo to learn many moves in human form. In episode 34, Dan asks Ultraman Jack to take the Ultraeye back to M78 to be restored while he heals on Earth. However, in Episode 40 MAC is destroyed by Silver Bloom, a saucer monster that belongs to Commander Black. During the attack Dan asks Leo to keep defending the Earth and disappears in the conflagration. It is later shown that he was taken back to M78 to be fully healed and restored as Ultraseven. Gen is now unemployed and spends most of his time training the kids to defend themselves as well as defending the Earth as Ultraman Leo. Commander Black and alien bunyo captures Gen when he cannot transform completely. Gen as Leo is then dismembered, only to be brought back to life by Ultraman King. Leo would face Black's final monster, Black End, with the kids he trained, the latter of whom kill Black, and hand the sphere used to control Black End to Leo. Finishing his mission, Gen removes his Leo Ring and sets off to tour Earth, his "second home". Astra (アストラ Asutora) is the younger brother of Ultraman Leo. He came to earth after learning that Leo had survived the destruction of their home planet Nebula L-77 and appeared several times in the series, assisting him several times when the odds were stacked against Leo. Astra came from the desert Nebula L77 of the Leo constellation. After the destruction of L77 by the Alien Magma, Leo, Astra, and Leo's pet monster Ron were the last survivors, but Leo thought he was the last of his kind. As Leo and Ron landed on Earth, Astra was captured and held prisoner by the Alien Magma until he was eventually rescued by Ultraman King. After Ultraman King told him of Leo's survival, Astra headed for Earth and rescued his brother during a battle against Garon and Littre. Ever since Astra has saved Leo against several different aliens over the months that were too powerful for Leo to defeat himself. At one point Alien Babalou froze Astra in a special type of ice in space and took his identity as he stole the Ultra Key. After Ultraman King revealed Babalou for what he was, Leo saved Astra from his icy imprisonment, defeated Babalou, gave back the Ultra Key, and the two brothers became the first Ultra Brothers that were born outside of Nebula M78. Astra continued to help Leo after helping him destroy the Saucer Monster, Hangler. Even though Astra is the least active of the Ultra Brothers in the new series Ultraman Mebius, he is present during the series finale, assisting his brother Leo using the Ultra Double Flasher in destroying the coating that was surrounding the sun. Later on, Astra appeared in the film "", watching over Ultraman Zero’s training with Ultraman Leo. When Seven’s eye slugger was sent as an S.O.S., Ultraman King sent Zero to the battle, followed shortly by Leo and Astra. When they arrived, Zero had already defeated Belial and blasted him into a river of molten magma. However no sooner had they arrived, when the spirits of 100 monsters started to flow towards Belial and formed Beryudora. Leo and Astra then did their combo attack while everyone else attacked Beryudora on their own until Zero finished him off. Astra and Leo then returned to the Land of Light with the others. Astra also reappeared in the movie "". A space patrol team dedicated to protecting spaceships and defending the Earth against invasion from outer space. Unlike previous teams, the membership changes with alarming frequency when people are killed off or disappear. This has the effect of making MAC one of the most realistic groups. Bases in geosynchronous orbit over the North and South America, Africa, Northern Europe, and Asia (Japan of course). The 100 members of MAC Asia is led by Dan Moroboshi, the human form of Ultraseven (an Ultraman as a captain is another first) and also has the distinction of being the only Ultra support team to completely annihilated (episode 40). There are two gender-specific uniforms and three logo designs. MAC supports Ultraman Leo. Similar to ZAT before it, MAC has Mecha that are outlandish. Besides the Shōwa period Ultraman Leo series, Ultraman Leo's popularity and fighting ability enabled him to make guest appearances in the following Ultra Series after the end of the original TV series. In Thailand, Ultraman Leo first aired in 1995 on IBC7 (now called TrueVisions). </doc> <doc id="2339838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339838" title="Babati District"> Babati District Babati Rural District is a district of Manyara Region of Tanzania, East Africa. The administrative capital of the district is Babati town, south of Arusha. The district covers an area of , a large proportion (640 km) of which is covered by the water bodies of Lake Babati, Lake Burunge and Lake Manyara. The district is bordered to the north by Arusha Region, to the south east by Simanjiro District, to the south by Dodoma Region, to the south west by Hanang District, and to the north west by Mbulu District. Babati Urban District is located within the district. Babati District was established by dividing the then Hanang District into two districts - Babati and Hanang. The decision produced Babati District, which was officially documented in the Government Official Gazette No. 403 on 1 October 1985. Babati District became autonomous in July 1986 as a District Council. According to the 2002 Tanzania National Census, the population of the Babati District was 303,013. The District Commissioner of Babati District is Hadija R.R. Nyembo. Babati District is located below the Equator between latitude 3° and 4° South and longitude 35° and 36° E. The land surface is characterized by a number of undulating hills and mountains as part of the East African Rift Valley Highlands. Babati District is divided by the Dabil-Dareda escarpment of the Rift Valley, providing diverse climatic and agro-ecological conditions due to a wide range of altitudes from 950 m asl. to 2450 m asl. Most of the soils are of volcanic origin and range from sand loam to clay alluvial soils. In the lower flat lands, like around Lakes Babati and Manyara, alkaline soils predominate. Five agro-ecological zones characterize the district. About 90% of the population of Babati District live in the rural areas and depend on agriculture and livestock for their livelihood. They are mostly small-scale farmers or agro-pastoralists practicing a semi-traditional farming system characterized by low use of farm inputs. Mixed crop-livestock, mostly maize-based systems are widely found in the district that are intercropped with varying species, such as common beans, pigeon peas and sunflowers, according to altitude and rainfall availability. In the lowlands, paddy rice is cultivated where irrigation is available. Livestock comprise local breeds of cattle, sheep, goats, chickens and pigs. Cattle are widely used for draught, for example pulling carts or ploughing fields. Only 44% out of the 96 villages have health facilities, such as dispensaries or health centers, whereas the other villages are covered by mobile and outreach services, especially for mother and child care/services. Babati District is administratively divided into 4 divisions, 21 wards and 96 villages. Babati, Gorowa, Mbugwe and Bashnet. The 21 wards are: </doc> <doc id="2339839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339839" title="Autumn in My Heart"> Autumn in My Heart Autumn in My Heart (; also known as Autumn Fairy Tale or Autumn Tale) is a 2000 South Korean romantic television drama, starring Song Seung-heon, Song Hye-kyo and Won Bin. The series is the first installment of season-themed tetralogy "Endless Love" drama series directed by Yoon Seok-ho. It aired on KBS2 from September 18 to November 7, 2000, on Mondays and Tuesdays for 16 episodes. The series was very successful in South Korea, averaging viewership ratings of 38.6% and reaching a peak viewership of 46.1%. It is considered a pioneer in Korean melodramatic series, launching a fever that is commonly referred to as the "Korean Wave". Tours of sites in Korea related to the show have been developed following its success. The story begins with toddler Yoon Joon-suh, accidentally causing the switch of his sister and another baby when he drops the name cards on the two babies' cribs in the hospital's baby room. A nurse who comes in puts the name cards back incorrectly. The story then jumps forward to the teenage years of the two main characters: Yoon Eun-suh (Moon Geun-young) and Yoon Joon-suh (Choi Woo-hyuk). Eun-suh is the most popular girl in class, which incites the jealousy of her rival, Choi Shin-ae (Lee Ae-jung). Shin-ae is smart but does not get the attention she craves from the teacher and her classmates. When Eun-suh gets hit by a truck and needs a blood transfusion, it is found out that she is not the Yoons' biological daughter. She instead belongs to the Chois. Choi Shin-ae is also discovered to not be the Choi's biological daughter, but the Yoons'. In the end, the two daughters return to their original birth parents. Shin-ae moves in with the Yoon family, and Eun-suh moves in with Mrs. Choi, (her biological father is dead) who operates a small restaurant living in abject poverty. Their situations are now reversed. Shin-ae is the more popular girl in class and Eun-suh is the one ignored. Shortly after the switch, the Yoon family moves to the United States and Eun-suh loses touch with them. Ten years later, Joon-suh (Song Seung-heon) returns to South Korea as a successful artist. He goes back to his hometown. He encounters his old friend, Han Tae-seok (Won Bin), who stays at the hotel where Eun-suh (Song Hye-kyo) works as a telephone receptionist. Tae-seok, (who doesn't know about the brother and sister mix-up) falls in love with Eun-suh and manipulates her until she is fired from her job. One day Eun-suh sees Joon-suh and follows him to the beach where he is with his fiancée Yumi (Han Na-na) and Tae-seok. The two "siblings" finally meet again after ten years. Eun-suh and Joon-suh appears to have a sibling relationship in front of the others, but they meet each other secretly and fall in love even though she always refers to him as "oppa" (older brother). Shin-ae (Han Chae-young) finds out about their relationship and exposes the two after she finds a love letter Eun-suh wrote to Joon-suh. The two decide to stay together, but are soon forced apart again because their parents are against the union. Yumi hurts herself and blackmails Joon-suh with suicide to hold on to him. As a fight between Joon-suh and Tae-seok erupts over their love for Eun-suh, she discovers she has leukemia (the same fatal condition that killed her biological father). She doesn't tell anyone except Tae-seok, who offers to pay for her treatment. When her health deteriorates, the others begin finding out the extent of her condition. Eun-suh soon falls into a coma. Joon-suh finds out about Eun-suh's health and reacts with shock and fear, while Tae-seok forces Joon-suh to try to wake up Eun-suh. Eventually, Eun-suh wakes up, but is too weak to follow the treatment. When it is clear that there is no hope, Joon-suh takes her home so she can spend her last days with him. At this point, Yumi finally lets go of Joon-suh. Joon-suh proposes to Eun-suh and they get married. Eun-suh dies as Joon-suh carries her around the beach where they spent her birthday as teenagers. Before Eun-suh dies, she tells Joon-suh to move on and continue living. However, Joon-suh, dazed and grief-stricken by the death of his love, is struck by a truck in the same place as Eun-suh's accident during her teenage years. Whether he lives or dies is unknown. The 13-track soundtrack for "Autumn in My Heart" includes Jung Il-young's heartfelt ballads "Reason", "Prayer" and "In My Dream" as well as the main flute theme and the guitar and piano versions of some of the songs. "Romance", also known as "Forbidden Love" is a classic piece used for this soundtrack. It comes from a famous work of unknown authorship "Spanish Romance". A song played during emotional scenes, but excluded from the soundtrack, was "Return to Love" by Kevin Kern. The series has been broadcast in several countries, including Singapore in 2001, Indonesia in 2002, the Philippines in 2003 and Sri Lanka and Mexico in 2007. In the Philippines it was re-broadcast multiple times and received a peak viewership rating of 39.7% in 2003, placing it among the top ten highest rated Asian dramas to air in the country. It also aired in Mongolia, Malaysia, Nepal, Puerto Rico, Egypt, Peru, Thailand, Vietnam (VTV1) and Hong Kong. The South Korean Ministry of Culture and Tourism worked with KBS (the Korean Broadcasting System, the equivalent to the BBC in the UK) to export Winter Sonata to markets such as Egypt. However, the success of South Korean TV dramas in Egypt started with a drama, Autumn Story (2000), which was a hit before the ministry's promotion campaign. Japanese fan reaction to the same shows also started well before the South Korean government jumped on the bandwagon. </doc> <doc id="2339856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339856" title="Yellow River Cantata"> Yellow River Cantata The Yellow River Cantata () is a cantata by Chinese composer Sinn Sing Hoi (1905–1945). Composed in Yan'an in early 1939 during the Second Sino-Japanese War, the work was inspired by a patriotic poem by Guang Weiran, which was also adapted as the lyrics. Premiered on April 13 of the same year in the Shanbei Gongxue Hall of Yan'an, the work soon spread to all parts of China. According to official accounts by the Communist Party of China, after the Chinese city of Wuhan fell to Japanese invaders in November 1938, the poet Guang Weiran led the 3rd Squad of the Anti-Enemy Troupe across the Yellow River near the Hukou Waterfall and eastwards into the communist anti-Japanese headquarters in Lüliang Mountains. During his journey, he witnessed the local boatmen battle against heavy gales and torrential waves, and heard their spirit-lifting songs. Upon reaching Yan'an in January 1939, Guang wrote a patriotic poem entitled "Yellow River" and recited it during the Chinese New Year celebration. The poem spoke of the oppression of Chinese people under the invaders and called for all to take up arms to defend China. Sinn Sing Hoi, who received his education at the Conservatoire de Paris and returned to China in 1935, was also present at the recital. He went on to write a cantata based on the poem. According to an account by Xian's daughter, he began work on the composition on March 26, and took merely four days to complete all eight movements. However, he was not satisfied with the Second and Sixth, which he took two more days to amend. Two weeks later, the cantata premiered in the Shanbei Gongxue Hall in Yan'an, performed by a forty-strong choir and a primitive orchestra conducted by Wu Xiling. It soon spread to many parts of China to inspire its listeners to participate in the Anti-Japanese War. The "Yellow River Cantata" laid the ground for Chinese contemporary large-scaled vocal music composition. In the late 1960s, it was adapted into a piano concerto entitled the "Yellow River Piano Concerto" by the pianist Yin Chengzong. This arrangement, together with the violin concerto "Liang Zhu" by He Zhanhao and Chen Gang, are the two best internationally known musical works that combined source materials that are purely Chinese with Western music methodology. There are altogether four different versions of the "Yellow River Cantata" that had been performed in public. The first was the initial composition by Sinn Sing Hoi while in Yan'an. Accommodations were made for the lack of musical instruments at that time, as the orchestra consisted of only the violin, Chinese flute, harmonica, sanxian, erhu and dahu, along with a few percussion instruments. A year after Xian departed for the Soviet Union in 1940, he amended his composition for performance by a fully equipped Western orchestra, aided by a few Chinese ethnic instruments. He also made some amendments to the choral arrangement. In addition, a prologue was added, increasing the number of movements to nine. The third and fourth revisions were respectively made by Xian's students, Li Huanzhi and Yan Liangkun. Li simplified the "Soviet" version for performance by the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, while Yan incorporated the prologue into the first movement to return the cantata to its initial arrangement of eight movements for performance by the Central Orchestra during the 1980s. Yan also made heavy amendments to the Third Movement, "Water of the Yellow River comes from Heaven", such that the new melody was vastly different from the original. This last revision became the most played and heard version today. The current arrangement of the "Yellow River Cantata" contains eight movements. However, most performances only use seven, omitting the third. The cantata is meant to be performed by a full western orchestra with some Chinese instruments, and a full SATB choir. Soloists include a bass in the second movement, a tenor and baritone in the fifth, and a soprano in the sixth. There is also a male speaker, who recites various political exhortations at the beginning of each movement. </doc> <doc id="2339863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339863" title="Aminidivi"> Aminidivi The Aminidivi Islands, are one of the three island subgroups in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, India. It is the northern group of the Lakshadweep, separated from the Laccadive Islands subgroup roughly by the 11th parallel north. The total land area of the group is 9.26 km². Formerly the Union Territory was known as Laccadive, Minicoy, and Amindivi Islands, a name that was changed to Lakshadweep by an act of Parliament in 1973. The Aminidivi group forms a taluka or subdivision. The islands of Amini, Kiltan, Chetlat, Kadmat and Bitra are inhabited. The population numbered 18,876 at the 2001 census and Islam is the main religion of the islanders. Aminidivi has the highest recorded rainfall in India in a 24-hour period, at 1,168 mm on 2004-05-06. Aminidivi consists of atolls with islands, three reefs or atolls with only unvegetated sand cays above the high water mark, and four submerged banks. In addition, there is the island that gives its name to the group, Amini, which is located at at the northwestern end of Pitti Bank, a largely sunken atoll. The islands were inhabited from ancient times by people of nearby Kerala to which were added later people of Arab descent. Vasco da Gama visited these islands around 1498. In the mid 16th century all the inhabited islands of the Lakshadweep were conferred as "jagir" on the ruling family of the Cannanore Kingdom (Arakkal Kingdom) by the Chirakkal or Kolattiri Raja in order to grant protection from the Portuguese. In the latter quarter of the 18th century the islands of the Amindivi group of the Lakshadweep revolted owing to the rigours of the enforcement of the monopoly of coir rope trade. Following the uprising, the northern islands put themselves under the rule of the Kingdom of Mysore in 1784, then ruled by Tippu Sultan. The southern group of the Cannanore Islands, however, remained loyal to the Arakkal Kingdom. In 1792, as a consequence of the Third Anglo-Mysore War and the defeat of Tippu Sultan, the Amindivi Islands came under the East India Company rule following the treaty of Srirangapatna. The Amindivi subgroup was then attached to the South Canara collectorate of the Madras Presidency of the British Raj in 1799, hence they also became known as the South Kanara Islands. </doc> <doc id="2339869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339869" title="Atlas Telecom"> Atlas Telecom Atlas Telecom is a worldwide communications company founded in France but currently based in Bermuda. It is a branch of Atlas Group. One of its largest divisions is Atlas Telecom Network Romania, which is a telephony provider and ISP in Romania. </doc> <doc id="2339870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339870" title="Siemens Brothers"> Siemens Brothers Siemens Brothers and Company Limited was an electrical engineering design and manufacturing business in London, England. It was first established as a branch in 1858 by a brother of the founder of the German electrical engineering firm Siemens & Halske. The principal works were at Woolwich where cables and light-current electrical apparatus were produced from 1863 until 1968. The site between the Thames Barrier and Woolwich Dockyard has retained several buildings of historic interest. New works were built at Stafford in 1903 and Dalston in 1908. During World War I Siemens Brothers was bought by a British consortium because most of its ownership was in the hands of enemy aliens. Siemens Brothers and Company Limited was bought by Associated Electrical Industries in 1955. At that time its business was described as follows: manufacture sale and installation of submarine and land cables, overhead telegraph, telephone and power transmission lines, public and private telephone exchanges and carrier transmission equipment for telephone lines and marine radio and signalling equipment. Through subsidiaries it was engaged in the manufacture of lamps of all kinds, miscellaneous electrical equipment and electrical railway signals. The German Siemens brothers came from a highly educated upper-middle-class family in relatively humble economic circumstances. Their father farmed a leased estate. The elder brothers of the family were born in the Kingdom of Hanover. In 1823, the year William (Wilhelm) was born, the family moved to the Baltic coast, near Lübeck. Both parents had died by the time William was 17. Profit distribution between the brothers, it reflects contribution not just ownership. On 1 October 1858, the German firm Siemens & Halske established an English firm, Siemens & Halske & Company, a partnership of William Siemens, cable manufacturer R S Newall of Gateshead and Siemens & Halske of Berlin. Its purpose was to help lay Newall's newly developed submarine communications cable. The London branch was under the control of William, later Sir William Siemens, formerly known as Carl Wilhelm Siemens (1823–1883). Hanover-born Sir William went to England in 1843 to sell a patent he shared with his brother Werner. He found employment in Birmingham with engineers Fox, Henderson & Co and became a naturalised British subject in 1859, the same day as he married the daughter of an Edinburgh lawyer. Her brother was Lewis Gordon business partner of R S Newall. During the 1850s Sir William developed the Siemens regenerative furnace. Following various failures in Newall's installed cables the link with them was dropped at the end of 1860. In 1865 Johann Georg Halske, partner in Siemens & Halske, withdrew from the English branch following failures in the London firm's work so then it became Siemens Brothers. Siemens Brothers Telegraph Works opened as a new cable factory in Woolwich, London in 1863. It expanded to cover over 6 acres and employed more than 2,000 people. In 1869 the London and Berlin firms jointly made and laid a telegraph line from Prussia to Teheran which formed a principal part of the direct line from England to India, 2,750 miles. Principal cables made and laid by Siemens Brothers between 1873 and 1883: The construction and laying of cables remained the firm's main occupation until Sir William's death in 1883. Following his death shares were offered, somewhat unwillingly, to London manager Johann Carl Ludwig Loeffler (1831–1906) to retain his services. He managed to increase his holding to 25% but there were disagreements as to how the firm was run and Alexander Siemens, William's adopted son, replaced Loeffler in 1888. Werner bought Loeffler's shareholding. Loeffler died in the Tyrol 18 years later leaving an estate in excess of £1.5 million, he was a prominent investor in West Australian mines. The invention of the dynamo in 1867 led to a switch from Siemens' previous strength in light-current products to heavy-current products and processes. The world's first modern high-voltage power station was opened in 1891, Deptford East. Designed in 1887 by 23-year-old former Siemens' apprentice Sebastian de Ferranti it was erected by the London Electricity Supply Corporation on the Thames bank at Deptford Creek, two and a half miles west of Siemens' Woolwich site. Berlin was anxious that the London business should break its reliance on the submarine cable business. The London County Council discouraged that kind of development and after considering other locations Stafford was settled on. 500 acres of freehold land were purchased there in 1900 and building began in 1901. Following the invention of the arc lamps, their manufacture was taken up by Siemens Brothers. In December 1880 a limited liability company was formed to own the firm and it was named Siemens Brothers and Company Limited. There were just seven shareholders, the legal minimum. All except Loeffler were family members. William was chairman and Loeffler managing director. In 1899, the Siemens family bought back all shares not held by family members. By 1900 Siemens Brothers had constructed and laid seven North Atlantic cables In 1903, with Nuremberg's Elektrizitäts-Aktiengesellschaft vormals Schuckert & Co or E.-AG, they formed a new entity, Siemens-Schuckertwerke, to hold all their jointly-owned heavy-current operations. The first step in England was to build a new factory in Stafford for heavy-current business. In 1906 Siemens-Schuckertwerke leased the Stafford factory, formed a company to operate it and called the company Siemens Brothers Dynamo Works Limited. In November 1919 it was announced by English Electric that they had bought the Siemens works at Stafford (Siemens Brothers Dynamo Works Limited and its attendant sales and engineering organisation) and had entered into "a working agreement with Siemens Brothers and Co for the preferential exchange of the special products of each company". In 1908, Siemens Brothers Dynamo Works Limited opened a metal filament lamp factory in rented premises at Tyssen Street, Dalston, London. In 1919 its capacity was 2.5 million lamps per annum but advances in technology left its products unwanted and the Dalston factory closed in 1923. In 1911 the company was doing well and several new buildings went up at the Woolwich site. An L-shaped five-storey building, used for making rubber-coated copper-wire cable, was among the largest factories in London when built. Also in 1911, a new office building went up in the same plain brick style. Just before World War I, Siemens had more employees in Britain than in Germany (around 10,000). Under the Trading with the Enemy Act 1914 foreign ownership was transferred to UK's Public Trustee. Following a 1916 amendment to that act tenders were called for. The amendment required enemy assets to be sold and the proceeds held by the same trustee until the end of hostilities. Siemens Brothers and Company was bought by Messrs C Birch Crisp and Co on 14 December 1917. Financier Charles Birch Crisp was leading a consortium of investors who were not connected with the electrical engineering industry. In 1920 it was reported the land and buildings at Woolwich now covered about seventeen and a half acres. Cables manufactured—the catalogue grew to include underground super-tension power mains, telegraph trunk lines and underground telephone cables, overhead lines and electric light cables. Apparatus manufactured—grew from telegraph apparatus to include: marine and mine signalling apparatus, measuring and scientific instruments, wireless telegraphy, telephone exchanges (manual and automatic) and apparatus, wet and dry batteries, landlines, ebonite, cable accessories and joint boxes A 15% shareholding belonging to Siemens & Halske was transferred to the Custodian of Enemy Property. Siemens Brothers coverage of the whole field of telecommunications meant the volume and range of their wartime supply of cables and apparatus was enormous extending to the manufacture of radar equipment. The Woolwich factory was severely bombed (27 air raids were aimed at the plant) and many buildings were destroyed or damaged. Shortly before the war, the workforce numbered over 9,000. During the war it fell to around 7,000. After the war Siemens Brothers joined with Metropolitan-Vickers Electrical Company to further develop radar for ships. One of the many critical components of World War II's Operation Overlord was to ensure a steady supply of fuel to the Allied forces. Operation Pluto (PipeLine Under The Ocean) was facilitated by Mr A C Hartley, chief engineer of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, who suggested to Siemens Brothers that a submarine cable might be modified to carry petrol below the channel to France. Siemens Brothers' experience with gas pressure cables lead to their design manufacture and trial (under the Thames) of what became PLUTO. PLUTO delivered more than a million gallons of petrol from England to France each day. The sheer size of the structure required the involvement of many other companies in manufacture of individual lengths. PLUTO's code name was HAIS—Hartley, Anglo-Iranian, Siemens. Despite rationalization and further investment, the layout and age of the Woolwich works stood in the way of new production methods. After the AEI take-over, the Woolwich factory principally produced Strowger telephone exchanges for the General Post Office. After these became more and more obsolete, GEC's chairman Sir Arnold Weinstock was unwilling to invest in modernisation of the Woolwich plant. Early in 1968 the Woolwich works, where at the time 6,000 were employed, closed. This happened one year after the closure of the Royal Ordnance Factory in the Royal Arsenal, by far the largest employer in Woolwich, followed by Siemens. It caused large-scale unemployment in the area and decades of economic and social hardship. At the Woolwich site, which once covered thirty-five acres, several buildings testify of a rich industrial heritage. Several buildings were destroyed or severely damaged by bombs in World War II, including the oldest building of 1863-65. A range of two- and three-storey buildings from the 1870s, 80s and 90s stands on the north side of Bowater Road. The western section of 1871 and 1873 is largely derelict. The central section was rebuilt after war damage, the eastern section has been renovated. The latter sections are now part of London's largest complex of artists' studios, Thames-Side Studios. On the other side of Bowater Road several five-storey brick buildings of 1911, 1926 and 1942 have survived, along with a largely concrete building of 1937. Near the Thames Barrier is the 1946 marine radio school, a joint venture by Siemens Brothers with Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Co. Ltd., providing training in the use of radar and radio equipment. </doc> <doc id="2339883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339883" title="Yasemin Horasan"> Yasemin Horasan Yasemin Horasan (born August 1, 1983) is a Turkish professional basketball player of Fenerbahçe. Horasan played in the season 2002–2003 for Beşiktaş J.K. and was elected Most Valuable Player of Turkish Women's Basketball League including all domestic and foreign players. To improve her technique, she was sent by her club to IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, U.S., the best-known multi-sport training facility in the world. Horasan was member of the team participated at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería, Spain, which won gold medal. She won the Turkish women's championship with Beşiktaş in 2004–2005. </doc> <doc id="2339890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339890" title="Drac (river)"> Drac (river) The Drac is a long river in southeastern France. It is a left tributary of the river Isère. It is formed at the confluence of the "Drac Noir" and the "Drac Blanc", which both rise in the southern part of the Massif des Écrins, high in the French Alps. It flows through several reservoirs on its course, including the Lac de Monteynard-Avignonet. It flows into the Isère at Grenoble. Its major tributary is the Romanche. The Drac flows through the following departments and towns: The average flow of the Drac at Fontaine is , with the highest monthly flows occurring in June, due to the melting of Alpine glaciers. The catchment area of the river is , which has an average rainfall of . The name "Drac", originally the "Drau", is due to an attraction by the Occitan "drac" "imp", which is derived from the Latin dracō, meaning "Dragon". It is documented in the forms of Dracum (v. 1100), Dravus (1289) and the ribière dou Drau (1545). The word "Drac" means Dragon. In many legends the drac, in Occitan, is a genius of evil waters or a form of Satan that attracts children to drown. Frédéric Mistral wrote in Félibrige Treasury: In December 1995, six children and their teacher were drowned in the river after the level of water rose due to the opening of the valves of a dam. They were there to see beavers. All of them died. </doc> <doc id="2339910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339910" title="Jet trainer"> Jet trainer A jet trainer is a jet aircraft for use as a trainer, whether for basic or advanced flight training. Jet trainers are either custom designs or modifications of existing aircraft. With the introduction of military jet-powered aircraft towards the end of the World War II it became a requirement to train pilots in the handling of such aircraft. The first generation of trainers in the 1940s were modified from existing designs like the Gloster Meteor and Lockheed T-33 but with these were followed by custom training aircraft like the Aero L-29 Delfín and the BAC Jet Provost. As training developed different air forces used jet trainers for different phases of training. Although most air forces continued to use piston or later turboprop aircraft for basic training, a number of jet trainers like the Cessna T-37 Tweet appeared for the early stages of pilot training. Pilots who were picked to fly fighter or strike aircraft then went on to fly more advanced training aircraft like the Hawker Siddeley Gnat. As the early jet-trainers became obsolete then further generations have appeared, the British using the single-engine BAe Hawk while the French ordered the Alpha Jet. In the Warsaw Pact the Aero L-39 Albatros became the standard jet trainer. As the jet trainer developed it was also used for weapon training, which led to some trainers being modified as light strike aircraft; for example, the Cessna T-37 Tweet was developed into the Cessna A-37 Dragonfly. </doc> <doc id="2339914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339914" title="Fynes Moryson"> Fynes Moryson Fynes Moryson (or Morison) (1566 – 12 February 1630) spent most of the decade of the 1590s travelling on the European continent and the eastern Mediterranean lands. He wrote about it later in his multi-volume "Itinerary", a work of value to historians as a picture of the social conditions existing in the lands he visited. Moryson was the son of Thomas Moryson, a Lincolnshire gentleman who had been member of parliament for Grimsby in Lincolnshire. Fynes Moryson was educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge, and after graduating he gained a fellowship for further study there. From May 1591 to May 1595 Moryson travelled round Continental Europe for the specific purpose of observing local customs, institutions, and economics. He took written notes. From early 1596 to mid-1597, he journeyed to Jerusalem, Tripoli, Antioch, Aleppo, Constantinople, and Crete, for the same purpose. In 1600, Moryson was appointed personal secretary to Lord Mountjoy, who was the head of government and commander-in-chief of the crown army in Ireland, then fighting against Tyrone's Rebellion. One of Moryson's brothers Sir Richard Moryson also held an upper level government appointment in Ireland. When the rebellion ended in 1603, Moryson and Mountjoy both returned to England. Moryson remained Mountjoy's secretary until Mountjoy's death in 1606. Later Moryson wrote a book about the military and government affairs of Ireland during the years when he was there with Mountjoy. In 1617, Moryson published the first three volumes of "An Itinerary: Containing His Ten Years Travel Through the Twelve Dominions of Germany, Bohemia, Switzerland, Netherland, Denmark, Poland, Italy, Turkey, France, England, Scotland and Ireland." The "Itinerary" was originally intended to consist of four or five volumes. Only three volumes were published in his lifetime, breaking off in the middle of an exposé. Moryson had to translate his texts from Latin to find a larger audience. A fourth volume, continuing the previous argument but written in English from the outset was licensed for the press in 1626. Apparently it was never printed. It is preserved in manuscript in the library of Corpus Christi College, Oxford. In 1903, the bulk of the fourth volume was transcribed by Charles Hughes and published under the title ""Shakespeare's Europe: Unpublished Chapters of Fynes Moryson's Itinerary. Being a survey of the condition of Europe at the end of the 16th century"." The volume The volumes I, III and IV of Moryson's "Itinerary" primarily cover Continental Europe and secondarily the Ottoman lands, with volume I being travel narratives from 1591 to 1598 and volumes III and IV forming a thematic "Discourse of Travelling" covering themes of geography, customs, fashion, religion and political institutions. The latter also has extensive material on customs and institutions in Ireland and more concise articles on England and Scotland and Ireland, which needed, according to the author, to be elaborated. Volume II, on the other hand, is devoted to rebellious movements in Ireland from 1599 to 1603. Sometimes Moryson is a prejudiced and unreliable informant. His biographer Charles Hughes says "he had a sane charity for all men, except Turks and Irish priests", which is another way of saying that he was prejudiced against Turks and Irish priests and is a poor source for information about them. His antipathy to Irish priests can be illustrated by a satirical verse in his "Itinerary" in which "four vile beasts" are said to afflict the Irish: lice, rats, priests, and wolves. It is believed that in this volume, it is the first time that "Merry Christmas" is found in print: ...so suddenly as his wife and eldest son were taken, and himself hardly escaped at a backe window, and naked, into the woods, where he kept a cold Christmas, while my Lord hued plentifully in his house, with such provisions as were made, for him and his Bonnaghs and kerne to keepe a merry Christmas. The first three volumes of Moryson's "Itinerary" were republished in 1907 and broken up into four physical parts. In other words, the first three volumes were physically reprinted in four volumes with retention of the conceptual division into three volumes. These are downloadable at the Internet Archive: Also the conceptual fourth volume of Moryson's "Itinerary", as published by Charles Hughes in 1903, is available from Archive.org. This volume is prefaced with a 45-page biography of Fynes Moryson written by Charles Hughes. A revised edition of the original manuscript, including the passages deleted by Hughes, was part of a 1995 Birmingham thesis. </doc> <doc id="2339918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339918" title="Sylvester Levay"> Sylvester Levay Sylvester Levay (originally Lévay Szilveszter, Serbian: Силвестер Леваи, "Silvester Levai") is a Serbian-born Hungarian recording artist and composer. Levay was born on 16 May 1945 in Subotica in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina, Yugoslavia (now Serbia). Sylvester Levay began his musical studies at the age of eight. Levay developed a taste for American music while growing up in Yugoslavia, eventually becoming a music arranger and lyricist. Upon his arrival in Munich in 1972, he met his writing partner, Michael Kunze, with whom he has created many successful theatrical works. From 1980 to 2000 he lived in Hollywood and concentrated on composing film music. He composed songs for notable artists like Elton John and Penny McLean. He was awarded with a Grammy for his 1975 song "Fly Robin Fly". In October 2010, Levay worked with Xiah Junsu of JYJ to prepare for a musical concert - "Kim Junsu Musical Concert, Levay with Friends" in South Korea to be held at Seoul's Olympic Gymnastics Arena. He currently divides his time between homes in Munich, Vienna and Los Angeles. Married for twenty-five years, he and his wife Monika have a daughter, Alice, and a son, Sylvester Jr. </doc> <doc id="2339930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339930" title="Hannes Sigurðsson"> Hannes Sigurðsson Hannes Þorsteinn Sigurðsson (born 10 April 1983) is an Icelandic football striker who is currently the playing assistant coach of Egersunds IK. Hannes started his professional career with FH Hafnarfjordur in 2000, scoring on his debut and scoring one goal in eleven matches in 2001. He moved to Norway to play for Viking FK in 2002, and although he came on as a substitute to score twice on his debut, he spent the best part of his first three seasons in Norway on the substitutes' bench. While he played in 55 matches during these three years, he only started in six of these. However, Hannes emerged as a super-sub, racking up twelve goals to make him the most efficient player in the Norwegian League with one goal every 72 minutes in 2002 and 2003. He emerged as a regular starter in 2005, when he also got his Iceland national team debut against Italy in March. In July 2005, he signed for English club Stoke City on a Bosman transfer, and he joined his new club in October 2005. He scored his only goal for Stoke in a 2–1 victory over Queens Park Rangers in March 2006. When ownership of the club changed in the Summer 2006, and Boskamp left and Tony Pulis returned to the club, Hannes was deemed surplus to requirements and was released at the end of August. On 30 August 2006 Hannes signed a deal with Danish Superliga runners-up Brøndby IF. He was a first-team regular throughout the autumn season, though injuries caused him to miss several games. He fell out of favour when manager René Meulensteen was replaced by Tom Køhlert ahead of the spring season, and Hannes looked to leave Brøndby. Hannes returned to his former club Viking in February 2007, but his registration for the Norwegian club was delayed by the FIFA ruling that a player may only represent two clubs during one year. After a lengthy appeals process, Hannes was finally cleared to play for Viking on 30 March 2007 – one day before the closure of the Norwegian transfer window. In March 2008, Hannes signed for Swedish club GIF Sundsvall, becoming the club's most expensive signing to date. Hannes was the club's top scorer in 2008, 2009 and 2010 even though he missed out on many games through injury. Following three successful years in Sweden, Hannes returned to Iceland to recover from a broken bone in his right foot that kept him sidelined for five months. He then signed a short-term contract with his parent club FH Hafnarfjordur, where he played 13 games, scoring four goals. In August 2011 Hannes joined PFC Spartak Nalchik in the Russian Premier League on a short-term contract. Hannes' style of play was not suitable for the Russian side, so his contract was not extended in January. Hannes chose to stay in Eastern Europe, and in February 2012 he signed a 1-year contract for FC Atyrau in Kazakhstan. Hannes finished the season as top scorer for the struggling FC Atyrau side and was voted as foreign player of the year by Westside.kz which is a fanclub for FC Atyrau. Hannes signed a short-term contract with Swedish club Mjallby in 2013 and a two-year contract with recently promoted Austrian Bundesliga club SV Grödig in July 2013. In 2015, he went on to SSV Jahn Regensburg. Ahead of the 2016 season he joined Norwegian third-tier side Egersunds IK as playing assistant to Maurice Ross. </doc> <doc id="2339933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339933" title="Rao Shushi"> Rao Shushi Rao Shushi (; 1903—1975) like his confederate Gao Gang, was a senior leader of the Communist Party of China (CPC), who once enjoyed great power and fame that then quickly evaporated, leaving behind many mysteries about his rise and fall. As a native of Lingchuan (灵川), Jiangxi, Rao was among the few senior leaders of early stage of CCP who received a higher education. He became educated at Shanghai University in his early days and later joined the Chinese Youth, and turned into a CCP member in 1925. Around 1928 Rao worked in the northeast of Jiangxi with central delegations of CCP. Then he was sent to Zhejiang to mobilize youth, and once was Secretary of Communism Youth League for that province. When the 1920s revolution was oppressed by Kuomintang, Rao went abroad for study in England, France and the Soviet Union for approximately a year. He went back to China and worked in northeast China in 1929, being appointed as the Secretary of Communism Youth League, once as Acting General Secretary of CCP of the northeast, as the superior of Liu Shaoqi, who was Propaganda Minister of the CCP northeast division. As Liu was so young and had been voted as Central Commissioner of CCP in the Sixth National Congress of CCP, he was the one who was most likely to get promoted as General Secretary of the northeast CCP, and Liu actually attained the position before long, which brought great threat to Rao and sowed the seeds of resentment and jealousy for several decades. Between 1930 and 1931, Rao was put in jail by Kuomintang for more than a year. After that he was released in 1932 and transferred to Shanghai to work on labor union, once as Propaganda Minister and Secretary General of Chinese State Labor Union, while his rival Liu became superior again as the Chairman of China State Labor Union. In 1935 Rao was sent to study abroad in Soviet Union again, and in 1936 to the United States and France to do alliance work with Chinese living overseas, in which he published several newspaper such as Herald, Motherland Defence Times to publicize CPC policies on alliance against Japanese. In 1939 Rao returned to China and worked in the New 4th Army, acting as Deputy General Secretary of Southeast Bureau of CPC. In 1941 when New 4th Army was attacked by Kuomintang army and lost most of its senior leaders, Rao had to work for Liu again, who was appointed as Commissar, and Rao as Acting Director of Political Department. Furthermore, the Central Committee of CPC decided to merge Southeast Bureau with Central Plain Burean into Central China Bureau, Liu as general secretary, Rao as his deputy. In 1942, Rao replaced Liu who was called back to Yan'an as Acting general secretary and Commissar of New 4th Army. In the Seventh National Congress of CPC in 1945, Rao was voted as Central Commissioner, which meant he had entered the central stage of political life of CPC, and in August of the same year, both of his acting position turned into regularity. In 1946, Rao was one of the CPC delegates to work with delegates of Kuomintang and the United States on peace talks, with rank of Lieutenant General, many of his counterparts who got rank of Colonel General and General after they defeated Kuomintang in 1949 only got rank of Major General at that time, which could indicated Rao's appeal and importance to Mao Zedong. After the outbreak of Chinese civil war, Rao held the position of Commissar of Shandong Field Army, East China Field Army and East China Military Area, which controlled troops more than 360,000. In 1948 Rao was appointed as General Secretary of East China Bureau of CPC. Although Chen Yi as Commander was No1 in East China but he only took in charge of the military, in contrast to Rao's having more influence on cadres appointment and promotion, which built his power base in East China. After the establishment of People's Republic of China in 1949, Rao held the position of Chairman of Military and Political Committee of East China besides General Secretary of East China Bureau of CPC. And in the same year, Rao, Gao Gang, Lin Biao, Peng Dehuai, Liu Bocheng were appointed respectively as the Chairman of East China, Northeast China, South Central China, Northwestern China and Southwestern China. In 1953 Rao was transferred to Beijing and got promotion as Minister of Organization Department of CPC, which was in charge of senior cadres promotion and candidate recommendation.It was said that Gao Gang who was transferred to Beijing in 1953 too, competed with Liu Shaoqi as heir to Mao Zedong, exploiting Rao's hostilities to Liu and set up ally with Rao. Unfortunately, Gao and Rao obviously underestimated Mao's fear of being a puppet and Liu's influence in the CPC. Both of them were purged in 1954 and stripped the membership of CPC in 1955. Gao Gang expressed his resistance by way of suicide in 1954, Rao was put in jail in humiliation in 1955. After ten years in jail, Rao suffered from schizophrenia. Mao showed his clemency by releasing Rao and taking Rao custody in a farm until his death in 1975. </doc> <doc id="2339943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339943" title="Tiberius Claudius Narcissus"> Tiberius Claudius Narcissus Tiberius Claudius Narcissus (fl. 1st century) was one of the freedmen who formed the core of the imperial court under the Roman emperor Claudius. He is described as "praepositus ab epistulis" (in charge of correspondence). He reportedly had great influence over the emperor and amassed a great deal of money. He is said to have conspired with Claudius's third wife Valeria Messalina to manipulate him into having several men executed, although this is unproven. However, the sources admit that Narcissus, as Claudius' own former slave, was extremely loyal to the emperor, and so entrusted with more responsibility than the others. In 43, during the preparations for the Roman conquest of Britain, he headed off a mutiny by addressing the troops. Seeing a former slave in their commander's position, they cried ""Io Saturnalia!"" (Saturnalia was a Roman festival when slaves and masters switched places for the day) and the mutiny ended. It was through his influence that the future emperor Vespasian was appointed legate of the Legio II "Augusta" in Germania. When Messalina married Gaius Silius in 48, it was Narcissus who betrayed her with Claudius, and seeing the emperor hesitate, he gave the order for her execution himself. Narcissus may have feared that Britannicus, Claudius's son with Messalina, would hold a grudge against him for this role. When the time came for the emperor to select his fourth wife, Narcissus suggested to Claudius to remarry Aelia Paetina, the emperor's second wife. Anthony Barrett suggests that Narcissus' intention was to allow Claudius reason to pick Faustus Cornelius Sulla Felix, the husband of Claudius and Aelia's daughter Claudia Antonia, as his successor rather than the hostile Britannicus. It would also have given Claudius an adult heir, for which he was looking to shore up his position. When Claudius chose Agrippina the Younger in order to consolidate the Julio-Claudian family, and picked her son, the future Emperor Nero, to fill the role of temporary older heir, Narcissus allied with Britannicus' circle in order to secure his future. Claudius still trusted Narcissus, and had him named "praetor". He was charged with overseeing the construction of a canal to drain Fucine Lake, but Agrippina, now Claudius's fourth wife, accused him of embezzling funds from the project, possibly as punishment for his support of Britannicus. According to Tacitus, Narcissus hoped to bring down Agrippina by revealing her affair with the freedman Pallas, which would also have destroyed her son. He supposedly told Britannicus of his plans in front of others, and was brazen in his intentions, promising to right all wrongs against him. It has been suggested that this last detail is an example of Tacitus altering facts to make Claudius a passive character in his reign. Suetonius and Dio report that, after reconciling with Brittanicus, Claudius -- not Narcissus -- openly planned to bring Agrippina down. In any case, Agrippina was suspicious of Narcissus and had him sent away to Campania, ostensibly to take advantage of the warm baths there to relieve his gout. This was probably intended to remove him as an obstacle of the assassination of Claudius and the accession of Nero. Agrippina ordered Narcissus' execution within weeks of Claudius' death in October, 54. Shortly after the announcement Narcissus returned to Rome. Just before his imprisonment and execution, he burned all Claudius' letters to prevent Nero from using their contents for nefarious ends. An inscription names his wife as Claudia Dicaeosyna. Narcissus is a character in the "Apocolocyntosis" of Seneca the Younger, written soon after his death. He greets Claudius in Hades and runs ahead of him through the gates of the underworld. He is scared by Cerberus, a dog-beast so unlike the little white dog Narcissus is mentioned as owning in life. Narcissus is a character in Robert Graves' novel "I, Claudius"; in the TV adaptation, he is portrayed by John Cater. Narcissus is a character in the French tragedy "Britannicus", written by Racine in 1669, it is a drama about the assassination of Britannicus by Nero, and its author is a well-known playwright at the court of "Louis XIV". He also appears in Simon Scarrow's Eagle Series of books and Douglas Jackson's "Caligula" & "Claudius" books. He also appears in Lindsey Davis' book, "The Course of Honour". He also appears in Robert Fabbri's Vespasian Series. </doc> <doc id="2339949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339949" title="Mirror lock-up"> Mirror lock-up Mirror lock-up (often abbreviated to MLU) is a feature employed in many Single Lens Reflex (SLR) cameras. It allows the operator to reduce vibration-induced motion blur during exposure. It also allows the mounting of lenses which extend into the SLR's mirror box when mounted. Normal operation in an SLR camera involves flipping the mirror up out of the light-path just before the shutter opens, and then returning it when the shutter closes (although very early SLR's required the shutter to be cocked for the mirror to return). This causes vibration of the camera, particularly when the mirror slaps into the top of the mirror box. This vibration quickly dies away so the most motion blur is actually seen with short shutter times that capture multiple 'swings' of the vibration (shutter speeds of 1/2 to 1/60 second are often affected by this). While longer exposures will capture all of the vibrations, the exposure will be dominated by light captured when the camera is vibration-free (assuming a steady mount). Mirror lock-up involves flipping the mirror up well before the shutter opens, allowing the vibrations to die down before exposing the film. On some cameras MLU may be operated by an extra push of the shutter button, the second push resulting in the actual opening of the shutter. Other arrangements may involve an extra lever or button that flips the mirror up before using the shutter release button normally. On some cameras MLU is not a separate feature, but operated as part of the self timer (notably the Nikon FE line of cameras). Note that when the mirror is in the up and locked position, the subject is no longer visible through the viewfinder. Therefore, the photographer must compose the photograph prior to activating mirror lock-up and keep the camera from moving. Use of a tripod helps prevent movement of the camera during this operation. Combined with a remote or cable release, this greatly reduces the potential for vibration of the camera. Some lenses are designed such that they extend into the mirror box when properly mounted on an SLR. These may include early wide-angle lenses for SLR's, certain lenses designed for rangefinder cameras, and certain other non-SLR lenses adapted for SLR use. Mirror lock-up must be activated prior to mounting such lenses, and kept in place in order to prevent damage to the lens and/or camera. This method of operation prevents any use of the SLR viewfinder with the lens. Prior to the development of lenses utilizing the Angénieux retrofocus concept, mirror lock-up was essential to wide-angle SLR photography. </doc> <doc id="2339955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339955" title="Xenon tetrafluoride"> Xenon tetrafluoride Xenon tetrafluoride is a chemical compound with chemical formula . It was the first discovered binary compound of a noble gas. It is produced by the chemical reaction of xenon with fluorine, , according to the chemical equation: This reaction is exothermic, releasing an energy of 251 kJ/mol of xenon. Xenon tetrafluoride is a colorless crystalline substance under ordinary conditions. Its crystalline structure was determined by both NMR spectroscopy and X-ray crystallography in 1963. The structure is square planar, as has been confirmed by neutron diffraction studies, and is justified by VSEPR theory because xenon has two lone pairs of electrons: one above and one below the plane of the molecule. Xenon tetrafluoride sublimes at a temperature of 115.7 °C (240.26 °F). The formation of xenon tetrafluoride, like the other xenon fluorides, is exergonic. They are stable at normal temperatures and pressures. All of them readily react with water, releasing pure xenon gas, hydrogen fluoride, and molecular oxygen. This reaction occurs in slightly moist air; hence, all xenon fluorides must be kept in anhydrous atmospheres. Xenon tetrafluoride is produced by heating a mixture of xenon and fluorine in a 1:5 ratio in a nickel container to 400 °C. Some xenon hexafluoride, , is also produced, and this production is increased with an increased fluorine concentration in the input mixture. The nickel is not a catalyst for this reaction; nickel containers are used because they react with fluorine to form a protective, non-peeling layer of nickel fluoride on their interior surfaces. Xenon tetrafluoride is hydrolyzed by water at low temperatures to form elemental xenon, oxygen, hydrofluoric acid, and aqueous xenon trioxide. Reaction with tetramethylammonium fluoride forms tetramethylammonium pentafluoroxenate, which contains the pentagonal anion. The anion is also formed by reaction with caesium fluoride: Reaction with bismuth pentafluoride () forms the cation: The cation has also been identified in the salt XeFSbF by NMR spectroscopy. At 400 °C, reacts with xenon gas to form : The reaction of xenon tetrafluoride with platinum yields platinum tetrafluoride () and xenon gas: Xenon tetrafluoride is used as a decomposition agent of silicone rubber for analysing trace metal impurities in the rubber. reacts with the silicone structure that makes up the backbone of silicone rubber to form simple gaseous products, leaving behind any content of metal impurities. </doc> <doc id="2339966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339966" title="Xenon hexafluoride"> Xenon hexafluoride Xenon hexafluoride is a noble gas compound with the formula XeF and the highest of the three known binary fluorides of xenon, the other two being XeF and XeF. All known are exergonic and stable at normal temperatures. XeF is the strongest fluorinating agent of the series. At room temperature, it is a colorless solid that readily sublimes into intensely yellow vapors. Xenon hexafluoride can be prepared by long-term heating of XeF at about 300 °C and pressure 6 MPa (60 atmospheres). With as catalyst, however, this reaction can proceed at 120 °C even in xenon-fluorine molar ratios as low as 1:5. The structure of XeF required several years to establish in contrast to the cases of and . In the gas phase the compound is monomeric. VSEPR theory predicts that due to the presence of six fluoride ligands and one lone pair of electrons the structure lacks perfect octahedral symmetry, and indeed electron diffraction combined with high-level calculations indicate that the compound's point group is "C". "O" is only insignificantly higher, indicating that the minimum on the energy surface is very shallow. Konrad Seppelt, an authority on noble gas and fluorine chemistry, says, "the structure is best described in terms of a mobile electron pair that moves over the faces and edges of the octahedron and thus distorts it in a dynamic manner." Xe and F NMR spectroscopy indicates that in solution the compound assumes a tetrameric structure: four equivalent xenon atoms are arranged in a tetrahedron surrounded by a fluctuating array of 24 fluorine atoms that interchange positions in a "cogwheel mechanism". Xenon hexafluoride hydrolyzes stepwise, ultimately affording xenon trioxide: XeF serves as a Lewis acid, binding one and two fluoride anions: Salts of the octafluoroxenate(VI) anion (XeF) are very stable, decomposing only above 400 °C. This anion has been shown to have square antiprismatic geometry, based on single-crystal X-ray counter analysis of its nitrosonium salt, . The sodium and potassium salts are formed directly from sodium fluoride and potassium fluoride: These are thermally less stable than the caesium and rubidium salts, which are synthesized by first forming the heptafluoroxenate salts: which are then pyrolysed at 50 °C and 20 °C, respectively, to form the yellow octafluoroxenate salts: These salts are hydrolysed by water, yielding various products containing xenon and oxygen. The two other binary fluorides of xenon do not form such stable adducts with fluoride. reacts with strong fluoride acceptors such as and to form the XeF cation: </doc> <doc id="2339977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339977" title="Peter Diamond (actor)"> Peter Diamond (actor) Peter Diamond (10 August 1929 – 27 March 2004) was an English actor who had trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and is remembered as a stuntman on television or film. His appearances total over 1,000 credits in the industry as a stuntman, co-ordinator or fight arranger. He appeared as the Tusken Raider who attacked Luke Skywalker in "". He also contributed to the sequels "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi". His film credits include several "Carry On" films, "Never Let Go", "From Russia with Love", "", "An American Werewolf in London", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", and "Highlander", where he played the immortal Iman Fasil. Diamond's numerous television credits include "The Adventures of Robin Hood", "The Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel", "The Adventures of William Tell", "Sword of Freedom", "The Saint", "The Avengers", "Paul Temple", "Last of the Summer Wine", "Heartbeat", and "London's Burning". He was stunt coordinator/swordmaster on the 1990 TV series "Zorro" and acted in three episodes, two as Sir Edmund Kendall who taught Diego de la Vega (Zorro) to swordfight, and directed eight episodes. This series was filmed in Madrid, Spain for the U.S. ABC Family channel. He was a regular contributor to "Doctor Who" in the 1960s, as a fight arranger and actor. </doc> <doc id="2339988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339988" title="Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3"> Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3 Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3 is a military science fiction real-time strategy video game developed by Ion Storm and published by Eidos Interactive and released for Microsoft Windows on June 11, 1998. The game was originally developed as a spin-off of the mech simulation game "G-Nome" by 7th Level. Ion Storm acquired both "Dominion" and its lead designer, Todd Porter, from 7th Level for completion. "Dominion" was first made by Todd Porter and Jerry O'Flaherty's company Distant Thunder, that was sold to 7th Level in February 1995. Distant Thunder made "G-Nome" which 7th Level published in 1996, which sold badly and flopped in reviews. Porter and O'Flaherty started Dominion, based on G-Nome at 7th level before leaving, and John Romero hired them to start Ion Storm. Porter wanted to make the game Doppelganger at Ion Storm but heard that 7th Level had Dominion up for sale in 1997 because it was leaving the industry. Ion Storm unanimously voted in August 1997 to buy Dominion for $1.8m dollars from 7th Level, to "burn" one of the 6 game "options" that Ion Storm had contracted with Eidos, as part of a royalty deal, but Porter thought the game was "a top-10 product" that could sell 500,000 copies. It was renamed "Dominion Storm" and later "Dominion: Storm Over Gift 3". Porter told Ion Storm the game would take 6 weeks to finish but hired an expensive full-time team out of ex-7th Level people. The game employs a voxel-based graphics engine. In October 1997 other top members of Ion Storm thought of firing Porter because the game was running over schedule and budget, but Romero decided not to. The team hoped to make it for under $3m dollars but it had cost more than that by December 1997, six months before release. Porter became CEO of Ion Storm and the Dallas Observer said "He turned down a deal with Compaq computers that would have paid ION 75 cents to $1 for every Compaq computer sold with Dominion already installed, and would have guaranteed ION a minimum of $1.5 million." Porter said that RTS games in 1997 "were a pretty disappointing lot" besides Age of Empires, since they "didn’t really feel much like the old real-time strategy", but he thought Dominion was more like oldschool games in the genre. The game was designed to have a simple interface because Porter thought that RTS games had gotten too complex, and Porter said that the interface would probably be borrowed by other games. It was released as Ion Storm's debut title in June 1998, and it sold very badly with possibly less than 24,000 copies sold in four months. The game takes place on the fictitious planet of Gift 3 where war has broken out between four different races: the Scorps, Darkens, Mercs and Humans. The setting is shared with G-Nome. One aspect of the design of the game is that the races are not "equal": Darken forces are sturdier, but are slower to build; Scorp forces cost much less to manufacture, but are weaker than the other races; Merc soldiers are more difficult to control, but are more accurate when firing; and the Humans are a balance of all features. In addition, each race also gets one weapon type unique unto itself: Darken has a "cloaker" vehicle - which renders other vehicles invisible; the Mercs have the Widow Maker, which converts enemy towers and tanks into allies; the Humans have the M-Cat, which freezes any opponents' machinery from firing; and the Scorps have a Digger - an underground transport to deliver up to six men anywhere visible on the playing field. Each of these vehicles are extremely fragile - an infantryman with a rifle can destroy it in one shot if not well protected. There are a set of twelve missions (a campaign) for each of the races, where the computer opponent has the next level up in armaments, men or machines. For instance, when the player has light infantry and machine gun towers, then the computer opponent will have bazookamen and rocket towers. There is a list of objectives to complete a mission, some requires the performing of certain tasks, such as recapture a fallen base or rescue a leader from prison, others to merely wipe out the opponent completely. There is a full eight player multiplayer mode that can be hosted for other players. There are four built-in connection types, serial, modem, IPX and TCP/IP for direct play. Like other real-time strategy games the multiplayer options can be set to have high or low resources and slow to fast speed. MPlayer.com was launched with Dominion and installed from the start. Dominion features an electronic soundtrack by Will Loconto; the tracks vary between dark spacey atmospheres and classic 90s style video-game-themed techno/electro. The "Dallas Observer" reported that ""Dominion" averaged 7,000 copies per month in the first four months it was on the shelves." In the United States, market tracking firm PC Data reported that its sales reached 9,952 units by the end of August 1998, for revenues of $367,600. This number rose to 14,000 units by November 30, 1998, which drew a total of $466,600 in revenue. "Dominion" was a runner-up for "Computer Gaming World"s 1998 "Coaster of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "". The editors wrote, "Ion Storm's initial release sailed like a lead balloon, complete with overhyped and ineffectual AI, 1995-era graphics, and a back story so bad that it had us wondering why we even briefly stopped playing "StarCraft" for this." </doc> <doc id="2339989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339989" title="Yang Lian (poet)"> Yang Lian (poet) Yang Lian (; born 22 February 1955) is a Swiss-Chinese poet associated with the Misty Poets and also with the Searching for Roots school. He was born in Bern, Switzerland in 1955 and raised in Beijing, where he attended primary school. His education was interrupted by the outbreak of the Cultural Revolution after 1966. In 1974 he was sent to Changping county near Beijing to undergo 're-education through labor', where he undertook a variety of tasks including digging graves. In 1977, after the Cultural Revolution had ended and Mao Zedong had died, Yang returned to Beijing where he worked with the state broadcasting service. Yang began writing traditional Chinese poetry while working in the countryside, despite this genre of poetry being officially proscribed under the rule of Mao Zedong. In 1979, he became involved with the group of poets writing for 'Today' ("Jintian") magazine, and his style of poetry developed into the modernist, experimental style common within that group. The 'Today' group attracted considerable controversy during the early 1980s, and the initially derogatory term of 'Misty Poets' was applied to them at this time. In 1983, Yang's poem 'Norlang' (the name of a waterfall in Tibet) was criticised as part of the Anti-Spiritual Pollution Campaign, and a warrant was put out for his arrest. He managed to escape after a tip-off from friends; the campaign ended shortly afterwards. Yang began to travel overseas after 1986, including visits to Australia and New Zealand. Yang Lian was in Auckland, New Zealand at the time of the Tiananmen incident, and was involved with protests against the actions of the Chinese government. His work was blacklisted in China shortly after June 4, 1989, and two books of his poetry awaiting publication there were pulped. A short time later, Yang's Chinese citizenship was revoked. He requested a new passport so that he could travel abroad, but Chinese authorities refused to issue one for him, and he was granted refugee status in New Zealand. Since that time, Yang Lian has held writers' fellowships in Australia and Germany, and has travelled broadly. Although he has retained New Zealand citizenship, he has lived in London since 1993. Along with fellow Misty Poet, Bei Dao, he has reportedly been nominated for the Nobel Prize for Literature. He received the Flaiano International Prize for Poetry in 1999. Since 2005 he is Professor at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland and Artistic Director of the Unique Mother Tongue series of international poetry-arts events held periodically in London. He won International Nonino Prize in 2012. This edition of Yang Lian’s poems and Ai Weiwei’s visual images was realized by the publishing house Damocle Edizioni – Venice in 200 numbered copies on Fabriano Paper. The book was printed with the Printing Press at the Stamperia del Tintoretto di Venezia – Venice, May 2018. Every book is hand signed by Yang Lian and Ai Weiwei. </doc> <doc id="2339999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2339999" title="Sport in Kuwait"> Sport in Kuwait Football is the most popular sport in Kuwait. The Kuwait Football Association (KFA) is the governing body of football in Kuwait. The KFA organises the men's, women's, and futsal national teams. The men's team has gained limited success at the sport, with the national team having competed at eight AFC Asian Cup competitions, and one FIFA World Cup, in 1982. The Kuwaiti Premier League is the top league of Kuwaiti football, featuring eighteen teams. Kuwait is home to many football clubs including Al-Arabi, Al-Fahaheel, Al-Jahra, Al-Kuwait, Al-Naser, Al-Salmiya, Al-Shabab, Al Qadsia, Al-Yarmouk, Kazma, Khaitan, Sulaibikhat, Sahel, and Tadamon. Kuwait is one of Asia's most successful footballing nations. They have been the champions of the 1980 AFC Asian Cup, runners-up of the 1976 AFC Asian Cup, and have taken third place of the 1984 AFC Asian Cup. Kuwait has also been to one FIFA World Cup, in 1982, but didn't win a single match, but tied 1-1 with Czechoslovakia on the first round. Basketball is one of Kuwait's most popular sports. Basketball in Kuwait is governed by the Kuwait Basketball Association (KBA). The national team has never been to a Basketball World Championship (FIBA), and the national team has also never been to an Olympic Games in basketball, but the national team has been to the FIBA Asian Championship in basketball eleven times, but did not win any medals. Kuwait is one of the most successful basketballing nations in the Middle East. Abdullah Al-Saraf is one of the best and most famous Kuwaiti basketballers. He currently plays for Al-Qadsia in Kuwait. In cricket, Kuwait has been an associate member of the International Cricket Council since 2005, having previously been an affiliate member since 1998. They are currently ranked at tenth amongst non-test teams in Asia. In recent years, the popularity of cricket has been constantly rising and is set to overtake Football. In several years it may even be Kuwait's most well known sport. The Kuwait national handball team is controlled by the Kuwait Handball Association. It is highly regarded as one of the most successful national handball teams in Asia and the Arab World. Kuwait has enjoyed great handball success at both the national and club level. The sport is widely considered to be the national icon of Kuwait, although football is more popular among the overall population. Kuwait is also the founding member of the Asian Handball Federation, the Asian Championship and Club Champions League. Hockey in Kuwait is governed by the Kuwait Ice Hockey Association. Kuwait first joined the International Ice Hockey Federation in 1985, but was expelled in 1992 due to a lack of ice hockey activity. Kuwait was re-admitted into the IIHF in May 2009. In 2015, Kuwait won the IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia. </doc> <doc id="2340006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340006" title="Gram panchayat"> Gram panchayat A gram panchayat (village council) is the only grassroots-level of panchayati raj formalised local self-governance system in India at the village or small-town level, and has a sarpanch as its elected head. The failed attempts to deal with local matters at the national level caused, in 1992, the reintroduction of panchayats for their previously used purpose as an organisation for local self-governance. There are about 250,000 gram panchayats in India, that are being gigabit-broadband enabled under the BharatNet and Digital India initiative. Gram panchayats are panchayats at base level in panchayat raj institutions (or PRIs), governed by the 73rd Constitutional Amendment, which is concerned with rural local governments. The gram panchayat is divided into wards and each ward is represented by a Ward Member or Commissioner, also referred to as a Panch or Panchayat Member, who is directly elected by the villagers. The panchayat is chaired by the president of the village, known as a Sarpanch. The term of the elected representatives is five years. The Secretary of the panchayat is a non-elected representative, appointed by the state government, to oversee panchayat activities. According to Section. 6 (3) of the "Andhra Pradesh Panchayat Raj Act of 1994", that state's gram sabha has to conduct a meeting at least twice a year. </doc> <doc id="2340011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340011" title="MLU"> MLU MLU may stand for: </doc> <doc id="2340016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340016" title="Growing on Me"> Growing on Me "Growing on Me" is a song by the glam rock band The Darkness from their album "Permission to Land". It was released as a single on 16 June 2003, peaking at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart. It also charted at number 42 and 46 in Ireland and Australia. Despite rumours surrounding the song's meaning, lead singer Justin Hawkins has refuted suggestions that the lyrics pertain to pubic lice or sexually transmitted infections: "People have said it's about pubic lice, but that's obviously wrong because pubic lice don't grow on you, do they?" Hawkins has also commented on the song's "true" meaning: "A sweet lady woman that you will never fully fathom or understand, but you love her so much that after a while it doesn't matter." The song is featured in the soundtrack to the film "School of Rock", despite not actually appearing in the motion picture. The film itself contains another song by the Darkness, "Black Shuck". This change is likely due to the strong language in "Black Shuck"; changing the song on the released soundtrack would avoid an advisory sticker on the release and allow members of the target audience—namely children—to widely purchase the album. It was also featured in the 2004 film "Going the Distance". </doc> <doc id="2340021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340021" title="Mamram"> Mamram Mamram (), abbreviation for Center of Computing and Information Systems ( "Merkaz Mahshevim UMa'arahot Meida"), originally Center of Computing and Mechanized Registration ( "Merkaz Mahshevim VeRishum Memukhan") is the Israel Defense Forces' central computing system unit, providing data processing services for all arms and the general staff of the IDF. As of July 2015, Mamram is under the command of Colonel Talia Gazit. Formed in 1959 under the name Maram (מר"ם), the unit bought its first computer, a US-made Philco machine. Mordechai Kikion was transferred from RAFAEL (then part of the IDF) to be the unit's first commander. Mamram facilities soon started hosting several other independent data processing units, including the Inventory Processing Center (מענ"א) and the Manpower Computing Center (ממכ"א). In 1994, the Mamram programming school, considered one of the best sources of high-quality software professionals in the world, was separated into a newly formed unit called School for Computer Professions (, abbr. Basmach - בסמ"ח). However, the school's graduates, who were and still are highly sought after in the industry, are still referred to as Mamram graduates. Following graduation, Basmach students go on to serve in various IDF units. Some of the graduates are often offered a position in Mamram itself. The unit has also been delegated with the responsibility of assigning Internet domain names under the <nowiki>idf.il</nowiki> second level domain. On September 20th, 2017 the color of the unit's beret was changed to cyber blue to reflect the emerging responsibility for Israel's cyber defense. Mamram has created the military's closed Intranet network. This network is a replication of the WWW, only in smaller dimensions for the use of all IDF's soldiers. MAMRAM is responsible for the management and development of the IDF's computer and network systems. Mamram is responsible for enforcing computer use integrity. The ability to monitor network vandalism and abuse is an outcome of Mamram's own technical development. Mamram provides IDF's WWW websites. Those websites contain interactive information used by civilians and foreigners. </doc> <doc id="2340022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340022" title="Massachusetts Route 6A"> Massachusetts Route 6A Massachusetts Route 6A is the state road for two sections formerly known as U.S. Route 6 (US 6) on Cape Cod. Most of Route 6A is also known as the Old King's Highway. Combining the 2 major sections (and a "silent" concurrency with US 6 through Eastham, Wellfleet, and South Truro), the highway is approximately long. Although some maps have Route 6A starting at the Bourne Bridge Rotary along Sandwich Road, it actually starts some feet east of the Sagamore Bridge, according to state signage. From there, it goes thus: Since 1982, Route 6A has ended at an intersection (signalized until 2010) with US 6 at Herring Cove, part of the Cape Cod National Seashore. Before 1982, the intersection was a large complicated rotary-like design, and Route 6A traveled slightly farther north than its intersection with US 6, ending at the exit off the rotary for the remainder of Provincelands Road toward Race Point. It is signed east/west on both sections of the highway. Until 2015, the highway was signed north/south from Truro and Provincetown. Some maps erroneously had the northern Route 6A having its southern terminus at US 6 along Mayflower Avenue in Provincetown. However, since Mayflower Avenue is an extremely narrow private road of questionable maintenance, and there is no access from east US 6 to Mayflower Avenue, the reason for this misunderstanding was unknown. This has since been fixed in most maps which once contained this error. Some maps also erroneously mark US 6's old routing through downtown Wellfleet as Route 6A, though MassHighway (and the Massachusetts Department of Public Works before it) has never included the stretch as part of Route 6A. Route 6A was first signed upon partial completion of the Mid-Cape Highway, which was Cape Cod's first freeway in 1953, traveling between the Sagamore Bridge in Bourne and Route 132 in Barnstable. A second stretch in 1954 was signed when a US 6 bypass was constructed in Truro and Provincetown, although in Provincetown, Route 6A was signed along Bradford Street instead of US 6's former routing on Commercial Street, as the latter road had become one-way westbound. A third stretch in 1956 was signed between Route 132 in Barnstable and the Orleans–Eastham town line when the US 6 freeway was completed. Route 6A does not officially exist in Eastham or Wellfleet as the road is in an unsigned concurrency with US 6. The road is generally considered to be Cape Cod's most historic and scenic highway. The Barnstable portion has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Old King's Highway Historic District. The only portions of the Provincetown section under state (or federal) maintenance are the Commercial Street section (including Bradford between Commercial and Allerton) and the Provincelands Road section (which runs through National Park land). The remainder of the Bradford Street section has always been locally maintained, and though that section carries the occasional mile marker from the last postings in 1979, it has always only sparsely been signed as Route 6A. There was once another section of Route 6A running through downtown Truro along Truro Center Road, although it was never signed or mile-markered. When Truro Center Road and North Truro's Shore Road were turned back to local maintenance in 1979, the Route 6A designation was officially removed from the downtown Truro section, though locals still referred to it as "Route 6A" until it was officially named "Truro Center Road." The section of Route 6A from North Truro to its terminus in the Cape Cod National Seashore was signed as a north–south route until 2015 when MassDOT completed replacement of those signs with east–west signage. </doc> <doc id="2340030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340030" title="ALLISS"> ALLISS ALLISS is a fully rotatable antenna system for high power shortwave radio broadcasting in the 6 MHz to 26 MHz range. An ALLISS module is a self-contained shortwave relay station that is used for international broadcasting. ALLISS is a special design case of HRS type antennas. True ALLISS systems have solid radiators (horizontal radiating elements) versus tensioned flexible (open) radiators found with all other variations of ITU HRS type antennas systems. The name is based on a concatenation of two French towns ALLouis and ISSoudun. There are some factors that separate true ALLISS technology from 'run-of-the-mill' rotatable HRS Type antennas. Thales pseudo-ALLISS rotatable antenna designs were procured from other antenna manufacturers that Thales acquired by corporate transactions. Technically only solid radiators distinguish true ALLISS systems from all other rotatable HRS type antennas. Only about 12% (estimate) of all HRS antennas in use globally are rotatable, and of these only 28 of the ALLISS systems have solid radiators. One must assume that only about 10% of HRS type antennas are rotatable, but compiled statistics are fragmentary. Only about 20% of rotatable HRS antennas are ALLISS, but this may be a slight overestimate. The Transmitter Documentation Project has most but not all stats on shortwave relay station antennas in use or historical. The Chinese SARFT is said to contain replicated ALLISS module technology, so to consider ALLISS technology as being exclusively in the domain of Thales is no longer true. Information about ALLISS can also be found associated with Thomson-CSF—the previous name of Thales Group. ALLISS technology, due to its cost and complexity—is out of reach to most consumers as a consumer product. Cheaper solutions to ALLISS exist in the shortwave broadcasting technology area. As a rule of thumb ALLISS systems should only be purchased if 360 degrees of coverage is necessary. ALLISS is only used by well funded broadcasting and telecommunications operations that intend to use the modules over their design lifespan of 50–60 years. ALLISS allows a broadcaster to change the following shortwave transmission parameters at any time: direction (azimuths from 0 to 360 degrees, rate: ~1 deg / 6 sec), broadcast frequency, and antenna configuration (i.e.: HR 4/4/1 -> HR 6/4/1). All of these transmission mode changes can take effect in as little as 5 minutes. This flexibility can allow a broadcaster to redirect the entire shortwave transmission network to a strategically important target area in as little as 15 minutes. Modular construction: ALLISS relay stations can be built on a module by module basis. An ALLISS module can start broadcasting as soon as construction is completed. Higher RFI & EMF (electromagnetic) compatibility vs traditional relay stations Each ALLISS module is fully automated, so there is no need for technical staff. When there are 2-5 ALLISS modules scattered over several hundred square kilometers, a three-person support staff is enough to keep the modules in operation year round (provided these modules are visited monthly for repair and maintenance). With conventionally designed HRS type antennas shortwave relay stations and their obligatory transmitter hall, switch matrix, coaxial or open feeder line systems and multiple antennas (~90% of shortwave relay stations are built this way) much larger staffs are required. Around US$10 million. According to the current Thales brochure on ALLISS, there are 6 different versions of the ALLISS system. These versions are sorted by date of initial installation. Typically ALLISS modules possess a 500 kW polyphase shortwave transmitter. Three HRS array antennas types are available for broadcasting in the traditional shortwave broadcasting bands. For tropical and lower frequency shortwave broadcasting For traditional shortwave broadcasting For highly directional shortwave broadcasting The HRS 6/4/1 is not available for use in the 26 MHz band. One Low Band antenna exists for Tropical Band broadcasting. It takes up the entire back side of the ALLISS module. This Low Band antenna counterbalances the primary transmission antennas used in traditional shortwave broadcasting. Documentation format — Nation : Broadcaster : City(Modules, Date Sold) Total number of modules sold since 1989: 32 The International broadcasting center of TDF (Télédiffusion de France) is at Issoudun/Ste Aoustrille. Issoudun is currently utilized by TDF for shortwave transmissions. The site uses 12 rotary ALLISS antennas fed by 12 transmitters of 500 kW each to transmit shortwave broadcasts by Radio France International (RFI), along with other broadcast services. General category Applicable related technologies Broadcasters using ALLISS modules Technology portals (non-Thales) <br> </doc> <doc id="2340035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340035" title="John Moore (American author)"> John Moore (American author) John F. Moore (born June 15, 1959) is an American engineer and a writer of fantasy and science fiction primarily under the short name John Moore. John Moore grew up in a suburb of Philadelphia. After high school, he moved to Texas and attended the University of Houston at night. He spent ten years working towards a diploma in chemical engineering. While studying he worked in the oilfields and as a truck driver, and began his writing career. In 1989 he finally received his engineering degree and began working as an engineer. He currently lives and works in Houston, Texas. At college Moore became interested in "Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine", and after a year decided to write a story and send it to the magazine. It was not accepted, but he did receive a letter from assistant editor Darrell Schweitzer from which he learned of fanzine and science fiction conventions. Moore joined the Fandom Association of Central Texas (FACT), began attending workshops for writers participating in the Writers of the Future contest, and wrote his first serious fiction. Moore's early stories were mostly science fiction thrillers. These include the techno-thriller "Heat Sink", written in 1991 but only published in 2010 as an e-book. It describes a near future in which Canadian and Russian scientists try to melt the polar ice to gain access to new oil fields. Moore's earliest published story in the ISFDB catalog is "Bad Chance", a two-page item in the January 1986 issue of "Space and Time". His short works have also seen print in "Aboriginal SF", "New Destinies", "Realms of Fantasy", "Marion Zimmer Bradley's Fantasy Magazine", "Tomorrow", "Writers of the Future", and elsewhere. Beginning with "Slay and Rescue" (1993), most of Moore's longer works have been light, humorous fantasies set in the mythical "Twenty Kingdoms." These have been compared to the writings of Terry Pratchett and Robert Asprin. He was influenced to use humor in his fiction by comedian Bill Hicks when both were students at the University of Houston. At the Comedy Workshop, Moore studied the techniques of performers like Hicks, Sam Kinison, and Ellen DeGeneres to develop his own sense of comic timing and pacing. His fantasies have been published in a number of languages other than English, notably German, Czech and Russian. The Czech version of his novel "The Unhandsome Prince" was actually published before the first edition in English. As for his other novels, "Slay and Rescue" is available in all three languages; "The Unhandsome Prince" in Czech and Russian, and "Heroics for Beginners" in Czech and German. "Heroics for Beginners" and "Bad Prince Charlie" were also published in Poland. The Internet Speculative Fiction Database (ISFDB) is a source for all listings except where noted otherwise. </doc> <doc id="2340064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340064" title="Duke of Alburquerque"> Duke of Alburquerque Duke of Alburquerque is a title of Spanish nobility and refers to the town of Alburquerque, Badajoz. This title has been held by: </doc> <doc id="2340066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340066" title="Neil Turley"> Neil Turley Neil Turley (born 15 March 1980) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played at representative level for England (Under-21s), and Lancashire, and at club level for Wigan Warriors (academy), and Leigh, as a , or . Neil started his career as a junior with Wigan Warriors, coming through their Academy set-up. As an Academy player he starred in the 1998 Academy Grand Final for Wigan in their defeat by Leeds Rhinos, who boasted such international stars as Kevin Sinfield, and Rob Burrow. His senior career was unlikely to prosper at Wigan as Turley played understudy to Great Britain Kris Radlinski. Turley took the offer in 2000 to join Second Division side Leigh Centurions. Neil's father, Norman Turley, was Leigh's assistant coach. After an impressive début in a friendly game against Australia's South Sydney Rabbitohs in late 2000, Turley was selected as Leigh's starting fullback ahead of Simon Svabic. His début season as a senior player in 2001 saw Turley smash the world record for tries by a full back, ending the season with 55. He also gained representative honours, playing in both England under-21 Tests against South Africa, and played for Lancashire as the only player from a non-Super League club to play in the Origin series against rivals Yorkshire. His début season featured a surprising Challenge Cup victory over Super League neighbours Salford City Reds, and saw Leigh finish nine points clear at the top of the Northern Ford Premiership and claim the short-lived Trans-Pennine Cup. Turley was the target of Warrington Wolves who tabled an offer to the Leigh club but Turley turned it down. However, the fantastic year was marred as defeat by Oldham in the play-off semi-final eventually saw Widnes Vikings go onto win the Grand Final, and a place in Super League. Turley broke many club records, including goals in a season and points in a season. Yet the ultimate prize, Grand Final success, eluded Leigh. In 2002 and 2003, the relegated Super League sides, Huddersfield Giants, and Salford City Reds remained fully professional teams. Thus, their full-time fitness and coaching led to defeat in successive Grand Finals for Leigh. When Halifax were relegated to play in the 2004 National League competition, their financial troubles meant they were unable to retain a full-time team and struggled, paving the way for Leigh to go about achieving their dream. Leigh defeated Whitehaven 32-16 after over-time to finally attain Super League status for the 2005 season. Turley announced his retirement in April 2006, due to a serious recurring back injury. He made 122 appearances for Leigh, scoring 1,501 points, including 132 tries. </doc> <doc id="2340068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340068" title="Eastern Hancock High School"> Eastern Hancock High School Eastern Hancock High School is a public high school located just north of Charlottesville, Indiana. It is managed by the Community School Corporation of Eastern Hancock County. Schools in neighboring Wilkinson, Shirley, and Charlottesville consolidated in 1970 forming the Eastern Hancock district that includes all the eastern third of Hancock County. Although Eastern Hancock's school district covers more area than any other school district in the county, it has the smallest number of enrolled students due to eastern Hancock County being mainly rural. The Community School Corporation of Eastern Hancock County represents the consolidation of the school's three townships: Brown, Blue River and Jackson. The towns of Wilkinson, Shirley, Charlottesville, Warrington, Willow Branch and parts of Greenfield are all in the Eastern Hancock School District. The school began in 1964-65, but the new Eastern Hancock Junior-Senior High School facilities were completed in 1971. The Elementary building was completed in 1979 and the Middle School was completed in 1996. Consolidation History to become the Community School Corporation of Eastern Hancock County: The Eastern Hancock High School Royals are a member of the Mid-Eastern Conference. IHSAA sanctioned sports offered at EHHS include: tennis, cross country, football, volleyball, basketball, swimming, wrestling, baseball, softball, golf, and track and field. The schools only state championship in any sport came in the fall of 1985, when the football team defeated Jimtown High School in the Class A title game 20-7. You can find a very detailed history of each Eastern Hancock Sports History by CLICKING HERE "NOTE: School was in the East Central Conference from 1964-1968, but did not win any championships." Click Here for more info about inductees. Eastern Hancock has one band. It is a Marching Band that marches during halftime at football games and during several parades with their colorguard. They also perform several concerts at the school throughout the year. The band is currently directed by Mr. Daniel Buckalew. They participate annual in the Indiana State Fair Band Day as well as the Central Indiana District Solo and Ensemble. In 2014, for the first time since 1986, they participated in the Indiana State Fair Band Day contest. They have participated annually since then. Their performances are as follows: Eastern Hancock has two choirs: One Show Choir and one Concert Choir, primarily known as the "High School Choir". Both choirs sing annually at nursing homes, as well as the school's scheduled concerts. At Eastern Hancock, the Show Choir, also known as the "Royal Singers" or the "Advanced Chorus," is the advanced choir. They sing many times throughout the year including, but not limited to, nursing homes once a year, the school's home volleyball and basketball games, the Indianapolis Zoo around Christmas, and the Riley Festival, a festival held annually in Greenfield, Indiana. An audition with a solo is required to be in the Show Choir. The High School Choir, also known as the "Intermediate Chorus," is the no-audition choir at Eastern Hancock. 8th Graders at Eastern Hancock Middle School, however, may audition to join the High School Choir one year early and earn High School credits that count toward their diploma. They sing at nursing homes and several other organized performances throughout the year. Eastern Hancock has a Drama Club, where they put on two productions, one play and one musical, every year. The drama club has been around for many years. The following table states some of the many productions put on at Eastern Hancock. Eastern Hancock has several art classes: Eastern Hancock also has an Art Club, hosted by the Art Teacher, that does various events throughout the year around the county. Eastern Hancock offers Science, Social Studies, Mathematics, English, and Fine Arts academic teams. They all compete annually at the Academic Super Bowl. They also won the 2003 and 2011 State Science Academic Championships. The Eastern Hancock Fine Arts Team finished 6th in the State in 2012. In addition, Eastern Hancock has a Spell Bowl team. Spell Bowl members spend the semester figuring out how to spell complex words and compete every year at the annual Indiana Spell Bowl Competition. There are many facilities around the school, including: Eastern Hancock also has many athletic facilities, including: Eastern Hancock uses a form of computer distribution known as 1:1 Computing. One to One computing is where all students and teachers are given a computer, or any other device that is similar. Laptops and desktops are the current standard, however, the students of Eastern Hancock High School and Eastern Hancock Middle School are given Chromebooks. The teachers in all three schools (High School, Middle School, and Elementary School) get laptops. FFA is one of the largest extra-curricular activities at Eastern Hancock. The Eastern Hancock FFA has won and/or placed in the top 5 at many area, state, and national judging contests in both the senior and junior divisions. </doc> <doc id="2340075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340075" title="Sheffield City Airport"> Sheffield City Airport Sheffield City Airport was a small airport in Sheffield; it is now closed. It was in the Tinsley Park area of the city, near the M1 motorway and Sheffield Parkway, and opened in 1997. The airport's CAA licence was withdrawn on 21 April 2008 and it was officially closed on 30 April 2008, and the site is now part of the Advanced Manufacturing Park with various manufacturing businesses. An early proposal was made in 1968 to build an airport on land near Todwick in Rotherham but came to nothing. The lack of an airport in Sheffield was (is) due primarily to the fact there is only a limited area of flat land large enough for it. In fact the size of the airport which was eventually built was determined by this geographical factor. It is not coincidental that Sheffield is built on hills because the resultant rivers powered the development of its most famous industries, namely steel making and engineering. The airport was built, after a consultants' report, on a short-runway STOLPORT model similar to London City Airport. It offered flights to Belfast, Amsterdam, Brussels, Dublin, Jersey and London with the airlines KLM uk, Sabena, British Airways and Aer Arann. The Amsterdam service was described by KLM uk as the best start-up they had ever experienced. Passenger figures ranged from 46,000 in 1998, 75,000 in 1999, 60,000 in 2000, 33,000 in 2001 and 13,000 in the airport's final year of operation. It has been claimed that it was the choice of the city airport model, coming immediately before the meteoric rise of the low-cost airline in the UK, that condemned the airport from the start: it was argued that Sheffield did not have enough commerce to support the sort of high-fare short-hop business flights that could use the airport. However, the success of flights between Sheffield City and Amsterdam, and the subsequent expansion of regional airlines such as CityJet, Eastern Airways and Flybe, makes this debatable. It was also argued that Sheffield City Airport was unsuitable because the aircraft types used by the then-new low-cost airlines could not use the airport because of the length of its runway (which had proposed building a runway starter extension) – it was claimed that there was great demand for such services in the Sheffield area. However, the veracity of this argument has been thrown into doubt by the failure of Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield to attract such services in large numbers. It has also been asserted that the airport did not have enough traffic to justify investing in on-site radar, and that this might have been an intractable problem. Many airlines, it is alleged, were refusing to operate into the airport due to its lack of radar – however, no evidence has been offered to substantiate this claim. In the end the last scheduled airline pulled out in 2002, after the airport had passed into the hands of Peel Airports, who were shortly to be opening Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield airport, approximately away. By the time the last scheduled service was flown, the terminal interior had been converted to office accommodation. Fire and rescue cover and air traffic control staffing levels were both reduced and published procedures for instrument approaches were withdrawn, rendering the airport unattractive to the current generation of airlines which offer low-cost services with turboprop aircraft. There has been a degree of controversy over whether there was any incentive for Peel to promote the airport. The original lease between the SDC and Tinsley Park Ltd included a reversionary clause permitting the acquisition of of land for £1 providing, after 10 years of opening, it could be shown that the airport was financially not viable. The development is being marketed at up to £220 per square foot. The estimated worth of a business park, which is now planned, being at least £1,000,000. On 22 November 2012, the South and East Yorkshire Branch of the Federation of Small Businesses launched a campaign and petition with the aim of delaying redevelopment of the airport site, and calling for the airport's potential to be reassessed. Three weeks later, a mystery bidder made a bid to Sheffield City Council to reopen the airport. However, nothing came of this and construction work began in 2014. </doc> <doc id="2340077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340077" title="Virginia Field"> Virginia Field Virginia Field (born Margaret Cynthia Field, 4 November 1917 – 2 January 1992) was a British-born film actress. She was an only child, born in London. Her father, Sir John Field, was the judge of Leicester County Court Circuit. Her mother was a cousin of Confederate General Robert E. Lee and her aunt was British stage actress and director Auriol Lee. She was educated in Paris, Vienna, and the South of France, and then returned to England where she studied for the stage. In Vienna she acted for Max Reinhardt and on returning to Britain she was given her first film role in "The Lady is Willing" followed by a Hollywood contract. Field went to the U.S. to appear in David O. Selznick's "Little Lord Fauntleroy" (1936). In the late 1930s she appeared in various parts in 20th Century Fox's Mr. Moto film series. During the "Perry Mason" series on CBS between 1957–66, Field made six guest appearances. She played Irene Collaro in the 1958 episode "The Case of the Prodigal Parent." In both the 1960 episode, "The Case of the Provocative Protege", and the 1962 episode, "The Case of the Polka Dot Pony," she played the murderer. In the 1964 episode, "The Case of the Simple Simon," Field played the role of Mason's client and defendant Ramona Carver. She also appeared as Lotta Langley in an episode of the ABC series "The Rebel", starring Nick Adams. Field was a regular participant on "Pantomime Quiz", and had the role of Josephine Dunning in the pilot for "Meet the Girls", a comedy aired on CBS in August 1960. Field has a star at 1751 Vine Street, Los Angeles on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, dedicated February 8, 1960. Field married three times. Her spouses included actors Paul Douglas and Willard Parker. She and Douglas had a daughter, Margaret Field Douglas (born 1945). In 1947, she married Howard Grode, a composer and musician. Field died of cancer January 2, 1992. She was cremated and her ashes scattered at sea. </doc> <doc id="2340102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340102" title="Vrbnik"> Vrbnik Vrbnik (, ) is a small Croatian town on the east coast of the island of Krk. The town is perched on a limestone outcropping 50m above the Adriatic Sea. Vrbnik is naturally separated from mainland Croatia by the Vinodol Channel, where the towns of Crikvenica & Novi Vinodolski can be observed across the sea. Since 1980 the island has been connected to mainland Croatia via the Krk Bridge. Originally a walled town, Vrbnik was established in medieval times. The town itself has a population of 944 (2001); there are a total of 1,245 people in the municipality of Vrbnik, which includes three other nearby villages (Garica with 149 inhabitants (2001), Kampelje with 6 inhabitants (2001), and Risika with 146 inhabitants (2001). The Vrbnik Statute () was written in 1388, and confirms the status of Vrbnik as an administrative and political center. The town is also known through the folksong "Verbniče nad moren" or "Verbniče nad moru" (Oh Vrbnik over the Sea), sung as far away as White Carniola in Slovenia. Places of cultural significance include the Vitezić library, the Gothic Chapel of the Rosary and the Chapel of St. John in the Parish Church of the Assumption, and a collection of ancient manuscripts and List of Glagolitic manuscripts housed at the parish church. Vrbnik is known for its indigenous varietal of white wine called "Žlahtina". </doc> <doc id="2340106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340106" title="Sheila Ryan"> Sheila Ryan Sheila Ryan (born Katherine Elizabeth McLaughlin, June 8, 1921 – November 4, 1975) was an American actress who appeared in more than 60 movies. Born in Topeka, Kansas, Ryan went to Hollywood in 1939 at the age of 18. Her acting career began when she tried out for a role on a program at television station W6XAO (later KCBS) in Los Angeles, California. An article in a contemporary magazine reported, "She proved to be a perfect television type and was given a role at once." At age 19, Ryan was selected by a group of Hollywood directors as one of 13 "baby stars of 1940." She was signed by 20th Century Fox in 1940 and was credited in her early films as Bettie McLaughlin. Adopting the name Sheila Ryan, she starred in the crime drama "Dressed to Kill" the following year. Ryan appeared in other memorable films, including two Laurel and Hardy movies, "Great Guns" (1941) and "A-Haunting We Will Go" (1942), and the Busby Berkeley musical "The Gang's All Here" (1943). Ryan also was featured in several Charlie Chan and Michael Shayne mysteries. By the late 1940s, however, her career waned and she began appearing mostly in B movies, especially low-budget westerns. She worked with Gene Autry, co-starring in several of his films, including "The Cowboys and the Indians" (1949), and "Mule Train" (1950) as well as with Roy Rogers in films like "Song of Texas". She also had roles in several television shows such as "The Lone Ranger", notably the Pete-and-Pedro episode (#7 in 1949) and another entitled "The Whimsical Bandit" in 1950. Ryan retired from acting in 1968. Ryan had brown hair, was 5 feet, 2 inches tall, and weighed 107 pounds. A 1940 newspaper story included her in a group of actresses "whose alluring curves alone might have disqualified them from screen careers not so long ago," in the words of Travis Banton, a Hollywood stylist. Ryan married actor Allan Lane in 1945, but divorced him a year later. Later, she and actor Eddie Norris married, but they had problems in 1948. While working with Autry, Ryan met actor Pat Buttram. They married in 1952 and remained together until her death in 1975. They had a daughter, Kathleen Buttram, nicknamed Kerry. Ryan died November 4, 1975, in the Motion Picture Hospital in Woodland Hills, California from lung disease. She was 54 years old. Their daughter Kerry Buttram-Galgano died of cancer in 2008. </doc> <doc id="2340110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340110" title="List of lightweight boxing champions"> List of lightweight boxing champions This is a list of world lightweight boxing champions by organization, as recognized by four of the better-known sanctioning organizations: For a chronological list, see Chronological lightweight boxing champions. </doc> <doc id="2340111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340111" title="George Alagiah"> George Alagiah George Maxwell Alagiah ( born 22 November 1955) is a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the presenter of the "BBC News at Six" and has also been the main presenter of "GMT" on BBC World News since its launch on 1 February 2010. He is also the main relief presenter for the "BBC Ten O'Clock News" and has held this role since its launch in 2000, making him the longest serving presenter of the flagship news programme. Alagiah was born in Colombo, Ceylon. His parents, Donald Alagiah, an engineer, and Therese, were Sri Lankan Tamil. In 1961, his parents moved to Ghana in West Africa, where he had his primary education at Christ the King International School. His secondary education took place at St John's College, an independent Roman Catholic school in Portsmouth, England, after which he read politics at Van Mildert College, Durham University. Whilst at Durham, he wrote for and became editor of the student newspaper "Palatinate" and was a sabbatical officer of Durham Students' Union. He worked on "South Magazine" from 1982 until joining the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), where he was the Developing World correspondent based in London and then Southern Africa correspondent in Johannesburg. In 2004, he returned to his grandfather's original home in Sri Lanka in the aftermath of the Asian tsunami to survey the damage. The family's former home had been destroyed, but he was able to recognise an old well where he had played with his sisters, although the well was unsalvageable. Alagiah joined the BBC in 1989 after seven years in print journalism with "South Magazine". Before going behind the studio desk, he was one of the BBC's leading foreign correspondents, reporting on events ranging from the genocide in Rwanda to the plight of the Marsh Arabs in southern Iraq to the civil wars in Afghanistan, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Somalia. He was the presenter of "BBC Four News" from its launch in 2002; the programme was later relaunched as "The World". In January 2003 he joined the "BBC Six O'Clock News", which he co-presented with Sophie Raworth until October 2005, and with Natasha Kaplinsky until October 2007. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the sole presenter of the "Six O'Clock News". Prior to that, he had been the deputy anchor of the "BBC One O'Clock News" and "BBC Nine O'Clock News" from 1999. Since 3 July 2006, he has presented "World News Today" on BBC World News and BBC Two, which was rebranded "GMT" on 1 February 2010. He is also a relief presenter on "BBC News at Ten" presenting mainly Monday to Thursday when Fiona Bruce is unavailable. A specialist on Africa and the developing world, Alagiah has interviewed, among others, Nelson Mandela, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, former Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan and President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe. His other documentaries and features include reports on why affirmative action in America is a 'Lost Cause', for the "Assignment" programme, Saddam Hussein's genocidal campaign against the Kurds of northern Iraq for the BBC's "Newsnight" programme and a report on the last reunion of the veterans of Dunkirk. He earns £250,000 - £299,999 as a BBC presenter. In 2000, Alagiah was part of the BBC team which collected a BAFTA award for its coverage of the Kosovo conflict. He has won numerous awards including "Best International Report" at the Royal Television Society in 1993 and in 1994 was the overall winner of the Amnesty International UK Media Awards. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours. His appearances at literary festivals include Cheltenham, Keswick, Hay-on-Wye and London, and he has spoken at the Royal Geographical Society, the Royal Society of Arts and at the Royal Overseas League. He is on the Board of the Royal Shakespeare Company. From 2002 to 2009, Alagiah was a patron of the Fairtrade Foundation from which in July 2009, he was obliged to resign by BBC Management who claimed professional conflict of interest. Complaints were received at the BBC from the public who were unhappy that Alagiah had been asked to step down. The BBC responded that in keeping with its principles of impartiality, it would be inappropriate for one of its leading journalists to be seen supporting a movement that clearly represents a controversial view of global trade. He has also been actively involved in supporting microfinance as a tool for development, including recent appearances in support of Opportunity International. He has been a patron of Parenting UK since 2000. In 2010, he received the Outstanding Achievement in Television award at the Asian Awards. He is married to Frances Robathan, whom he met at Durham University. The couple have two children, Adam and Matthew. On 17 April 2014, it was announced that Alagiah was being treated for colorectal cancer. A statement from the BBC said: "He is grateful for all the good wishes he has received thus far and is optimistic for a positive outcome." On 28 June, Alagiah announced on Twitter that he was making "encouraging progress". Finally, in late October 2015, he announced on Twitter that the treatment was officially over and he subsequently returned to the BBC on 10 November. However, in January 2018 it emerged that the cancer had returned and he would undergo further treatment. In March 2018, in an interview with "The Sunday Times", Alagiah noted that his cancer was terminal and could have been caught earlier if the screening programme in England, which is automatically offered from the age of 60, was the same as that in Scotland, where it is automatically offered from the age of 50. </doc> <doc id="2340117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340117" title="Henry Mossop"> Henry Mossop Henry Mossop (1729 – 18 November 1873) was an Irish actor. He was born in Dunmore, County Galway, where his father was a clergyman. He made his first stage appearance as Zanga in Young's tragedy "The Revenge" at the Smock Alley Theatre in Dublin in 1749. Mossop's first London appearance was made in 1751 under Garrick's management as "Richard III". He returned to Ireland in 1759 and added to his laurels. Then he attempted management on his own account. He took over the Smock Alley theatre in 1860 and entered into intense rivalry with the Crow Street Theatre, run by Spranger Barry, which involved both houses in financial difficulties. When he went to London in 1771 to recruit actors he was arrested for debt and made a bankrupt. He toured the continent for a year in an effort to acquire funds but his health broke down and he died in poverty on 18 November 1873 (another account, in the "Gentleman's Magazine", gives his date of death as December 1874). </doc> <doc id="2340138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340138" title="Kalima"> Kalima Kalima (from , "kalimah", "word") may refer to: Kalima may also refer to: </doc> <doc id="2340146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340146" title="Nissan MR engine"> Nissan MR engine The MR is a family of straight-4 all-aluminium automobile engines with variable valve timing co-developed by Renault and Nissan. Renault calls it the M engine. Other noteworthy features of this engine family include acoustically equal runner lengths and a tumble control valve for the intake manifold, a "silent" timing chain, mirror finished crankshaft and camshaft journals, and offset cylinder placement for an attempt in increased efficiency. The MR engine family features 'under stress' manufacture, meaning while the block is being bored, a torque plate puts the block under stress. The block becomes temporarily distorted until the head is torqued onto it, at which point the block is pulled into the correct shape. The MR16DDT is a DIG-T (Direct Injection Gasoline-Turbocharged) inline-four engine, with a bore x stroke of . It was first introduced in the Nissan Juke small SUV in the autumn of 2010. Output is and . The 2014 Juke RS NISMO produced and .in 2015 Nissan Teana use 1.6 Turbo as replacement of the old 2.0 engine. Some of the pertinent features of the MR16DDT are: Applications: The MR18DE is a 1.8 L (1797 cc) version, bore is and stroke is . It produces . In America the output is at 5500 rpm and at 4800 rpm. On July 6, 2006 this engine is also fitted to Nissan Livina Geniss for China version and Nissan GRAND LIVINA for Indonesia and Malaysia version. Output is at 5,200 rpm and at 4,800 rpm. For Brazil, this engine is fitted to the Tiida and Livina ranges, with Flex-fuel capability. Applications: The MRA8DE is a 1.8 L (1797 cc) engine, different from the MR18DE as it has a twin variable valve timing system on both the intake and exhaust valves and uses a diamond-like carbon coating. Bore is and stroke is . It produces at 6,000rpm and at 3,600rpm, and has a compression ratio of 9.9:1. Applications: The MR20DE, a 2.0 L (1997 cc) engine was the first MR series engine developed by Nissan as a replacement for the QR20DE. It is an undersquare engine, its bore being and stroke . It was first introduced in the Lafesta and Serena MPVs and Renault Samsung SM5 in early 2005. In November 2006, it entered Renault's lineup in the Clio III as the M4R, where it generates . This engine is available with Nissan's XTRONIC CVT continuously variable transmission in several applications. A detuned version, with 133 PS (98 kW) instead of , was added to the new Bluebird Sylphy in late 2006. In the new Nissan X-Trail, Qashqai and C-Platform Sentra the MR20DE produces at 5100 rpm and at 4800 rpm. Middle East version of the MR20DE engine that goes in the Nissan Qashqai produces at 5200 rpm and at 4400 rpm. Applications: The MR20DD is a 2.0 L (1997 cc) engine developed by Nissan with direct injection and twin variable valve timing control. The MR20DD engine is "SU-LEV" certified in Japan, and produces at 5,600 rpm and of torque at 4,400 rpm. [Export markets: at 5,200 rpm and at 4,400 rpm] The Australian & New Zealand markets Nissan Qashqai ST and Ti models use a variant of the MR20DD which achieves 106 kW at 6000rpm and 200Nm at 4400rpm. Applications: The M9R and M9T are a family of straight-4 automobile Diesel engines co-developed by Nissan and Renault, the latter call them the M engines. Following Renault's designation plan the last letter (M9R resp. M9T) is to indicate the swept volume of 2.0 l resp. 2.3 litres. Although its similar names, the diesels are only loosely related to the MR gasoline engines. Features of the diesel engines include a cast-iron block, aluminium alloy cylinder head with double overhead camshafts, 16-valve layout and a bushes timing chain. The M9T is directed to heavier vehicles like the Nissan Navara or the Renault Master. It features 85 mm bore, 101.3 mm stroke and 2299 cc, balancer shafts, typical speeds are 3500 rpm for maximum power and 1250 rpm for maximum torque. Low output versions of the M9R for the Renault Trafic II at 66 and 85 kW had been replaced by the Renault R engine with the introduction of the Trafic III, while versions starting from 96 kW include VNT chargers. The top version of the Navara utilizes the M9T with twin turbo chargers and 140 kW. During production period engines had been updated up to Euro6 (in early 2017). The M9R is available in the tune in Nissan Qashqai, Nissan X-Trail, Renault Mégane, Renault Koleos and Renault Laguna models. In this trim the engine achieves maximum power at 4,000 rpm and maximum torque () at 2,000 rpm. A form with particulate filter is available in Renault Laguna and Nissan X-Trail models. A variant is also available on the Laguna GT. In both engines maximum power is achieved at 3,750 rpm and maximum torque is available from 1,750rpm. In order to reduce vibrations, balance shafts are included in some versions of the engine. The 2.0 dCi engine in all its versions complies with the Euro 4 and 5 standards for exhaust emissions. The New Mégane and New Laguna respectively emitted 144 g/km and 154 g/km of CO and the 175 hp (129 kW) version of New Laguna 2.0 dCi emits 159 g/km of CO; they all comply with the Euro 5 standards for exhaust emissions. In 2011 the 96 kW (130 PS) and M9R engines has been updated with an optional package to lower exhaust emissions (Euro5) and fuel consumption. These engines are tagged "2.0 Energy dCi 130" resp. "2.0 Energy dCi 150", typically maximum power is available at 3750 rpm and maximum torque at a minimum of 1750 rpm. The package comprises: The CO values were thus reduced to 118 g/km for the Laguna both the 2.0 Energy dCi 130 and 2.0 Energy dCi 150. The engine is fitted to the following vehicles: </doc> <doc id="2340159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340159" title="Ballasalla"> Ballasalla Ballasalla () is a village in the parish of Malew in the south-east of the Isle of Man, close to the airport and the town of Castletown. The lowest-level local authority is Malew Parish Commissioners who are based in Ballasalla. There are currently five commissioners. The day-to-day activities of the authority are run by the clerk, Mr Barry Powell. The commissioners' offices are located on the main road of the village close to the Whitestone Inn. The village has an active residents' association, Ballasalla and District Residents Association (BADRA). Since 2010 the village has had a very popular Community Partnership set up with the involvement of the Isle of Man Government, outside agencies and local residents, with Graham Cregeen, now MHK for Arbory, Castletown & Malew, as Chairman. The HQ of Citywing, the Isle of Man airline, is at Hangar 9 at Isle of Man Airport near Ballasalla. The former Manx Airlines also had its head office at the Airport. At Balthane on the eastern edge of the village is an industrial estate with local businesses including Athol Garage, sellers of motor vehicles, and Pooil Vaaish, dealing in slate, marble and monumental masonry. The village has its own primary school, Ballasalla School. Malew football club play their home games at the Malew Football Ground, Clagh Vane and Ronaldsway play their home games at the Ronaldsway Aircraft Factory Fields. Both clubs compete in the Isle of Man Football League. There are three buses an hour to Onchan, Douglas, Castletown, Port St Mary and Port Erin operated by the nationalised Bus Vannin. There are also infrequent buses to Foxdale and Peel. Ballasalla railway station, on the Isle of Man Railway, is on the eastern side of the village, and the railway operates between March and November. The station used to have its own cattle dock and goods sidings, seeing intensive use in the early to middle 20th century, but these were lost to office developments in 1985 when the station building was relocated. The A5 Douglas to Port Erin road runs through the village and this is the main route from Douglas to the south of the island. The Isle of Man Airport is at Ronaldsway just south of the village and also has a small request stop on the railway, a short distance from the terminal. Arriving air passengers sometimes catch trains for the novelty value of travelling by steam train. St Mark's Church is in St Mark's Road, some distance from the village. The foundation stone was laid in 1771 and it was consecrated in 1772 by the then Bishop of Sodor and Man, Mark Hildesley. It was intended to serve as a chapel of ease and a parish school more conveniently located for those from the outlying hill district than Kirk Malew Church. There was an ancient church near the site which is said to have been dedicated to St Mark. St Mary the Virgin, Abbey Church was built from local limestone sourced from Scarlett Point south of Castletown, with the foundation stone being laid in 1895 by Lady Ridgeway, the wife of the then Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man, Sir Joseph West Ridgeway. The church was consecrated in 1896 and remains in regular use today, with its own substantial church hall within its grounds. Both churches are Church of England in the Diocese of Sodor and Man. Ballasalla has had three Methodist chapels in the past. The original Ballafesson Wesleyan Methodist Chapel dates from about 1798. It was restructured in 1846, although the original roof slate is still intact. It is now a scout hall. Ballasalla (Bridge Road) Primitive Methodist Chapel was built in 1833. It closed as a chapel in 1949, but continued to be used as a Sunday school until 1975. It was sold in 1980 and the seats, pulpit and choir pews were moved to Ballafesson Wesleyan Methodist Chapel. A second Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built in the village in 1893. It closed in 1980 and was demolished in 1981 as the building was unsafe. Ballasalla is the site of the mediaeval Monks' Bridge over the Silver Burn, which leads to the Manx National Heritage site of Rushen Abbey; this forms part of the Story Of Mann set of attractions established in 1989 and now part of an island-wide series of attractions. The abbey was extensively redeveloped as a heritage site in 1996, having latterly been home to The Academy, one of very few nightclubs outside of Douglas. Also near the village is the Silverdale Glen, set amongst woodland, with a small boating lake, café, sprawling playing fields and playground including a water-powered carousel. A wooded footpath alongside the Silverburn river runs between Rushen Abbey, the Monks' Bridge, and Silverdale Glen. In a small hamlet above the village the eponymous St Mark's Fair is held annually on the third Saturday in July. The Millennium Way long distance footpath, opened in 1979, which begins at Castle Rushen and heads north towards Ramsey, runs through the village alongside the banks of the river, leading to Poulsom Park in Castletown to the south, and to St. Mark's above the village to the north. The village has a pub and various shops. The local authority Malew Parish Commissioners office is next to the pub. A modern office development, Portland Court, occupies the former railway goods yard. This was sold off in 1985 for redevelopment, and the new station lies on the opposite side of the tracks. </doc> <doc id="2340161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340161" title="Mona Freeman"> Mona Freeman Monica Elizabeth "Mona" Freeman (June 9, 1926 – May 23, 2014) was an American actress and painter. Her daughter, Monie Ellis (born 1947), became an actress as well. Freeman was born in Baltimore, Maryland, and grew up in Pelham, New York. A lumberman's daughter, she was a model while in high school, and was selected the first "Miss Subways" of the New York City transit system in 1940. Paramount Pictures signed Freeman to a contract after she moved to Hollywood. She eventually signed a movie contract with Howard Hughes. Her contract was later sold to Paramount Pictures. Her first film appearance was in the 1944 film "Till We Meet Again". She became a popular teenage movie star. After a series of roles as a pretty, naive teenager she complained of being typecast. As an adult, Freeman's career slowed and she appeared in mostly B-movies, though an exception was her role in the film noir "Angel Face" (1952). She also co-starred in the hit film "Jumping Jacks" with the comedy team of Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Freeman's appearances in films ended in the 1950s but she continued to work in television. Among her appearances were seven guest roles on "The United States Steel Hour" from 1960–1962 and three on "Perry Mason", all of them roles as Mason's client: Jane Wardman in the 1962 episode, "The Case of the Lurid Letter", Rosanne Ambrose in the 1964 episode, "The Case of the Illicit Illusion", and Ellen Payne in the 1965 episode, "The Case of the 12th Wildcat". Freeman was also a portrait painter and after 1961, she concentrated on painting. Her best-known portrait is that of businesswoman Mary See, founder of See's Candies. Freeman married Pat Nerney, a car dealer, in Los Angeles in 1945. The couple had one daughter, Mona. They divorced in 1952. In 1961 she married H. Jack Ellis, a businessman from Los Angeles. Freeman died on May 23, 2014 at the age of 87 after a long illness at her Beverly Hills home. </doc> <doc id="2340164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340164" title="Atlantic Telegraph Company"> Atlantic Telegraph Company The Atlantic Telegraph Company was a company formed on 6 November 1856 to undertake and exploit a commercial telegraph cable across the Atlantic ocean, the first such telecommunications link. The project stemmed from an agreement between the American Cyrus Field and the Englishmen John Watkins Brett and Charles Tilston Bright, and was incorporated in December 1856 with £350,000 capital, raised principally in London, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow. The board of directors was composed of eighteen members from the United Kingdom, nine from the United States and three from Canada. The original three projectors were joined by E.O.W. Whitehouse as chief electrician. Curtis M. Lampson served ably as vice-chairman for over a decade. The board recruited the physicist William Thomson (later Lord Kelvin), who had publicly disputed some of Whitehouse's claims. The two enjoyed a tense relationship before Whitehouse was dismissed when the first cable failed in 1858. When a second cable, under Thomson's supervision, was proposed, the Admiralty lent the hulks of HMS Amethyst and HMS "Iris" to the Company in 1864, both ships were then extensively modified in 1865 for ferrying the Atlantic cable from the works at Enderby's wharf, in East Greenwich, London, to "Great Eastern" at her Sheerness mooring. A new subsidiary company, the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company, under the chairmanship of John Pender was formed to execute the new venture. The cable was coiled down into great cylindrical tanks at the Wharf before being fed into "Great Eastern". "Amethyst" and "Iris" transferred the 2500 miles (4022 km) of cable to "Great Eastern", beginning in February 1865, an operation that took over three months. On the failure of the expedition to lay the second cable in 1865, a third company was formed to raise the capital for a further attempt, the Anglo-American Telegraph Company. Both the hulks and "Great Eastern" were put to use again in 1866 and again in 1869. The next expedition in 1866 was a success, also succeeding in recovering the lost second cable. The service generated revenues of £1000 in its first day of operation. The approximate price to send a telegram was: one word, one mile (1.6 km)= $0.0003809 The Atlantic Telegraph Company operated the only two trans-Atlantic cables without competition until 1869, when a French cable was laid. Shortly after this company was established, an agreement was made to coordinate pricing of telegraph services and share revenues, effectively combining the French and Anglo-American interests into one combine. A second French company, Compagnie française du télégraphe de Paris à New-York, was established in 1879. In 1870, the Atlantic Telegraph Company merged with rivals the New York, Newfoundland and London Telegraph Company, and the French Atlantic Cable Company to form the Anglo-American Telegraph Company. Secretariat records (two volumes) of the Anglo-American Telegraph Company, 1866-1869, are held by BT Archives. </doc> <doc id="2340165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340165" title="Laterculus Veronensis"> Laterculus Veronensis The Laterculus Veronensis or Verona List is a list of Roman provinces from the times of the Roman emperors Diocletian and Constantine I. The list is transmitted only in a 7th-century manuscript, which is preserved in the Chapter House Library (Biblioteca Capitolare) in Verona. The most recent critical edition is that of . Earlier editions include that by , that by Otto Seeck in his edition of the Notitia dignitatum (1876), and by Alexander Riese in the "Geographi Latini minores" (1878). The document comprises a list of the names of all the provinces of the empire (c. 100 in total), organised according to the 12 newly created regional groupings called dioceses. Although the 12 dioceses are presented in a single list, they are not ordered in a single geographical sequence but rather in two separate eastern and western groups, the eastern group (Oriens, Pontica, Asiana, Thraciae, Moesiae, Pannoniae) preceding the western (Britanniae, Galliae, Viennensis, Italiae, Hispaniae, Africa). The split is apparent from the discontinuity midway in the list between the dioceses of Pannoniae and Britanniae. The eastern half of the list circles the Mediterranean neatly anticlockwise from south to north or, in continental terms, from Africa, through Asia, to Europe. The arrangement of the western half is less tidy, though it is approximately anticlockwise from north to south, or from Europe to Africa. Theodor Mommsen had dated the provincial situation in the list to 297, but later research changed the estimate to 314–324 for the Eastern Half and 303–314 for the Western Half of the Roman empire. The most recent work by Timothy Barnes and Constantin Zuckerman concludes that the entire document belongs to a single moment, c. 314, the eastern and western parts corresponding to the respective spheres of responsibility of the emperors Licinius and Constantine during the period between Licinius’ defeat of Maximinus II (Daia) in 313 and his own defeat in his first civil war with Constantine in 316-317. Below is an English version of the content of the list (Square brackets [] represent additions/corrections to transmitted text): </doc> <doc id="2340181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340181" title="Paul Smith (rock vocalist)"> Paul Smith (rock vocalist) Paul Smith (born 13 March 1979, Stockton-on-Tees), is a musician best known as the singer for the British indie rock group Maxïmo Park. Smith is the eldest of three children, and was educated at Northfield School. He briefly worked as an art teacher at Stockton Riverside College before he was asked to join the band. He attended Newcastle University completing a BA and MA, studying Art History and English Linguistics, following a 1-year Foundation Studies course at Cleveland College of Art and Design in Hartlepool. In 2016 Smith and his wife welcomed their first child, a girl. Maxïmo Park released their debut album on Warp Records in 2005 and Smith continues to perform and record with the band. He is known for his energetic and passionate performances. Away from the band, he has collaborated with poet Lavinia Greenlaw on a musical adaptation of her poem "Essex Kiss", as well as composing a 26-minute a cappella piece of music for Great North Run Culture. The work is entitled "A Mind Full of Nothing But Continue" and was performed live in 2013 at Sage Gateshead. An as yet unreleased recording of the entire work was made in the spring of 2014 at Dave Maughan's FMP Studio in Newcastle upon Tyne, co-produced by Paul Smith and Dave Maughan. Smith released his debut solo album "Margins" in 2010, before undertaking a full European and UK tour. Alongside this release, his first photographic book, "Thinking in Pictures", was released, featuring 74 Polaroids taken over six years. He appeared as a guest editor for The Mays XIX and was an artistic advisor for the 2013 Festival of the North East. In 2014 Smith teamed up with Field Music singer Peter Brewis to record an album, "Frozen by Sight", derived from his travel writing and featuring string arrangements by Brewis. In 2015 he released "Contradictions", a solo album, as Paul Smith and The Intimations, and in 2018 will release fourth solo album "Diagrams". Smith is a supporter of the football club Middlesbrough. In the 2003–04 and 2004–05 seasons, Smith played as a striker in the Tyneside Amateur League before leaving due to his growing commitments with Maxïmo Park. </doc> <doc id="2340191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340191" title="Louise Chandler Moulton"> Louise Chandler Moulton Louise Chandler Moulton (April 10, 1835 - August 10, 1908) was an American poet, story-writer and critic. Contributing poems and stories of power and grace to the leading magazines, "Harper's Magazine", "The Atlantic", "The Galaxy", the first "Scribner's", she also published a half-dozen very successful books for children, "Bedtime Stories", "Firelight Stories", "Stories Told at Twilight", and others that were considered popular in their day. She collected a few of her many adult tales into volumes, "Miss Eyre of Boston" and "Some Women's Hearts". It is in Boston that she did the greater part of her work, including her books of travel, "Random Rambles" and "Lazy Tours", published her four volumes of poetry, and edited and prefaced biographies, "A Last Harvest" and "Garden Secrets", and the "Collected Poems" of Philip Bourke Marston, as well as a selection from Arthur O'Shaughnessy's verses. Ellen Louise Chandler was born April 10, 1835, in Pomfret, Connecticut, the only child of Lucius L. Chandler and Louisa R. (Clark) Chandler. Moulton's imagination was fostered during her childhood. Her parents clung to the strictest Calvinistic principles. Games, dances, romances, were forbidden; and, as playmates were few, the child lived in a world of fancy. "I was lonely," she said, "and I sought companions. What was there to do but to create them?" Indeed, before she was eight years old, her active mind was creating a world of its own in a little unwritten play, which it pleased her fancy to call a Spanish drama, and with which she spent all summer, filling it with personages. The rigid Calvinism of the family had undoubtedly a very stimulating effect on the emotions of the sensitive child, and to its far-reaching influence may be ascribed the tinge of melancholy found in many of her pages. As a child, Moulton also exhibited a great vitality, especially when she was not burdened with the terrors of "damnation". Running in the face of a great wind was one of her joys, and she realized the reverse of such emotion in listening to the sound of the wind through an outer keyhole, which seemed to her the calling of trumpets, the crying of lost souls. She was sent to school at an early age, eventually becoming the pupil of the Rev. Roswell Park, at that time rector of the Episcopal church in Pomfret, and also the head of a school called Christ Church Hall. It was a school for boys as well as girls; and one of her schoolmates here, for a season, was James Abbott McNeill Whistler. She kept the pictures that he drew for her in those days. At the age of 15, Moulton began to publish the work which she had written for the past eight years. It would be difficult to say what it was that inclined her to a literary life as she had no literary friends. She felt her movements had to be secret as if she were committing a crime when she sent off her first verses to a daily paper published in Norwich, Connecticut. It was on her way from school one day that she happened to take the paper from the office; and, when she opened it, there were the lines she had written. Three years later, Messrs. Phillips, Sampson and Company, of Boston, published for her "This, That, and the Other," a collection of stories and poems which had appeared in various magazines and newspapers. Directly after the publication of this first book, Moulton went for a final school-year to Emma Willard's Troy Female Seminary in August 1854, finishing in 1855. Six weeks after leaving the Troy Female Seminary, on August 27, 1855, she married a Boston publisher, William Upham Moulton (d. 1898), under whose auspices her earliest literary work had appeared in "The True Flag". In 1855, she published, "Juno Clifford", a story issued anonymously ("By A Lady"; 1855), and by "My Third Book" followed in 1859. Her literary output was interrupted until 1873 when she resumed activity with "Bed-time Stories", the first of a series of volumes, including "Firelight Stories" (1883) and "Stories told at Twilight" (1890). Meanwhile, she had taken an important place in American literary society, writing regular critiques for the "New York Tribune" from 1870 to 1876. Serving as the paper's Boston literary correspondent, she wrote a series of interesting letters concerning the literary life of Boston, giving advance reviews of new books and telling of the affairs of the Radical Club. In all the six years during which these letters appeared, she never made in them any unkind statement, or wrote a sentence that could cause pain. Through all her critical work, she has exercised a tender regard for the feelings of others, as well as great generosity of praise, preferring rather to be silent than to utter an unkindness. Her first voyage to Europe was made in January 1876. Pausing in London long enough to see Queen Victoria open Parliament in person for the first time after the Prince Consort's death, she hastened through Paris on her way to Rome to view old palaces, gardens, and galleries, touched to tears by Pope Pius IX's benediction, enjoying the hospitality of the studios of Elihu Vedder, John Rollin Tilton, and others, and of the gracious and charming social life of Rome. Her descriptions of all this, overflowing with the sensitiveness to beauty which was a part of her nature, made her "Random Rambles" interesting reading. After Rome, she visited Florence, and then Venice, and then again Paris, and again London and the London season. Entertained by Lord Houghton, she met Robert Browning and Algernon Charles Swinburne, George Eliot, Alexander William Kinglake, Theodore Watts-Dunton, and others, seeing especially a great deal of Browning who said, "Her voice, wherein all sweetnesses abide," having as much to do with all this as her literary excellence. In the winter of 1876, the Macmillans brought out her first volume of "Poems" (renamed "Swallow flights" in the English edition of 1877), which was highly praised by the critics. "The Examiner" spoke of the power and originality of the verses, of the music and the intensity as surpassing any verse of George Eliot's, declaring that the sonnet entitled "One Dread" might have been written by Sir Philip Sidney. "The Athenaeum" also dwelt on the vivid and subtle imagination and delicate loveliness of these verses and their perfection of technique. "The Academy" spoke warmly of their felicity of epithet, their healthiness, their suggestiveness, their imaginative force pervaded by the depth and sweetness of perfect womanhood. "The Tattler" pronounced her a mistress of form and of artistic perfection, saying also that England had no poet in such full sympathy with woods and winds and waves, finding in her the one truly natural singer in an age of aesthetic imitation. "She gives the effect of the sudden note of the thrush," it said. "She is as spontaneous as Walther von der Vogelweide. "The Times", "The Morning Post", the "Literary World", all welcomed the book with equally warm praise, and "The Pall Mall Gazette" spoke of her lyrical feeling as like that which gave a unique charm to Heinrich Heine's songs. She had met very few of these critics, and their cordial recognition was as surprising to her as it was delightful. Among the innumerable letters which she received, filled with admiring warmth, were some from Matthew Arnold, Henry Austin Dobson, Frederick Locker, and William Bell Scott. Her songs were set to music by Francesco Berger and Lady Charlesmont, and later on by Margaret Ruthven Lang, Arthur Foote, Ethelbert Nevin, and many others. Marston wrote her, "Much as we all love and admire your work, it seems to me we have not yet fully realized the unostentatious loveliness of your lyrics, as fine for lyrics as your best sonnets are for sonnets. 'How Long' struck me more than ever. The first verse is eminently characteristic of you, exhibiting in a very marked degree what runs through nearly all of your poems, the most exquisite and subtle blending of strong emotion with the sense of external nature. It seems to me this perfect poem is possessed by the melancholy yet tender music of winds sighing at twilight, in some churchyard, through old trees that watch beside silent graves. Then nothing can be more subtly beautiful than the closing lines of the sonnet, 'In Time to Come':— "'Which was it spoke to you, the wind or I? I think you, musing, scarcely will have heard.'" Marston wrote her again concerning "The House of Death" that it was one of the most beautiful, the most powerful poems he knew. "No poem gives me such an idea of the heartlessness of Nature. The poem is Death within and Summer without—light girdling darkness—and it leaves a picture and impression on the mind never to be effaced." The poem of "The House of Death" is unequalled in its tragic beauty and sweetness. It was apropos of this volume that in one of his letters to her Robert Browning said he had closed the book with music in his ears and flowers before his eyes, and not without thoughts across his brain. And it was concerning a later poem, "Laus Veneris," inspired by a painting of his own, that Edward Burne-Jones said it made him work all the more confidently and was a real refreshment. One of Moulton's most appreciative, scholastic, and discriminating critics was Professor John Meiklejohn. He has said with authority that she deserved to be classed with the best Elizabethan lyricists in her lyrics,—with Robert Herrick and Thomas Campion and Shakespeare,—while in her sonnets she might rightly take a place with John Milton and William Wordsworth and Christina Rossetti. "I cannot tell you how keen and great enjoyment (sometimes even rapture)," he wrote her, "I have got out of your exquisite lyrics." In a series of "Notes," following the poems, line by line, he asserted that the poet won her success by the simplest means and plainest words, as true genius always does, and that her pages were full of emotional and imaginative meaning, Nature and Poetry uniting in an indissoluble whole; and Shelley himself, he said, would have been proud to own certain of the lines. The poem "Quest" he found so beautiful that, in his own words, it was "difficult to speak of it in perfectly measured and unexaggerated language." Of the poem "Wife to Husband" he said that "the tenderness, the sweet and compelling rhythm, are worthy of the best Elizabethan days." The sonnet, "A Summer's Growth," "unites," he says, the "passion of such Italian poets as Dante with the imagination of modern English." This was in relation to her first volume, "Swallow Flights"; and in conclusion he said: "This poet must look for her brothers in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries among the noble and intense lyrists. Her insight, her subtlety, her delicacy, her music, are hardly matched, and certainly not surpassed by Herrick or Campion or Crashaw or Carew or Herbert or Vaughan." She wrote a weekly literary letter for the Sunday issue of the "Boston Herald" from 1886 to 1892. Thenceforward, she spent the summers in London and the rest of the year in Boston, where her salon was one of the principal resorts of literary talent. In 1889, another volume of verse, "In the Garden of Dreams", confirmed her reputation as a poet. Of the poems in this volume, "In the Garden of Dreams," Meiklejohn affirmed that the perfect little gem, "Roses," was worthy of Goethe, and that "As I Sail" had the firmness and imaginativeness of Heine, the perfect simplicity containing magic. "Wordsworth never wrote a stronger line," he said of one in "Voices on the Wind." In "At the Wind's Will" again the same critic recognized the strong style of the 16th century, noble and daring rhythms, the "quintessence of passion," successes gained by the "courage of simplicity," rare specimens of compression as well as of sweetness. "The Gentle Ghost of Joy" he thought "a wonderful voluntary in the best style of Chopin." In a line of one of the sonnets, "Yet done with striving and foreclosed of care," he finds something as good as anything of Drayton's. He pronounced the two sonnets called "Great Love" worthy of a "place among Dante's and Petrarch's sonnets," and of the sonnet, "Were but my Spirit loosed upon the Air," he wrote, "It is one of the greatest and finest sonnets in the English language." She also wrote several volumes of prose fiction, including "Miss Eyre from Boston and Other Stories", and some descriptions of travel, including "Lazy Tours in Spain" (1896). She was well known for the extent of her literary influence, the result of a sympathetic personality combined with fine critical taste. Her home in Boston, after her marriage, was a delightful one. Her house was soon a centre of attraction; and, surrounded by friends, she exercised there a gracious hospitality, and met the men and women who made the Boston of that epoch famous. Here was born her daughter, Florence, who later married William Schaefer, of South Carolina. Here her husband died, and here she has remained through the days of her widowhood till the house become historic. With the exception of the two years immediately following Mr. Moulton's death, when she remained at home and in seclusion, Moulton has every summer sailed away for foreign shores. She did not print letters or utter gossip concerning the houses in which she had been a guest. Every winter, she was back in Boston, where her house was a centre of literary life. She was fhe friend of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and John Greenleaf Whittier and Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr. in their lifetime, the acquaintance of George Henry Boker, and Ralph Waldo Emerson, and James Russell Lowell, and John Boyle O'Reilly, and of Sarah Helen Whitman (the fiancée of Edgar Allan Poe), of Rose Terry Cooke and Nora Perry, of Stedman and Stoddard, Julia Ward Howe, Arlo Bates, Edward Everett Hale, William Dean Howells, William Winter, Anne Whitney, Alice Brown, and Louise Guiney. She was on pleasant terms with Sir Walter Besant, William Sharp, Dr. Horder, Mathilde Blind, Holman Hunt, Lucy Clifford, Rosa Campbell Praed, Coulson Kernahan, John Davidson, Kenneth Grahame, Richard Le Gallienne, Anthony Hope, Robert Smythe Hichens, William Watson, George Meredith, Thomas Hardy, and Alice Meynell, as well as Christina Rossetti, William Morris, Jean Ingelow, and William Black. After a lengthy illness, she died in Boston on August 10, 1908. Lilian Whiting's biography ("Louise Chandler Moulton, Poet and Friend". Illustrated. Boston: Little, Brown & Co., 1910) was direct and clear in its method, chronological and narrative rather than critical, compiled largely from the letters of Moulton and from the journal that was kept faithfully from age eight to the last days of failing health. With due acknowledgment of Moulton's gifts of personal charm and poetic sentiment and refinement, few discriminating readers ascribed to her verses that quality of genius. So it was considered unfortunate that Whiting began her biography with this word, as one of the implied characteristics of her subject. In her general treatment of Moulton's poetry, however, Whiting showed justice and reserve as well as sympathetic appreciation. </doc> <doc id="2340193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340193" title="Jaguar S-Type (1963)"> Jaguar S-Type (1963) The Jaguar S-Type is a saloon car produced by Jaguar Cars in the United Kingdom from 1963 to 1968. Announced 30 September 1963 it was a technically more sophisticated development of the Mark 2, offering buyers a more luxurious alternative without the size and expense of the Mark X. The S-Type sold alongside the Mark 2, as well as the Jaguar 420 following its release in 1966. The Jaguar Mark 2 was introduced in 1959 and sold throughout most of the 1960s. It had a live rear axle and was powered by the XK six-cylinder engine first used in the Jaguar XK120 of 1948. In the Mark 2 the engine was available in 2.4, 3.4 and 3.8-litre capacities. In 1961 Jaguar launched two new models. The full size Jaguar Mark X saloon (pronounced "mark ten") used Jaguar's new independent rear suspension and a triple SU carburettor version of the 3.8-litre XK engine. The other new car for 1961 was the Jaguar E-Type sports car, which shared the same 3.8-litre engine as the Mark X and a scaled-down version of the independent rear suspension. Having released the Mark X with its many technical refinements, Jaguar boss Sir William Lyons expected the Mark 2 would need updating with similar features if it was to retain its place in the market. Accordingly, work began on developing the S-Type (codenamed "Utah Mk III", the Mark 2 having been "Utah Mk II") as soon as development work was finished on the Mark X. The S-Type was a major redevelopment of the Mark 2. It used a mid-scale version of the Mark X independent rear suspension to replace the Mark 2's live rear axle and featured longer rear bodywork, among other styling and interior changes. The S-Type was available with either 3.4 or 3.8-litre XK engines but only in twin carburettor form because the triple carburettor setup would not fit into what was essentially still the Mark 2 engine bay. By the time of the S-Type's release in 1963, the Mark 2 remained an unexpectedly strong seller despite its age. Although the Mark X was selling less well than hoped, especially in its intended market of the USA, Sir William decided to retain all three models in the Jaguar range concurrently. The Mark X was renamed "420G" in 1966 and was joined by another new model, the 4.2-litre 420. The 420 was developed to replace the S-Type but because some demand remained for the S-Type, all four saloon models (Mark 2, S-Type, 420 and 420G) remained on sale until the arrival of the Jaguar XJ6 in 1968. The XJ6 replaced all but the 420G in the Jaguar range. No new engines were developed for the S-Type. It was first released with the SU HD-8 twin-carburettor variant of the 3.8-litre XK engine, the same as that which powered the 3.8-litre Mark 2. The 3.8-litre was the only engine offered on S-Types sold into the US market. The lower powered 3.4-litre S-Type used the same 3.4-litre engine as the Mark 2. It was released a few months after the 3.8S and was not made available at any stage on Jaguar's press demonstrator fleet in the UK. Whereas the 3.4-litre version remained the most popular engine option for the Mark 2, the 3.8-litre S-Type outsold the 3.4 S in the ratio 3 to 2, this despite the 3.8 S being discontinued in mid-1968, a couple of months before the 3.4S. Despite the S-Type's weight gain of over the Mark 2, no changes were deemed necessary to the Dunlop four-wheel disc braking system. Major changes were made to the S-Type's steering system. The Burman power steering system in the Mark 2, with its 4.3 turns lock-to-lock, was regarded as being excessively low geared and lacking in road feel. In the S-Type it was replaced by a higher-geared Burman unit of 3.5 turns lock-to-lock, which linked the input shaft and hydraulic valve by a torsion spring to improve its "feel". The heating and ventilating system of the Mark 2 was not considered adequate for the more upmarket S-Type and was replaced with an improved system. Separate control of ventilation direction was provided for both driver and front seat passenger. Warm air could also be directed to the rear passengers through an outlet situated on the propeller shaft tunnel cover between the two front seats. A key element of the Mark X that Jaguar wanted to include in the S-Type was its sophisticated, and by then widely acclaimed, Jaguar independent rear suspension. The suspension was a revelation at the time of its introduction, and remained the benchmark against which others were judged until the 1980s. Essentially a double wishbone setup, it uses the driveshaft as the upper wishbone. It carries the drive, braking, suspension and damping units in a single fabricated steel crossbridge, which is isolated from the bodyshell by rubber blocks. Including this suspension in the S-Type necessitated the development of a new crossbridge suitable for its 54" track, coming as it did between the 58" track of the Mark X and 50" track of the E-Type. The S-Type used the same subframe mounted, coil sprung, twin wishbone front suspension as the Mark 2. Sir William wanted to introduce some of the Mark X's sleeker and sharper lines into the S-Type but with limited time and money available, most effort was applied to restyling the rear bodywork. The S-Type was given extended rear bodywork similar to that on the Mark X, which also gave it a much larger boot than the Mark 2. Relatively minor changes were made to the frontal styling of the car in an attempt to balance the longer rear styling, but the overall effect at the front was still very rounded. The only change made to the centre section was to flatten and extend the rear roofline, which made the car look larger and helped to give rear seat passengers slightly more headroom. The styling of the S-Type was regarded by many of those who worked on it as being not altogether successful. The mismatch between the horizontal lines of its rear styling and the rounded front was least flattering when viewing the car from the front quarter. This ref. quotes Cyril Crouch, Assistant Chief Body Engineer at Browns Lane during development of the S-Type, as saying "We ourselves appreciated what an ugly looking car it was, and when it came out there was a ... 'Is that the best you can do?' sort of thing! People like myself had to take the stick for producing such an abomination! Perhaps I shouldn't call it that, but I think everyone was very pleased to see the end of the S and move on to the 420. It seemed an odd-looking vehicle." The reasonable sales success of the S-Type prior to the release of the Jaguar 420 suggests that not everyone was as offended by its styling as Mr Crouch. Nevertheless, the 420 did "finish the job" in a styling sense by adding to the car a squarer, four-headlamp front end more like that of the Mark X. Among the significant styling changes between the Mark II and the S-Type were: the tail was extended, with styling features similar to the Mark X, but scaled down; the Mark 2's spats over the rear wheels were deleted and the rear guards reshaped and brought lower over the wheels; new slimline bumpers were used front and rear, the front bumper still featuring a dip to reveal the full depth of the radiator grille; wraparound indicators and low mounted sidelights were added at the bottoms of the front wings; the foglamps were recessed more deeply into the wing fronts; the grille was given a thicker surround and centre bar; the headlamps were given a small peak, making the car look longer and thus going some way towards balancing the longer tail; the roofline was lowered, made flatter and extended rearwards slightly; and the rear window became larger and more upright. Starting with the Mark 2's unitary bodyshell, Jaguar's engineers had to alter it to accommodate the independent rear suspension's extra bulk and weight and to extend the rear bodywork. Structural changes at the front were minimal and no changes at all were made to the inner scuttle, windscreen or dashboard structure. Among the significant structural differences between the Mark 2 and S-Type are: the reprofiled roof line resulted in the B-pillar being approximately 1" (25.4 mm) lower and the rear window aperture being larger and more upright; the Mark 2's underbody reinforcing rails were extended to the rear of the car and enclosed, sweeping up and over the space for the rear suspension assembly; the boot floor was double-skinned and ribbed for additional strength; the spare wheel well was relocated centrally in the boot floor (it was on the right in the Mark 2); the lid of the new longer boot (trunk) was secured by two catches rather than the single catch of the Mark 2; the 12-gallon () fuel tank was removed from under the boot floor and replaced by two 7-gallon (approx. ) tanks, one inside each rear wing; new front wings were made to carry the frontal styling changes listed above; new attachment points were made for the new wings and bumpers; and new wheelarches were made to match the new front guards and rear structure. The S-Type's interior again reflected the styling of the Mark X but included features particular to the S-Type. Changes to the rear seat accommodation gave the impression of far greater room than in the rear of a Mark 2 and changes to the front of the cabin also gave the impression of greater luxury. Interior differences between the Mark 2 and S-Type included a scaled down Mark X Burled Belgian walnut veneer dashboard with a burled walnut pull-out drinks tray below the centre section, the veneer extending to the dashboard centre section, which in the Mark 2 had been covered with black vinyl; a full width parcel tray was fitted below the dashboard; new controls were provided to go with the improved heating and ventilation system; the front seats were widened to give the appearance of being almost full width, and each was provided with an inboard armrest; the centre console was redesigned to suit the wider front seats and rear compartment heating arrangements; the door trims were given horizontal fluting; Mark X type armrests were added to the front doors along with an elasticated map pocket; the rear doors were given new armrests with a flip-top ashtray and magazine pocket; the front seats were given a new fore and aft adjustment mechanism that raised the rear of the seat as it was moved forwards; the backs of the front seats were made thinner to the benefit of rear seat passenger legroom, and the rear seat had a thinner squab and its backrest was more steeply angled, further benefitting headroom already enhanced by the slightly higher rear roofline. These changes did, however, leave longer legged rear seat passengers in a fairly uncomfortable 'knee-high' posture. A contemporary road test by Autosport magazine was typical in describing the "on paper" performance of the 3.8 S-Type as slower than the 3.8-litre Mark 2 but its actual cross-country performance as faster. Despite its extra weight, the S-Type's independent rear suspension allowed it to corner faster than the Mark 2, especially on uneven surfaces. Other benefits ascribed to the rear suspension were better traction and a much smoother ride for rear seat passengers. Some enthusiasts rued the loss of the Mark 2's "driftability" and noted that the S-Type suffered more body roll during high speed cornering but the consensus was that the S-Type provided significant improvements over the Mark 2 in roadholding, safety and ride comfort. Car and Driver concluded its test report on a 3.8S with these words, """It can be a convenient family car, a businessman's express, a sports coupe, and a grand tourer. The latter two classifications come particularly clear to anyone who spends much time with the car in the wet, when the sure-footedness of its all independent suspension and the Dunlop RS-5 tires makes its responsive handling an absolute revelation. The S-Type represents a great step forward for what has always been a fine automobile." The RS-5 cross-ply tyres were soon to be replaced by much better Dunlop SP41 radials, further enhancing the car's handling and grip. Recorded performance figures obviously differed between testers and gearbox options but for the purposes of comparison, the following contemporary data are typical: 3.4 Mark 2 automatic 0–60 mph 10.0 sec Max speed 3.4S manual/overdrive 0–60 mph 13.9 sec Max speed 3.8S manual/overdrive 0–60 10.3 sec Max speed 3.8S automatic 0–60 mph 11.5 sec Max speed Several significant changes were made to the S-Type's interior and mechanicals during its six years in production. Of the various performance enhancing mechanical changes, most were applied to both the 3.4S and 3.8S at the same time. These were: The only production development not shared by both the 3.4S and 3.8S was that the Powr-Lok limited slip differential option ceased to be available on the 3.4S when the 1967 cost saving trim revisions were introduced. In 1966 a dashboard switch was provided for the heated rear window, which had previously remained "on" as long as the ignition was on, leading to instances of flat batteries. Though introduced in 1963, only a small number of S-Types was produced in that year. The S-Type did not manage to overtake the Mark 2's production figures until 1965. It repeated the feat in 1966, the year in which the Jaguar 420 and its badge-engineered partner the Daimler Sovereign were introduced. In 1967 the 420/Sovereign outsold both the S-Type and the Mark 2, despite a resurgence in the latter's sales that year. Both the Mark 2 and 420/Sovereign easily outsold the S-Type in 1967 and 1968. Sales of the S-Type in 1968, its last year of production, fell below four figures. Top seller in 1968 was actually the venerable Mark 2, potential buyers of both the S-Type and 420/Sovereign hanging back to wait for the new Jaguar XJ6. Introduced late in 1968, the Jaguar XJ6 was slightly larger than the S-Type and 420/Sovereign and swept them both from the Jaguar range, with the Mark 2 continuing as the 240/340. The 420G continued to be available until 1970. Production figures for each year of the S-Type's life were: 1963 – 43 1964 – 7,032 1965 – 9,741 1966 – 6,260 1967 – 1,008 1968 – 909 </doc> <doc id="2340199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340199" title="Sherman, New York (disambiguation)"> Sherman, New York (disambiguation) Sherman, New York, is the name of two places in Chautauqua County, New York, USA: </doc> <doc id="2340201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340201" title="Rushen Abbey"> Rushen Abbey Rushen Abbey is an abbey on the Isle of Man, located in Ballasalla. Originally home for monks of the Savignac order, it soon came under Cistercian control and remained so until its dissolution. The abbey is located two miles from Castle Rushen, the politically most important site on the island in medieval times. Both these sites are on the "Awin Rosien", a river now called the Silver Burn. The abbey was founded in 1134, under Óláfr Guðrøðarson's control. He granted the land to Savignac monks from Furness Abbey. In 1147 the abbey came under Cistercian rule following the merging of the Savignac and Cistercian orders. The abbey church dedicated to St Mary was completed in 1257. The abbey was dissolved in the 16th century. In 1853 the Isle of Man Government bought Rushen Abbey with the intention of turning it into a lunatic asylum, but it was never used for such a purpose, and in 1864 an Act was passed revoking the sale. In the early 1900s, the abbey ruins became a popular tourist destination, famous for the strawberries and cream served in its gardens. After falling into disrepair after World War II, the abbey was acquired by Manx National Heritage in May 1998, and restorations have now been made. Soon afterwards, excavations began, and archaeologists discovered more about the monks' way of life and practices. The abbey is now a heritage centre (part of the "Story of Mann") with a building containing artefacts and telling the history of Rushen Abbey and the surrounding area. The remains of the original abbey have been restored and walkways constructed to allow visitors to get a close look. Between April and October the abbey is open to the public and an admission fee is payable. Before accessing the abbey gardens, visitors must walk through a museum that explains the role of the abbey. There is interactive, audio and video material available. At the end of the exhibition, there is an area designed for children, allowing them to build an arch and discover the monastery's history in a way that is more appealing to them. The centre is advertised to children with the phrase "Monky business". The "Chronicle of Mann" was compiled at Rushen Abbey, as were many other important documents relating to the island. The abbey is significant in this respect, as it would have been the centre of knowledge and literacy on the island. Monks from Rushen Abbey would sometimes have farms in the north of the island. A packhorse bridge was built in around 1350 to allow the monks to cross the nearby Silverburn River. Known today as The Monks' Bridge (or "The Crossag"), it is one of few surviving packhorse bridges in the British Isles. </doc> <doc id="2340203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340203" title="Ministers of State of the 24th Dáil"> Ministers of State of the 24th Dáil On 14 December 1982, the 19th Government of Ireland was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann. The new Fine Gael–Labour Party government was led by the Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald. On that day FitzGerald announced to the Dáil that the Government had appointed Seán Barrett, TD to the post of Minister for State at the Department of the Taoiseach with special responsibility as Government Chief Whip. On 16 December 1982, the Taoiseach announced that the Government had appointed the other Ministers of State. </doc> <doc id="2340211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340211" title="Cue sheet (computing)"> Cue sheet (computing) A cue sheet, or cue file, is a metadata file which describes how the tracks of a CD or DVD are laid out. Cue sheets are stored as plain text files and commonly have a ".cue" filename extension. CDRWIN first introduced cue sheets, which are now supported by many optical disc authoring applications and media players. Cue sheets can describe many types of audio and data CDs. The main data (including audio) for a CD described by a cue sheet is stored in one or more files referenced by the cue sheet. Cue sheets also specify track lengths and CD-Text including track and disc titles and performers. They are especially useful when dividing audio stored in a single file into multiple songs or tracks. The data files referred to by the cue sheet may be audio files (commonly in MP3 or WAV format), or plain disc images, usually with a ".bin" extension. When used for disc images, the format is usually called CUE/BIN, indicating that it stores a disc image composed of one cue sheet file and one or more ".bin" files. The ".bin" files are raw sector-by-sector binary copies of tracks in the original discs. These binary ".bin" files usually contain all 2,352 bytes from each sector in an optical disc, including control headers and error correction data in the case of CD-ROMs (unlike ISO images of CD-ROMs, which store only the user data). However, the TRACK command in a cue sheet file can be used to refer to binary disc images that contain only the user data of each sector, by indicating the specific CD mode of the tracks from which the image was created (which is necessary to know the size of the user data in each sector). A cue sheet can also be a list of songs appearing in a film or TV show. The cue sheet shows all the music titles with metadata like composers, publishers, length of use, and shares of ownership. The cue sheet helps determine who should be paid when the film or TV show airs. The name "cue sheet" originates from the "send cue sheet" SCSI/ATA command in optical disc authoring. The specification for that command defines a cue sheet format containing mostly the same information, but in a tabular, binary data structure, rather than a text file. An entire multi-track audio CD may be ripped to a single audio file and a cue sheet. However, software audio players and hardware digital audio players often treat each audio file as a single playlist entry, which can make it difficult to select and identify the individual tracks. A common solution is to split the original audio file into a series of separate files, one per track. Another approach is for the audio player to support the cue sheet directly. This may involve providing a new playlist (for example, an extra window) for the contents of the cue sheet, or adding an entry for each track directly into the main playlist. A cue sheet is a plain text file containing commands with one or more parameters. The commands usually apply either to the whole disc or to an individual track, depending on the particular command and the context. They may describe the layout of data to be written, or CD-Text (metadata). The original specification of the cue sheet syntax and semantics appears in the CDRWIN User Guide. The standard commands are: CD ripping programs normally offer the option of creating a separate file for each audio track, with the (pre)gap portion of a track placed at the end of the preceding track's file. This coincides with normal playback operation — the beginning of each file is the beginning of a track, not the gap preceding it — and with the layout described in the disc's table of contents, which doesn't specify gap information at all. The cue sheet format, as specified in the CDRWIN Users Manual, doesn't support file sets of this type; rather, it's designed with the expectation that all of the audio data exists in a single file (CDRWIN only creates cue sheets for that kind of rip) or in separate files, but only with the gap portions of the audio either removed or placed at the beginning of the files. In order to allow cue sheets to be used to burn a CD from ordinary file sets which have the gap portion at the end of each file, the CD ripping & burning program Exact Audio Copy (EAC) allows the creation of cue sheets that relax the CDRWIN Users Manual's restriction on where FILE commands can be used. This non-conforming cue sheet format, intended only for burning CDs with EAC, isn't supported by some other pieces of software, such as the media player foobar2000, which allows the use of cue sheets as playlists. The MP3 file ""Faithless - Live in Berlin.mp3"", contains a live recording of the band Faithless. At this concert, Faithless performed eight songs in the order shown below. Therefore, the track listing is as follows: Since the MP3 is one file containing the entire performance, burning it to a CD as-is would make it inconvenient to skip to individual songs. To design the cue sheet, one must first find the points in the MP3 at which each song starts. The times are cumulative: each track must have a later time than the previous one. The first five lines denote the disc information. This is followed by the information for each track, indented from the rest. The INDEX 01 line reads the same for each track, with the exception of the time value that follows it. REM, TITLE and PERFORMER are optional. An example of a cue sheet used in conjunction with a CD image file: </doc> <doc id="2340216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340216" title="Jean Mounet-Sully"> Jean Mounet-Sully Mounet-Sully (February 28, 1841 – 1916), a French actor, was born at Bergerac. His birth name was Jean-Sully Mounet: "Mounet-Sully" (without the "Jean") was a stage name. He entered the Conservatoire at the age of twenty-one, where he took first prize for tragedy. In 1868 he made his debut at the Odéon without attracting much attention. His career was interrupted by the Franco-Prussian War, and his passion for his military career had almost convinced him to give up the stage, until he was offered the opportunity to play the part of Oreste in Racine's "Andromaque" at the Comédie Française in 1872. His striking presence and voice and the passionate vigor of his acting made an immediate impression, which resulted in his election as "sociétaire" in 1874. He became one of the mainstays of the Comédie Française, and distinguished himself in a great variety of tragic and romantic parts. Perhaps his most famous role was that of Oedipus in "L'Oedipe roi", a French version by Jules Lacroix of Sophocles's drama. This was first performed in Paris at the Théâtre-Français in 1881 and later revived in the old Roman amphitheater at Orange in 1888. Fashion designer Paul Poiret commented in his autobiography "King of Fashion", "I shall always see Mounet-Sully in "Oedipus Rex", blind, coming down the steps of the temple, and saying in a suave voice: 'Children of ancient Cadmus, young successors. . .' Other prominent parts in Mounet-Sully's repertoire were Achilles in Racine's "Iphigenie et Aulide", Hippolyte in "Phèdre", the titular part of Hamlet, the title parts in Victor Hugo's "Hernani" and "Ruy Blas", Francis I in "Le roi s'amuse", and Didier in "Marion Delorme". He was made chevalier of the Legion of Honour in 1889. He also wrote a play, "La Buveuse de l'armes", and in 1906, in collaboration with Pierre Barbier, "La Vieillesse de Don Juan" in verse. He was the brother of the actor Paul Mounet. His daughter was the actress Jeanne Sully. He was a good friend, co-performer, and one-time lover of famed actress Sarah Bernhardt. </doc> <doc id="2340218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340218" title="Language construct"> Language construct A language construct is a syntactically allowable part of a program that may be formed from one or more lexical tokens in accordance with the rules of a programming language. In simpler terms, it is the syntax/way a programming language is written. The term "language construct" is often used as a synonym for control structure, and should not be confused with a function. In PHP codice_1 is a language construct. is the same as: In Java a class is written in this format: public class MyClass { In C++ a class is written in this format: class MyCPlusPlusClass { </doc> <doc id="2340221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340221" title="Global Youth Action Network"> Global Youth Action Network The Global Youth Action Network (GYAN) is an international network of youth NGOs spanning 180 countries, and headquartered in New York, near the United Nations. GYAN is a youth-led not for profit organization (registered in 2001, New York [USA], under section 501[c]3) that incubates global partnerships and increases youth participation in decision-making. GYAN has registered chapters in Brazil, Colombia, France, Ghana, Mexico, and South Africa, with teams working out of an additional eight countries. GYAN is known for co-coordinating Global Youth Service Day, a program of Youth Service America, since its launch in 2000. These have grown into the world's largest annual celebration of young volunteers, with millions of participants. The organization has also worked to increase youth participation and channel youth voices into policy-making at international institutions, such as the United Nations, where it holds Special Consultative Status with the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), and Affiliate Status with the Department of Public Information. GYAN catalogs and helps to connect youth groups to each other, to information, resources and opportunities that empower their work for social change. Membership is open to any organization that does not promote hatred or violence towards others, and that is youth-led, youth-serving or youth-friendly. GYAN's 600 member organizations help determine future priorities for the Network, working to implement a "5-Level Model of Effective Youth Organizing", based on Ken Wilber's Integral theory and 10 years of organizing experience. Through a partnership with TakingITGlobal, an active Internet community of student organizers, volunteers and activists, GYAN has helped to catalog more than 10,000 youth organizations on-line. GYAN's YouthLinkExpress e-newsletter reaches tens of thousands of subscribing individuals, institutions and leaders in the youth development and other sectors. The Global Youth Action Network aims to: GYAN envisions millions of young people working together towards a more just, peaceful and sustainable world, where youth are seen as key stakeholders and are active participants in the design of their future. GYAN believes that critical issues facing the planet today demand every generation's attention and action, and that youth are instrumental in movements for positive social change. GYAN also helps to organize the following initiatives: The Global Youth Action Network evolved out of the United Nations Youth Assembly Project, proposed by 18-year-old Benjamin Quinto in 1996, and the work of other young organizers, including Bremley Lyngdoh and Jonah Wittkamper. During the Hague Appeal for Peace (May, 1999, The Netherlands), and the United Youth Conference (July 1999, USA), young people helped to reshape the project and launch the Global Youth Action Network. GYAN opened its New York Headquarters in January, 2000, under the fiscal sponsorship of the One Day Foundation and Youth In Action, then incorporated the following year. </doc> <doc id="2340226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340226" title="Cynthia Stevenson"> Cynthia Stevenson Cynthia Stevenson (born August 2, 1962) is an American actress. She has appeared in several movies including "The Player", "Forget Paris", "Home for the Holidays", "Happiness", and "", and in the television shows "Cheers", "My Talk Show", "Bob", "Hope and Gloria", "Oh Baby", "Dead Like Me", "Men in Trees", and "Surviving Suburbia", amongst others. Stevenson was born in Oakland, California, the daughter of Gayle, an editor, and Al Stevenson, an upholstery warehouse owner. She grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia. She attended University of Victoria in Victoria, BC. One of her first roles was a guest appearance as Norm Peterson's high-strung secretary "Doris" on "Cheers". Other early work included the short-lived comedy series "My Talk Show" (1990–1991) and "Bob" (1992–1993). She had a leading role on the sitcom, "Hope and Gloria", which ran for 35 episodes in 1995 and 1996. She also appeared in the Lifetime Television series "Oh Baby". On film, Stevenson has appeared in "The Player", "Forget Paris", "Happiness", "Home for the Holidays", "Will You Merry Me?", "Agent Cody Banks" and "Agent Cody Banks 2". She played the role of Mrs. Cooverman in the 2009 film "I Love You, Beth Cooper". Stevenson was a regular cast member on the series "Dead Like Me", playing lead character George (Ellen Muth)'s mother. In April 2006, she completed filming a sitcom pilot for CBS called "You've Reached the Elliotts", starring opposite Chris Elliott as his wife, which was not picked up by the network. She had a recurring role on the cable series "The L Word", and on the cancelled series "Men in Trees", which was taped in Vancouver. She also had an occasional role as "Cindy Devlin" on "According to Jim". In April 2009, she co-starred opposite Bob Saget on the short-lived ABC sitcom "Surviving Suburbia". She also appeared as Shiri Appleby's character's mother on The CW series "Life Unexpected". She also appeared in the song Fuckin' Perfect by Pink. Stevenson appeared in Shonda Rhimes dramas "Grey's Anatomy" in 2010, "Off the Map" and "Private Practice" in 2011, and "Scandal" in 2013. </doc> <doc id="2340228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340228" title="FOH"> FOH FOH may refer to: </doc> <doc id="2340236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340236" title="Eagle Airways"> Eagle Airways Eagle Airways was a regional airline based in Hamilton, New Zealand and was wholly owned by Air New Zealand, operating regional services under the Air New Zealand Link brand. The airline was disbanded on 26 August 2016, with staff absorbed into Air New Zealand's other subsidiaries. The airline was established and started operations in 1969. It grew out of the Eagle Flying Academy owned and operated by Malcom Campbell and John Fairclough. In 1973, it became a commercial airline flying routes around the North Island of New Zealand using twin-engined Beechcraft Baron aircraft, capitalising on provincial routes not serviced by the national airline of the time, National Airways Corporation (NAC). 1976 saw the introduction of 9-seat Piper Chieftain aircraft. During 1979, Eagle moved into turbine operations with Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirante aircraft and later, Fairchild Metro aircraft. A fleet upgrade beginning in 2001 saw the wholesale adoption of the Beechcraft 1900D Airliner 19-seat aircraft of which 16 were ordered. ZK-EAP (MSN: UE-439) was the last 1900-series aircraft to be produced by Raytheon, closing the production line in October 2002. In 2006, route development and an increased air travel market saw the need for a 17th aircraft, and in 2007 ZK-EAQ became operational as the 17th Beech 1900D for Eagle. Wanaka was added to the network as a result. On 22 July 2008, Eagle Airways welcomed its 18th 1900D, creating more depth to the airline's fleet. Eagle pioneered new routes with the additional aircraft, with flights between Masterton and Auckland commencing in February 2009; and service between Christchurch and Westport, launched in July 2009. Due to the continuing downturn in passenger levels, parent company Air New Zealand ceased Eagle's expansion plans. In January 2009, a 19th aircraft due to arrive towards the end of that year was announced. This aircraft was to allow a lesser reliance on charter aircraft used on some of the new pioneer routes, while allowing a 'branded' Air New Zealand aircraft to promote the airline. New routes, such as Christchurch – Te Anau, and Hokitika – Wellington were mooted for the airline's continued expansion plans, however the economic downturn the global financial crisis had an effect on air travel around New Zealand. Some of the lesser-performing routes were placed under review. The Oamaru – Christchurch route and the Westport - Christchurch route was suspended as a result in late 2009. While low numbers on the Wanaka – Christchurch route resulted in services ending in January 2013. The Masterton - Auckland route was suspended in late 2013 while the Wellington to Wanganui route was also discontinued in January 2014, both routes were uneconomic for the airline. Another pioneering route originally proposed for Eagle was Auckland – Paraparaumu, however parent company Air New Zealand handed this over to fellow subsidiary Air Nelson, as its larger aircraft were soon found to be best suited for this new service. On 11 November 2014, Air New Zealand CEO, Christopher Luxon announced that, after a twelve-month operational performance review, all flying operations by Eagle Airways and its 19-seat fleet were to be shut down over a 20-month period beginning immediately, citing the unsustainable operating costs per seat of small aircraft and a growing demand for cheaper seats on regional services. The airline was sustaining an average loss of NZ$1 million per month on these routes. The airline planned to use the larger Q300 aircraft from Air Nelson on Eagle's more sustainable routes while dropping services to the smaller towns of Kaitaia, Westport and Whakatane altogether, along with the Hamilton - Auckland feeder route in February 2016. Final services were scheduled for 26 August 2016. Smaller commuter airlines expressed interest in taking up some services that were cut. Air New Zealand also announced the purchase of a further four ATR 72-600 airliners to make up lost seat capacity. Most staff from Eagle Airways were employed into Air New Zealand's other subsidiaries after going through the normal employment processes for Air New Zealand. Eagle Airways' engineering facilities were absorbed into Air New Zealand's regional maintenance facilities network, as they still service both Q300 and ATR fleet aircraft as required. A sudden surge in flight cancellations to minor centres brought the airline some negative publicity over the first few months of 2012. Airline manager Carrie Hurihanganui said sudden FAA and CAA enforced directives regarding the 1900D type have been unavoidable and the airline understands the frustrations of local communities that rely on Eagle Airways to deliver. Frequent cancellations to the town of Westport have forced the mayor of the town to formally complain to parent company, Air New Zealand, to address this issue. Other small towns such as Masterton and Wanaka have also raised concerns about rescheduling of flights without prior notice by Eagle Airways. Also public opinion believes the 1900D is now considered too unreliable as a type for the harsher New Zealand weather conditions with frequent cancellations due to maintenance issues. The entire 1900D fleet was grounded on the 7 August 2012 after hairline cracks were found in the tail area of an aircraft during routine maintenance inspection, again highlighting the unreliability of this type. This grounding caused widespread travel chaos across the smaller centres. Initially four aircraft out of the eighteen were cleared to fly, and a week later seven were still grounded. Disruption continued until 16 September. Vincent Aviation provided two Jetstream 32 airliners to Eagle Airways for the duration, a move that has helped maintain some passenger schedules. Before it ceased operations, Eagle Airways' fleet consisted of seventeen Beechcraft 1900D aircraft. During its years flying, Eagle Served the following destinations: </doc> <doc id="2340237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340237" title="Mount Cook Airline"> Mount Cook Airline Mount Cook Airline, a subsidiary of Air New Zealand, is a regional airline based in Christchurch, New Zealand. Formerly part of the Mount Cook Group, it now operates scheduled services throughout the country under the Air New Zealand Link brand. The airline operates the ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 aircraft, and all its aircraft wear the Air New Zealand livery. Its main base is Christchurch International Airport. The airline was established and started operations in 1920 at Timaru by Rodolph Lysaght Wigley, who in 1906 had driven the first motor car to The Hermitage. Wigley bought five war-surplus aircraft for sightseeing and formed the "NZ Aero Transport Co.", the first company of its kind in the country. The first aeroplane to land in Fairlie was a war surplus bi-plane E 4242 in May 1920 still with the RAF roundel on the fuselage. Passenger and freight routes served areas between Wellington and Invercargill. On October 1920 with Captain J. C. Mercer, Wigley flew on the first one-day flight from Invercargill to Auckland. After a series of mishaps, e.g. damage to landing equipment during forced landings in paddocks, the company went into liquidation in 1923. In the 1930s, Wigley formed "Queenstown - Mount Cook Airway" in conjunction with his son, Harry, later to become Sir Henry Wigley. Sir Henry remained the Managing Director of the airline until 1979 and Chairman until his death in 1980. The company operated charter flights around the Otago Lakes, Milford Sound and Mount Cook regions, until it was suspended by World War II. Flying resumed in 1952 using an Auster J1-A Autocrat, registration ZK-BDX (since preserved, formerly inside the terminal of Queenstown Airport now at the Mount Cook Hermitage Hotel Edmund Hillary Centre). In 1954, NZ Aero Transport Company was reformed as "Mount Cook Air Services Ltd", specialising in scenic flights, agricultural work and rescue missions. Sir Henry solved the problem of landing in the Tasman, Fox and Franz Josef Glaciers by attaching retractable skis (designed and made in the company's vehicle workshop) to the Auster, and landed on the snow of Tasman Glacier. This is how the Ski Plane operation started, aimed at taking tourists to skifields and glaciers in ski-equipped light aircraft. "Mount Cook Ski Planes" now operates a fleet of Cessna 185s and Pilatus Porters, and is the only company to land scenic flights on the Tasman Glacier to this day. The Mount Cook Group operated bus services, trucking, skifields and built an airfield at Mount Cook to bring in the growing number of visitors to the Southern Alps. Scheduled services for "Mount Cook Airline" began on 6 November 1961 between Christchurch, Mount Cook, Cromwell and Te Anau with a 26-seater Douglas DC-3. At this stage Queenstown was not certified for DC-3 operations and passengers were bussed from Cromwell to Queenstown. On 1 November 1963 the service to Cromwell was extended to Dunedin on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays and from 3 November 1963 to Invercargill three days a week. The first scheduled flight into Queenstown was operated by DC-3 ZK-BKD on 4 February 1964. "Mount Cook Airline" was one of New Zealand's tourism pioneers opening up the 'tourist trail' of Rotorua through to Christchurch, Mount Cook and Queenstown. For almost 30 years, it operated a fleet of Hawker Siddeley HS 748s across regional tourist routes in New Zealand. The first HS748 to arrive in NZ was ZK-CWJ it first flight was from Christchurch to Timaru and onto Oamaru on 25 October 1968. After a long evaluation study, the first of the new ATR 72-200s arrived in October 1995 as the chosen replacement of the HS 748s. They in turn were updated to the ATR 72-500 type in 2000 In June 2001, Air New Zealand Group added extra capacity on domestic routes by introducing 4 BAe 146s to supplement the ATRs. These aircraft were taken from the failed Qantas New Zealand franchise. A temporary measure, they retired the following year after 6 extra Boeing 737-300s were added to the mainline fleet. Air New Zealand purchased part of the Mount Cook Group in the 1980s after Sir Henry's death, increased to 30% on 5 December 1983, then another 47% (increased to 77%) in October 1985 after gaining approval on 18 July that year; and the remainder on 18 April 1991. Mount Cook Airline has 378 employees (as at March 2007). Mount Cook Airline serve the following routes in New Zealand: Mount Cook Airline over the years served many other destinations previously throughout New Zealand: <br> Alexandra, Blenheim, Chatham Islands, Cromwell, Great Barrier Island, Greymouth, Hokitika, Kerikeri, Kaikohe, Kawau Island, Milford Sound, Mount Cook, Oamaru, Paihia, Stewart Island, Taupo, Te Anau, Timaru, Twizel, Waiheke Island, Wanaka and Westport. Mount Cook Airline currently operate ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 aircraft from main cities to larger provincial towns and also on some main trunk routes. Complementing fellow subsidiary, Air Nelson's smaller capacity Q-300 airliners. The original ATR 72-200 fleet was swapped for the updated ATR 72-500 during 2001–2002. Extra aircraft were also added allowing Air New Zealand to retire the last of its Boeing 737-200s. In October 2011 Air New Zealand announced an increase of the ATR fleet by purchasing 7 new ATR 72-600 models with five on option. Air New Zealand received the first of these 68-seat aircraft in October 2012, the rest following gradually through to 2016. 4 purchase options were taken up in November 2014 when Air New Zealand announced the shutting down of Eagle Airways' flight operations and giving over route capacity to Mount Cook and Air Nelson The ATR-600s were delayed for four years due to the economic conditions of the time. The -600 model is a further development of the type including a revised cabin layout and RNP navigation to allow flights into New Zealand's more marginal weather dependant airports such as Wellington, Queenstown, Rotorua and Hamilton. Air New Zealand announced on 5 November 2015, that an order for an additional 15 ATR 72-600 aircraft, worth NZ$568 million has been placed, making Mount Cook Airlines, the third largest ATR fleet operator in the world, with 29 ATR72-600 aircraft. Deliveries of the additional 15 -600 aircraft, will start from late 2016 through to 2020. The new aircraft will replace the existing 11 ATR 72-500 aircraft. The additional ATR 72-600, will be used on domestic regional services, supplementing existing ATR 72-500, -600 and Q300 aircraft. The Mount Cook Airline fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of 6 September 2018): From 6 November 1961 Mt Cook Airline operated three Douglas DC-3 aircraft operating until their final withdrawal on 16 May 1978. These aircraft were used to open up routes between Christchurch and Mt Cook, Cromwell and Te Anau/Manapouri. Passengers bound for Queenstown were initially bussed from Cromwell until DC-3 certification was obtained for Queenstown airport, (although Cromwell was still used on demand, and as backup when Queenstown airport was unavailable due to weather). DC-3 aircraft were also used at various dates for services from Christchurch to Timaru and Oamaru, Queenstown to Alexandra and Dunedin and an extension from Te Anau to Invercargill. A fleet of Hawker Siddeley HS 748s was operated from 1968 to 1996, they operated into Mt Cook Airline's many tourist airports. The type operated scheduled services to the Chatham Islands from 1990 to 1992 after Safe Air withdrew flying operations. From 1992 to 1994, Air New Zealand chartered a 748 to operate the late evening off peak Invercargill - Christchurch route. The last commercial flight was on 9 February 1996, from Wellington to Christchurch. The HS 748 fleet was replaced by 7 ATR 72-200s from 1995 after an evaluation process that included the Fokker F50, BAe APT, and Saab 2000. On 2 December 1969 Mt Cook Airline introduced a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter (ZK-CJZ), intended for scenic flights from Queenstown to Milford Sound and scheduled flights from Queenstown to Te Anau/Manapouri and Queenstown to Alexandra and Dunedin. The Twin Otter wasn't an economic success and was cancelled from 24 September 1973. A second Twin Otter (ZK-MCO) was purchased in November 1983 for services between Auckland, Kerikeri and Rotorua as the HS 748 was too big for the loads on offer, but Mt Cook's Islander aircraft was too small. In 1988 this was transferred to Queenstown, to operate scenic flights from Queenstown to Milford Sound and scheduled flights from Queenstown to Te Anau/Manapouri. A third was purchased in 1995 but both were disposed of in 1998 when Mt Cook Airlines light aircraft business was sold. Eight ex-Qantas New Zealand BAe 146-300s were temporarily operated by Air New Zealand after Qantas New Zealand's collapse. They were used to boost extra capacity to domestic service from June 2001 to 2002. The BAe 146s were placed under Mount Cook Airline's management structure for the duration. (Up to 4 aircraft were operated at any one time as the BAe fleet were rotated through and sold off.) This allowed time for Air New Zealand to add another six Boeing 737-300s to the mainline fleet. The BAe 146s were then retired ending 12 years of domestic service in New Zealand. Aircraft previously operated include: In April 2010, parent airline Air New Zealand announced that it was moving the ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 heavy maintenance work away from Mount Cook Airline's home of Christchurch Airport to Nelson. Air Nelson's maintenance base would take over all ATR 72-500/600 heavy maintenance work from November 2010. The former Mount Cook Airlines logo. The airline's symbol is the Mount Cook Lily which was displayed on the tails of its aeroplanes prior to the integration with the Air New Zealand link brand in the mid 1990s. At this stage the flower was relegated to a spot just below the tail, before vanishing totally in the early 2000s. However, it has made a return in 2012 appearing towards the front of Mount Cook's ATR 72-600 aircraft. The new logo is a much-simplified flower, featuring six separate petals rather than the former layered specimen. </doc> <doc id="2340240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340240" title="Todd Porter (game developer)"> Todd Porter (game developer) Todd Mitchell Porter is an American game developer and author of the children's book "Firefly Fred". He is the nephew of country music legend Chet Atkins. Past or present places of employment: Games contributed to : </doc> <doc id="2340241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340241" title="James Bowling Mozley"> James Bowling Mozley James Bowling Mozley (15 September 1813 – 4 January 1878) was an English theologian. He was born at Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, the younger brother of Thomas Mozley, and was educated at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School (now Queen Elizabeth's High School, Gainsborough) and later Oriel College, Oxford. Mozley was elected to a fellowship at Magdalen in 1840. He took an active part in the Oxford Movement. He said he could no more follow John Henry Newman, his brother-in-law, into the Roman communion "than fly." He was joint editor of the "Christian Remembrancer". He withdrew from the position because of his substantial agreement with the famous Gorham decision. Mozley was one of the earliest supporters of "The Guardian", the High Church weekly. In 1856 he became vicar of Shoreham, in 1869 canon of Worcester, and in 1871 regius professor of divinity at Oxford. He died at Shoreham on 4 January 1878. </doc> <doc id="2340245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340245" title="Colleen Faulkner"> Colleen Faulkner Colleen Faulkner (also known by the alternate pen names Hunter Morgan and V. K. Forrest) is an American author of romance novels. In 1999 she was presented with the "Diamond Award" for literary excellence in the state of Delaware. Vampire Fia Kahill written as V.K. Forrest </doc> <doc id="2340249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340249" title="Baranya County (former)"> Baranya County (former) Baranya (, , / "Baranja", ) was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory is now in southern Hungary (the present county Baranya) and northeastern Croatia (part of the Osijek-Baranja county). The capital of the county was Pécs. Baranya county was located in Baranya region. It shared borders with the Hungarian counties Somogy, Tolna, Bács-Bodrog and Verőce (the latter county was part of Croatia-Slavonia). The county stretched along the rivers Drava (north bank) and Danube (west bank), up to their confluence. Its area was 5,176 km² around 1910. Baranya county arose as one of the first comitatus of the Kingdom of Hungary, in the 11th century. Stephen I of Hungary founded an episcopal seat here. In the 15th century, Janus Pannonius was the Bishop of Pécs. In the 16th century, the Ottoman Empire conquered Baranya, and included it into the sanjak of Mohács, an Ottoman administrative unit, with the seat in the city of Mohács. In the end of the 17th century, Baranya was captured by Habsburg Empire, and was included into Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary after the Battle of Mohács (1687). In 1918, the entire Baranya was captured by Serbian troops and was administered by the newly created "Kingdom" of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, but as a "Republic", see: Baranya-Baja Republic. By the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, the territory of the county was divided between the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (renamed to Yugoslavia in 1929) and Hungary. The south-east of the county was assigned to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, while the remainder was assigned to Hungary, and today it is part of the present Hungarian county Baranya, which also include some lands in the west that were not part of the historic Baranya county (After World War II the district of Szigetvár (previously part of Somogy county) was transferred to Baranya county). The Yugoslav part of the pre-1920 county was occupied and re-annexed by Hungary during World War II and the pre-1920 borders of Baranya county were recreated in 1941. The border between Yugoslavia and Hungary was restored after World War II and the borders of the county changed again. Since 1991, when Croatia became independent from Yugoslavia, the Yugoslav part of pre-1920 Baranya county is part of Croatia. Between 1991 and 1995 it was under occupation of rebel Croatian Serbs, while UN administered that area (Srem-Baranja Oblast) as a transitional body. In modern times there is a Magyar and Serb minority in Croatian Baranja and a Croatian minority in Hungarian Baranya. Roma minority is present in both parts, as well as Germans (until 1945). In 1900, the county had a population of 334,764 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities: Total: According to the census of 1900, the county was composed of the following religious communities: Total: In 1910, the county had a population of 352,478 people and was composed of the following linguistic communities: According to the census of 1910, the county was composed of the following religious communities: In the early 20th century, the subdivisions of Baranya county were: </doc> <doc id="2340254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340254" title="Franz Karl Movers"> Franz Karl Movers Franz Karl Movers (July 17, 1806 – September 28, 1856), German Roman Catholic divine and Orientalist, was born at Koesfeld in Westphalia. He studied theology and Oriental languages at Münster, was parish priest at Berkum near Bonn from 1833 to 1839, and professor of Old Testament theology in the Catholic faculty at Breslau from 1839 to his death. His elaborate works, "Die Phönizier" (1841–1850) and "Phönizische Texte, erklärt" (1845–1847), attained a high reputation. Of his other writings two biblical studies were of some importance, his "Kritische Untersuchungen caber die alttestamentliche Chronik" (1834), and his Latin essay on the two recensions of the text of Jeremiah, "De utriusque recensionis vaticiniorum Jeremiae ... indole et origine" (1837) </doc> <doc id="2340255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340255" title="Positive organ"> Positive organ A positive organ (also positiv organ, positif organ, portable organ, chair organ, or simply positive, positiv, positif, or chair) (from the Latin verb "ponere", "to place") is a small, usually one-manual, pipe organ that is built to be more or less mobile. It was common in sacred and secular music between the 10th and the 18th centuries, in chapels and small churches, as a chamber organ and for the basso continuo in ensemble works. The smallest common kind of positive, hardly higher than the keyboard, is called chest or box organ and is especially popular nowadays for basso continuo work; positives for more independent use tend to be higher. From the Middle Ages through Renaissance and Baroque the instrument came in many different forms, including processional and tabletop organs that have profited relatively less from the renewed popularity the type in general has enjoyed from the Orgelbewegung onwards. Many positives, both of the box and 'cupboard' types, can be divided into upper and lower parts to be more easily moved. The lower part then usually contains the bellows, blower and/or treadle, and perhaps a few of the largest pipes. Wheels, casters or a custom-made hand truck are other aids to mobility, which have become vastly more common in modern times. Positive organs typically exhibit few stops due to their small size and portable nature; a specification of 8′ stopped, 4′ flute and 2′ principal (diapason) is common. Somewhat larger positives may also have a 2-2/3′ and/or other mutation stop and/or a small mixture, and some have an 8′ reed stop (such as a regal). Still larger positives may have a 4′ principal or a second 8′ stop, the latter often treble-only. More complex examples feature a divided keyboard, which allows each stop to be activated separately in the treble and bass portions of the keyboard. This makes it possible to play a melody and an accompaniment simultaneously on different registrations. Most positives have just one manual keyboard and no pedals, but there are examples with a set of pedal pulldowns or even a pedal stop or two, as well as rarer ones with two manuals. Before electricity, positives required either the player or a second person to operate the bellows in order to supply wind to the instrument, but most modern positives include electric blowers for this purpose. The positive organ differs from the portative organ in that it is larger and is not played while strapped at a right angle to the performer's body. It also has a larger keyboard (typically 49 notes or more in modern examples, often 45 or so notes with a short octave in older ones), while a portative may have as few as 12 or 13 notes. The positive is also not to be confused with the regal, a small keyboard instrument that contains short-length reed pipes. However, since the Orgelbewegung revival of small organs, small positives to be played with both hands have also come to be called 'portatives' in many cases, especially when their pipes are arranged without housing in a chromatic row like in the genuine portative. A well-known instance of an early positive or portable organ of the 4th century occurs on the obelisk erected to the memory of Theodosius I on his death in AD 395. Among the illuminated manuscripts of the British Museum there are many miniatures representing interesting varieties of the portable organ of the Middle Ages, including Add. MS. 29902 (fol. 6), Add. MS. 27695b (fol. 13), and Cotton MS. Tiberius A VII. fol. 104d., all of the 14th century, and Add. MS. 28962 and Add. MS. 17280, both of the 15th century. In the Renaissance and Baroque periods, positive organs were used at many kinds of civil and religious functions. They were used in the homes and chapels of the rich, at banquets and court events, in choirs and music schools, and in the small orchestras of Jacopo Peri and Claudio Monteverdi at the dawn of the musical drama or opera. The Positive is also a traditional department of a large organ, often placed behind the organist's back and more or less the size of a separate positive organ. In England it became known as a "Chair organ", later to be corrupted into the "Choir" division found on Romantic and many modern organs. Also, since the Orgelbewegung, the German term "Ruckpositiv" ("Rückpositiv") can be encountered in English. </doc> <doc id="2340256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340256" title="Reinisch Rose Garden and Doran Rock Garden"> Reinisch Rose Garden and Doran Rock Garden Reinisch Rose Garden and Doran Rock Garden is a garden located in Gage Park, at 4320 SW 10th Avenue, Topeka, Kansas. The Reinisch garden features 400 varieties of roses with over 6,500 plants. It is one of 23 test gardens in the United States for hybridizers, and officially designated for its All-America Rose Selections. Peak blooming times are late May into early June, and early to mid-September. Adjacent is the Logan Test Garden, a reflecting pool and the Doran Rock Garden. </doc> <doc id="2340259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340259" title="Ministers of State of the 23rd Dáil"> Ministers of State of the 23rd Dáil On 9 March 1982, the 18th Government of Ireland was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann. The new Fianna Fáil government was led by the Taoiseach Charles Haughey. On that day Haughey announced to the Dáil that the Government had appointed Bertie Ahern, TD to the post of Minister for State at the Department of the Taoiseach with special responsibility as Government Chief Whip. On 23 March 1982, the Taoiseach announced that the Government had appointed the other Ministers of State. </doc> <doc id="2340263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340263" title="Robert C. Cooper"> Robert C. Cooper Robert C. Cooper is a Canadian writer and producer best known for his work in the "Stargate" franchise. He was formerly an executive producer of "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe". He also co-created both "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe" with Brad Wright. Cooper has written and produced many episodes of "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe" as well as directed a number of episodes. Cooper started his writing career with a series of films, the first of which was "Blown Away". He joined the crew of "" as a story editor until he was promoted to a writer in 1996 where he worked until moving to "Stargate SG-1" in 1997 as an executive story editor. Whilst working on "Stargate SG-1", Cooper is credited with writing 52 episodes. Cooper became a co-executive producer of "Stargate SG-1" in season 4, and a full executive producer in season 5. He made a cameo appearance in the "Stargate SG-1" fifth season episode "Wormhole X-Treme!", in which he was a staff writer who was told to get back to work. Cooper was responsible for creating much of the backstory of the Stargate universe. According to "Stargate SG-1: The Essential Scripts", Cooper's ideas about the history of the Stargate universe were his own; he wasn't working from ideas in a series bible. Cooper created the Ancients, the race that built the stargates. He also developed the idea of the Alliance of Four Races, even though two of the races had been invented by other writers (the Nox and the Asgard created by Hart Hanson and Katharyn Powers respectively). In December 2003, it was announced that Cooper and Brad Wright had been working on a "Stargate SG-1" spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis". Cooper made his directorial debut with "Crusade" a ninth season episode of "Stargate SG-1". In the 10th season premiere episode "Flesh and Blood", Cooper's daughter Emma played the 4 year old Adria. Later in the tenth season of "Stargate SG-1", in early scenes of the episode "Talion", his older daughter Megan Elizabeth Cooper played a jaffa girl. Cooper also directed "Unending" the final episode of "Stargate SG-1". Following the conclusion of "SG-1", Cooper wrote and directed the direct-to-DVD movie "". After "Stargate Atlantis" was cancelled, Cooper and Brad Wright went on to create another spin-off, "Stargate Universe" which premiered on October 2, 2009. In June 2010, it was revealed that Cooper was "stepping back to ... a consulting role" for the end of "Stargate Universe" season 2, before leaving entirely. Out of fifteen nominations, Cooper has received four awards. </doc> <doc id="2340269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340269" title="St Mary of the Angels Basilica, Geelong"> St Mary of the Angels Basilica, Geelong St Mary of the Angels Basilica, formerly St Mary's Church, is a basilica located in Yarra Street, Geelong, Victoria, Australia. Since the completion of the Gothic revival bluestone building in 1937, St. Mary of the Angels has had the tallest bluestone spire in Australia, at , and has the fourth-tallest non-cathedral spire in Australia. In 2004 it became Australia's fifth basilica, after gaining Vatican approval for the change of description. It is the tallest building in Geelong, with a total height of from the pavement, and is a major landmark in the city. The first St. Mary's church was a small wooden chapel in Yarra Street, opened on 27 November 1842. The congregation quickly outgrew the chapel and a stone replacement was constructed in 1846. The optimism the Victorian gold rush brought to Geelong led to plans for a cathedral-like landmark church for the city. The architects were Messrs Dowden and the foundation stone was laid in 1854. However, as Geelong's boom slowed, work ceased two years later, leaving Geelong with an incomplete landmark for over a decade. Construction was revived in 1871 when Archdeacon R. S. Downing contracted builder Clement Nash to continue works, which ceased in 1872. Work on the spire did not commence until 1931 and was completed by June 1937. The phosphor bronze cross at the top of the spire was cast by Evans & Co. in 1935, and is high, . </doc> <doc id="2340270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340270" title="Emperor Qianshao of Han"> Emperor Qianshao of Han Emperor Qianshao of Han (, 193 BC – 15 June 184 BC), personal name said to be Liu Gong (), was the third emperor of the Han Dynasty in China. He was a son, likely the oldest son, of Emperor Hui, likely by a concubine—although there is some controversy on the subject—and adopted by Emperor Hui's wife, Empress Zhang Yan. At the instigation of his grandmother, Empress Dowager Lü, Empress Zhang had Emperor Qianshao's mother put to death. Very little about Emperor Qianshao's life and personality is known. There are only a few major important events in his life that are documented (which does not even include the year of his birth). In 188 BC, his father Emperor Hui died, and he, who had been previously made Crown Prince, succeeded to the throne. However, his grandmother, now Grand Empress Dowager Lü, publicly presided over all government affairs. Sometime in or before 184 BC, Emperor Qianshao discovered that he was not in fact now-Empress Dowager Zhang's son and that his mother had been put to death. He made the mistake of remarking that when he grew up, those who killed his mother would pay for this. Grand Empress Dowager Lü, once she heard of this, had him secretly imprisoned within the palace and publicly announced that he was severely ill and unable to receive anyone. After some time, she told the officials that he continued to be ill and incapable of governing, and that he had also suffered a psychosis. She proposed that he be deposed and replaced. The officials complied with her wishes, and he was deposed and put to death. He was succeeded by his brother Liu Yi, whose name was then changed to Liu Hong. Emperor Qianshao, considered to be a mere puppet of Grand Empress Dowager Lü, is often omitted from the official list of emperors of the Han Dynasty. </doc> <doc id="2340272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340272" title="Charles Edward Mudie"> Charles Edward Mudie Charles Edward Mudie (18 October 1818, in Chelsea – 28 October 1890), English publisher and founder of Mudie's Lending Library and Mudie's Subscription Library, was the son of a second-hand bookseller and newsagent. Mudie's efficient distribution system and vast supply of texts revolutionized the circulating library movement, while his "select" library influenced Victorian middle-class values and the structure of the three-volume novel. He was also the first publisher of James Russell Lowell's poems in England, and of Emerson's "Man Thinking". Charles Edward Mudie was born in 1818 to Scottish parents in Cheyne Walk, Chelsea. He received most of his education by assisting his father in his newspaper shop until he was twenty-two. In 1840, Mudie opened his first shop on Upper King Street, Bloomsbury. Mudie originally opened his circulating library to give the public greater access to nonfiction works—which took up nearly one third of his stock—but the market value of the novel brought Mudie financial success. In 1842, he began to lend books to students at the University of London, charging subscribers one guinea per year for the right to borrow one volume of a novel at a time. This proved so successful that in 1852 he moved his "Select Library" to larger premises at 509, 510 & 511 New Oxford Street, at its junction with Museum Street and Hart Street, just a few yards south of the British Museum. Mudie's soon had outlets on Cross Street in Manchester and on New Street in Birmingham.London book deliveries were carried out by vans, and the expansion of railroads and trains allowed people to order books across the country. International orders were also issued and shipped abroad in tin boxes. Mudie's also exported books using watertight boxes, some of which were reported to have survived shipwreck. Mudie was able to offer publishers advance purchase of three or four hundred copies of their new books and obtained corresponding discounts. The company's withdrawn books were offered for sale at £5 for a hundred volumes in 1860. Since the cost of novels in the Victorian era was such that most middle-class English people could not afford to purchase novels privately, popular lending libraries like "Mudie's" had a strong influence over the public—and thus over authors and publishers. Mudie's demands that fiction novels be suited to the middle-class family controlled the morality, subject and scope of the novel for fifty years. His "select" books were carefully chosen with these considerations in mind; once the Mudie Library considered a book unfit for its customers, other libraries followed suit. The rise of the three-volume novel can be directly attributed to this influence, and Mudie's refusal to stock "immoral" books and "novels of questionable character or inferior quality", such as George Moore's "A Modern Lover" (1883), "A Mummers Wife" (1885) and "A Drama in Muslin" (1886), also had an effect on the direction of Victorian literature. George Moore criticized the moral and structural power the circulating library system had on literary distribution. His response to censorship was to issue a number of polemics against circulating libraries, the most popular being "Literature at Nurse, or Circulating Morals". He confronted Mudie on why the librarian refused to sell "A Modern Lover". Mudie's response:"Your book was considered immoral. Two ladies from the country wrote to me objecting to that scene where the girl sat to the artist as a model for Venus. After that I naturally refused to circulate your book, unIess any customer said he wanted particularly to read Mr. Moore's novel." Mudie was also crucial in the success of scientific volumes – In November 1859 he bought 500 copies of the first publication of Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species". In fact, much of Darwin's own reading was obtained from Mudie's nonfiction collection. His five-guinea annual subscription allowed him to borrow a parcel of up to six recently published books a month. In 1860, the company's New Oxford Street premises were substantially enlarged, and new branches of the business were subsequently established in other English cities such as York, Manchester and Birmingham. In 1864 Mudie's was converted into a limited company. On August 18, 1871, directors of Mudie's Select Library (Limited) controlled the English and Foreign Library (formerly known as Hookham's). Mudie's library continued into the 1930s. The decline of Mudie's eventually came as a result of the rising number of government-funded public libraries, which offered similar services at a much reduced rate. · In "The Importance of Being Earnest" by Oscar Wilde, first produced in 1895, young Cecily Cardew, ward of a well-to-do gentleman living in Hertfordshire, speaking to her teacher Miss Prism about "memory" says that "it usually chronicles the things that have never happened, and couldn't possibly have happened. I believe that Memory is responsible for nearly all the three-volume novels that Mudie sends to us." Act II, Sc. 1. In the first of Anthony Trollope's Palliser novels, 'Can You Forgive Her?', Alice newly arrived at Matching Priory, replies to Jeffrey Palliser: '"I have amused myself by reading.” “Ah; they never do that here. I have heard that there is a library, but the clue to it has been lost, and nobody now knows the way. I don’t believe in libraries. Nobody ever goes into a library to read, any more than you would into a larder to eat. But there is this difference;—the food you consume does come out of the larders, but the books you read never come out of the libraries.” “Except Mudie’s,” said Alice. “Ah, yes; he is the great librarian.' </doc> <doc id="2340282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340282" title="Sistine Chapel Choir"> Sistine Chapel Choir The Sistine Chapel Choir, as it is generally called in English, or properly the "Coro della Cappella Musicale Pontificia" in Italian, is one of the oldest choirs in the world, having been formally active since 1471. Based in Vatican City, it normally comprises twenty men (tenors and basses) and thirty boys (sopranos and altos), the latter receiving free tuition. As early as in the pontificate of Sylvester I (314–35), a regularly constituted company of singers, under the name of "schola cantorum", lived together in a building devoted to their exclusive use. The word ""schola"" was in those days the legal designation of an association of equals in any calling or profession and did not primarily denote, as in our time, a school. It had more the nature of a guild, a characteristic which clung to the papal choir for many centuries. Hilarius (461–8) ordained that the pontifical singers live in community, while Gregory the Great (590–604) not only made permanent the existing institution attached to St. John Lateran and including at that time in its membership monks, secular clergy, and boys, but established a second and similar one in connection with the Basilica of St. Peter. The latter is supposed to have served as a sort of preparatory school for the former. For several centuries the papal ""schola cantorum"" retained the same general character. Its head, the archicantor or "primicerius", was always a clergyman of high rank and often a bishop. While it was his duty to intone the various chants to be followed by the rest of the singers, he was by no means their master in the modern technical sense. During the residency of the popes in Avignon in the thirteenth century, marked changes took place in the institution. Innocent IV did not take his "schola cantorum" with him to his new abode, but provided for its continuance in Rome by turning over to it properties, tithes, and other revenues. Community life among the singers seems to have come to an end at this period. Clement V (1305–14) formed a new choir at Avignon, consisting for the most part of French singers, who showed a decided preference for the new developments in church music — the ""déchant"" and ""fauxbourdons"" (""falsibordoni""), which had in the meantime gained great vogue in France. When Gregory XI (1370–8) returned to Rome, he took his singers with him and amalgamated them with the still-existing, at least in name, ancient "schola cantorum". Before the sojourn of the papal Court at Avignon, it had been the duty of the "schola" to accompany the Pope to the church where he held station, but after the return to Rome, the custom established at Avignon of celebrating all pontifical functions in the papal church or chapel was continued and has existed since. The "primicerius" of former times was replaced by the ""magister capellae"", which title, however, continued to be more an honorary one held by a bishop or prelate than an indication of technical leadership. Thus the ""magister capellae"" came immediately after the cardinals, followed, in the order given, by the ""sacrista"", ""cantores"", ""capellani"" and ""clerici"". With the building by Sixtus IV (1471–84) of the church for the celebration of all papal functions since known as the Sistine Chapel, the original ""schola cantorum"" and subsequent ""capella pontificia"" or ""capella papale"" became the ""capella sistina"", or Sistine Choir. Up to this time the number of singers had varied considerably, there being sometimes as few as nine men and six boys. By a Bull dated November, 1483, Sixtus IV fixed the number at twenty-four, six for each part. After the year 1441 the records no longer mention the presence of boys in the choir, the high voices -- soprano and alto -- being thenceforth sung by natural (and occasionally unnatural) soprani falsetti and high tenors respectively. The desire to re-establish a preparatory school for the papal choir, on the plan of the ancient "schola" -- and incidentally to become independent of foreign singers -- led Julius II (1503–13) to issue, on 19 February 1512, a Bull founding the "capella Julia", which to this day performs all the choir duties at St. Peter's. It became a stepping-stone to membership in the Sistine Choir. Leo X (1513–21), himself a musician, by choosing as head of the organization a real musician (irrespective of his clerical rank), took a step which was of the greatest importance for the future. It had the effect of transforming a group of vocal virtuosi on equal footing into a compact vocal body. Leo's step was somewhat counteracted by Paul III (1534–49) on 17 November 1545, published a Bull approving a new constitution of the choir, which has been in force ever since, and according to which the choir-master proposes candidates for membership, who are then examined by the whole company of singers. The accession of the Pope Pius X, arguably the most musical pope since St. Gregory the Great , caused a complete turn-around in the quality of music in the Vatican. Under the directorship of Pius's long-time friend, the composer/conductor Don Lorenzo Perosi, the artistic level of the Sistine Choir was raised to a higher point than it had occupied for the previous thirty or forty years. Perosi was named "Maestro di Cappella" in 1898 and promoted to ""Maestro Perpetuo"" in 1903. Only two months after his coronation in 1903, Pius released his "Motu Proprio". Castrato voices were succeeded by boys' voices. One of the reasons for this was that Pius was fervently against the practice of human castration. Thus, backed by Perosi, he declared that only "whole men" should be allowed to be choristers or priests, and the last of the "castrati" were eased out of the Choir. The choir's repertoire, in this period, consisted heavily of the compositions of Don Perosi himself. Though Maestro Perosi's title was "Perpetual" (he held it until his death in 1956), he suffered from chronic mental problems, resulting in various interruptions of his directorship. These problems manifested themselves around the First World War and continued, on and off, till Perosi's death. Perosi was succeeded by Domenico Bartolucci. Though Bartolucci retained much of Perosi's music in the choir's repertoire — music that he genuinely respected — Bartolucci was a different musician to Perosi. In particular, his tempos were slow: for this reason he is considered one of the most intelligent executors of Palestrina of all time. Bartolucci was replaced as director of the choir by Monsignor Giuseppe Liberto in 1997. During his directorship, Liberto spoke candidly about the problems of music in the Catholic Church since Vatican II. "Any kind of guerilla action against Vatican II does not produce good fruits. The council's principles by now are untouchable." In 2010, Massimo Palombella, a Salesian priest, was appointed to replace Liberto as head of the choir. In September 2015, Deutsche Grammophon released a CD recorded in Sistine Chapel with the choir, the very first recording allowed there. Authorised by Pope Francis, he ruled that profits from sales of the album must be used for charity purposes only. On September 26, 2017, the Sistine Chapel Choir made their first visit to Canada, hosted by St. Michael's Choir School, at St. Michael's Cathedral Basilica. </doc> <doc id="2340292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340292" title="Joseph Shepherd Munden"> Joseph Shepherd Munden Joseph Shepherd Munden (1758 – 6 February 1832) was an English actor. He had a long provincial experience as actor and manager. His first London appearance was in 1790 at Covent Garden, where he mostly remained until 1811, becoming a leading comedian. In 1813 he was at Drury Lane. He retired in 1824. Munden was the son of a poulterer in Brook's Market, Leather Lane, Holborn. He was by the age of twelve in an apothecary's shop; subsequently he was apprenticed to Mr. Druce, a law stationer in Chancery Lane. In Liverpool he was engaged for a while in the office of the town clerk, also appearing on the stage as an extra. After some experience of repertory companies, Munden was engaged to play old men at Leatherhead. He began to make his mark at Canterbury under the manager Hurst, where in 1780 he was the original Faddle in Mrs. Burgess's comedy, "The Oaks, or the Beauties of Canterbury". In the company of Joseph Austin and Charles Edward Whitlock in Chester he held a recognised position, and he toured the country. Munden was then able to borrow money purchase the share of Austin in the management of northern theatres. Here he played the leading comic business, rising in reputation and fortune. A liaison with an actress named Mary Jones, who deserted him after having by him four children, marred his reputation. He married, 20 October 1789, at the parish church of St. Oswald, Chester, Frances Butler, five years his senior, an actress of the Chester company who then retired from the stage. After the death in 1790 of John Edwin, Munden was engaged for Covent Garden Theatre. Having sold to Stephen Kemble his share in the provincial theatres, he came to London with his wife, living first in Portugal Street, Clare Market, and then in Catherine Street, Strand. On 2 December 1790, as Sir Francis Gripe in the "Busy Body" (by Susanna Centlivre) and Jemmy Jumps in the "Farmer" (by John O'Keeffe), the latter being a part created by Edwin two or three years earlier, he made his first appearance in London, and had a warm reception. At Covent Garden, with occasional summer appearances at the Haymarket Theatre, and excursions into the provinces, Munden remained until 1811, rising gradually to the position of the most celebrated comedian of his day. On 4 February 1791 he was the original Sir Samuel Sheepy in Thomas Holcroft's "School for Arrogance", an adaptation of "Le glorieux" of Philippe Néricault Destouches. On 14 March he was the first Frank in O'Keeffe's "Modern Antiques", and 16 April the earliest Ephraim Smooth in O'Keeffe's "Wild Oats". Munden played between two and three hundred characters. In pieces of George Colman, Thomas Morton, Frederick Reynolds, and other dramatists of the day he took principal parts. His Old Dornton in Holcroft's "Road to Ruin", 18 February 1792, was an immediate success, and remained a favourite to the end of his career At the Haymarket, 15 July 1797, he was the first Zekiel Homespun in George Colman the younger's "The Heir at Law". At Covent Garden he was, 12 January 1799, Oakworth in Joseph George Holman's "Votary of Wealth"; 8 February 1800 Sir Abel Handy in Morton's "Speed the Plough", and 1 May 1800 Dominique in James Cobb's "Paul and Virginia". This season saw the dispute between the principal actors of Covent Garden and Thomas Harris the manager. Munden was one of the signatories of the appeal which Lord Salisbury the lord chamberlain, as arbitrator, rejected in every point. Munden at the close of the season visited Dublin, Birmingham, Chester, and elsewhere. At the close of the 1811 season Munden quarrelled with the management on financial questions, and did not set his foot in the theatre again, except for a benefit. At the Haymarket he played, 26 July 1811, Casimere in the "Quadrupeds of Quedlinburgh", taken by Colman the younger from "The Rovers" (a piece in the "Anti-Jacobin", by George Canning, John Hookham Frere, and George Ellis). He was again at the Haymarket in 1812. During the two years, 1811-3, however, he was mainly in the country, playing in Edinburgh (where he was introduced to Walter Scott), Newcastle, Rochdale, Chester, Manchester, and elsewhere. He earned large sums of money, but began for the first time to be called tight-fisted. On 4 October 1813, as Sir Abel Handy in "Speed the Plough", Munden made his first appearance at Drury Lane where, 11 March 1815, he created one of his great roles, Dozey, an old sailor, in Thomas John Dibdin's "Past Ten o'Clock and a Rainy Night". On 14 December 1815 he was Vandunke in the "Merchant of Bruges", Douglas Kinnaird's alteration of the "Beggar's Bush" of Beaumont and Fletcher. At Drury Lane he played fewer original parts of importance, the last being General Van in Edward Knight's "Veteran, or the Farmer's Sons", 23 February 1822. He had been in bad health, and took his farewell of the stage 31 May 1824, playing Sir Robert Bramble and Old Dozey, and reciting a farewell address. Munden after his retirement was mostly confined to the house, where he was nursed by his wife. He made bad investments, but refused invitations to reappear, and after the death of a favourite daughter spent most of his time in bed. He died 6 February 1832 in Bernard Street, Russell Square, and was buried in the vaults of St George's, Bloomsbury. The disposition of his property, including a poor provision for his wife, who died in 1836, caused comment. Munden left several children. A son, Thomas Shepherd Munden, who died at Islington in July 1850, aged 50, wrote his father's biography. </doc> <doc id="2340294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340294" title="Lassana Diarra"> Lassana Diarra Lassana Diarra (born 10 March 1985), nicknamed Lass, is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 side Paris Saint-Germain. His predominant position is defensive midfielder but he can also play in a more advanced role and has played at right back, which he occasionally has done for the France national football team. Diarra has, in his club footballing career, featured for Chelsea, Arsenal, Portsmouth and Real Madrid. The Frenchman has also played for Russian clubs Anzhi Makhachkala and Lokomotiv Moscow. Diarra was turned down by football clubs as a youngster; Nantes deemed him too "small and lightweight" to succeed at 170 cm and 58 kg (5'7" and 9 stone). He admitted he thought his "football career was over." His next stop was Le Mans UC, where Diarra claimed they "didn't seem to care" about him. Diarra's footballing career finally began at Le Havre, a former French top-flight football team. Outstanding in his defensive midfield role, his reputation started to grow and impressive performances saw his selection to the French under-21 squad. Along with the reputation came interest from other clubs, and Chelsea became potential suitors. With Chelsea's Claude Makélélé getting older, Chelsea's scouts tagged Diarra as the "new Makélélé". Diarra was spotted by Gwyn Williams playing for France in the 2005 Toulon Tournament and initially came on trial, before the club paid £1 million for his services in July 2005. Diarra was in Chelsea's first team squad in the 2005–06 season, but did not see much first-team football. His Chelsea debut came in the UEFA Champions League in October 2005, when he was given a brief run out as a substitute when Chelsea were 4–0 up against Real Betis. Learning from Claude Makélélé he played well against Huddersfield Town in the FA Cup third round, winning rave reviews from both managers, teammates, and media sources. He made his league debut when he came on as a substitute for Makélélé on 5 February 2006 in a 2–0 win over Liverpool. He became a bit part player in Chelsea's first team and also completed the full 90 minutes in Chelsea's last two games of the season at Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United respectively, as manager José Mourinho rotated his squad. This meant Diarra ended the season with three league appearances as Chelsea won the 2005–06 FA Premier League. Diarra was named Chelsea's Young Player of the Season for 2005–06. Due to Chelsea's defensive injury setbacks during the 2006–07 season, he was often asked to play at right back. He played full Premier League games against Blackburn, Charlton Athletic and Middlesbrough, with some success. He also started in Chelsea's win over Arsenal in the League Cup Final at the Millennium Stadium. He was an unused substitute as Chelsea won the 2007 FA Cup Final against Manchester United. On 29 July, reports surfaced suggesting he could be on his way to Arsenal in pursuit of first-team football. Despite this, he came on as a substitute for Chelsea in the 2007 FA Community Shield. His contract with Chelsea was due to expire in January 2008, and having made no move to extend it, Chelsea sold him to Arsenal on 31 August 2007, before he could leave on a free transfer. On 31 August 2007, transfer deadline day, he signed for Arsenal for an undisclosed fee. He was given the number 8 shirt, vacated by the departure of winger Fredrik Ljungberg. On his move across London, he cited Gunners manager Arsène Wenger as one of the main reasons for joining the club, along with the style of football played by Arsenal. Wenger had called the young Frenchman a "multi-functional player", and a good addition to the squad. Diarra made his Arsenal debut as a late substitute in the home leg of the 2007–08 Champions League group stage match against Sevilla, and his full debut against Newcastle United in the third round of the League Cup. He then started his first Premier League match for Arsenal against Wigan Athletic on 24 November 2007. With the emergence of defensive midfielder Mathieu Flamini in the Arsenal side, Diarra saw only limited action in the early months of the season. Having expressed concerns that he was not playing enough first team football, Diarra signed for Portsmouth in January 2008 after only five months at Arsenal for an undisclosed fee believed to be around £5.5 million. Diarra signed for Portsmouth on 17 January 2008. He was given his first start against Derby County, contributing to a 3–1 win at Fratton Park. He scored his first goal for the club in the following match, against FA Cup Fourth Round Championship opponents Plymouth Argyle, and his first Premier League goal two weeks later, a controversial late winner against Bolton Wanderers. Diarra went on to play in every minute of Portsmouth's remaining FA Cup matches en route to claiming the trophy in the final. He topped the season by being included in the France squad for UEFA Euro 2008; this and the FA Cup win arguably vindicated his decision to part company with Arsenal, Diarra himself saying that it had "more than justified my decision." He played in the 2008 Community Shield against Manchester United, missing in the penalty shootout, which was won by United. On 18 September 2008, he scored Pompey's first-ever goal in a major European competition against Vitória de Guimarães, his third and final goal for the club. The first red card of Diarra's Premier League career came on 28 September 2008 when he was booked twice against Tottenham Hotspur at Fratton Park. On 17 December 2008, Portsmouth agreed a fee with Real Madrid for the transfer of Diarra on 1 January 2009 for a fee of around €20 million (£18.88 million), subject to a medical. He was assigned the number 6 shirt of Mahamadou Diarra for domestic competitions, as the Malian midfielder was out with a season-ending injury and the vacant number 39 for the Champions League. He wore the name "Lass" on the back of his shirt to avoid confusion with Mahamadou. Lassana Diarra's transfer was officially completed on 1 January 2009, the opening of the transfer window. Madrid had planned to add both Diarra and fellow new signing Klaas-Jan Huntelaar to their 2008–09 Champions League squad, but both players had already featured in the same season's UEFA Cup for previous clubs Portsmouth and Ajax respectively; UEFA rules would allow only one of the pair to be registered by 1 February 2009, and eventually Diarra was selected to play in the competition. Diarra's performance for Real Madrid in his first few months earned him a spot among the starting eleven on UEFA's 2008–09 La Liga Breakthrough Team. The Madridista joined Sevilla's Diego Perotti as the only foreigner on the list. According to the UEFA website, he "joined Real Madrid in the winter transfer window with a very low profile, although in a few short months he managed to convince the demanding Madridista fan base." For the 2009–10 season he was assigned the number 10 shirt after Wesley Sneijder moved to Internazionale and Mahamadou Diarra came back from injury and reclaimed the number 6 shirt. Lassana Diarra scored his first official goal for Madrid in the 2009–10 La Liga opener against Deportivo de La Coruña, providing his side with their winning goal in a 3–2 victory. In August 2010, it was reported that Diarra had been transfer listed by Madrid. However, manager José Mourinho included Diarra in his starting lineup for the first game of the 2010–11 La Liga season. Because Madrid bought Sami Khedira, Diarra faced further competition to get into the squad. However, Mourinho said he would not be leaving and said that he saw Diarra as a starter. After speculation of Diarra leaving Real Madrid during the summer 2011 transfer window, during which he did not participate in the team's pre-season, Diarra finally stayed at the club, wearing the number 24 jersey after Sami Khedira had taken number 6 and Mesut Özil number 10 during the summer. Diarra had a decent 2011–12 season, culminating in winning the La Liga title with the club. He participated in the team's 2012 pre-season, and won the 2012 Supercopa with the club. It seems he was forced out of the club alongside fellow midfield enforcer Esteban Granero to accommodate the stay of Kaká, despite the latter being linked with an exit. After falling down in the pecking order, Diarra was linked to join Russian side Spartak Moscow. On transfer deadline day, 31 August 2012, Diarra joined Anzhi Makhachkala on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee. He was originally meant to join merely on loan, but the club decided to make the deal permanent. After joining Anzhi, Diarra made an explanation that he joined the club, claiming that Samuel Eto'o persuaded him to join and insisted money was not the reason he joined. After Anzhi made their whole squad available for transfer due to cost-cutting, there was talk of a number of clubs interested in Diarra's services; Monaco and Paris Saint-Germain were thought to be interested in taking him back to France. However, he eventually signed a four-year contract with Lokomotiv Moscow on 20 August 2013, taking the number 85 shirt. He became the second most expensive transfer in Lokomotiv's history behind only Mbark Boussoufa, who was signed by the club from Anzhi Makhachkala in the summer of 2013 for €15m. Despite being sent off twice in his first matches for his new club against Zenit Saint Petersburg and Tom Tomsk respectively, Diarra quickly established himself in starting eleven, claiming one of two usual holding midfielder's posts alongside Dmitri Tarasov. In his first months at Lokomotiv, Diarra provided so many solid performances that someone even claimed that he was the strongest player in the history of the Russian Premier League. His growing influence in the team became acknowledged: in November and December 2013, he topped the monthly poll among Lokomotiv fans in social networks and received the Player of the Month award twice in a row. After the winter break, Diarra played only five out of eleven matches and his performances were a lot below the usual level. Things turned sour for Diarra at Lokomotiv in the summer of 2014, when he fell out with head coach Leonid Kuchuk. Matters came to a head when the club wanted to reduce Diarra's salary but he refused and even refused to turn up for training. Lokomotiv dismissed Diarra in August 2014 on the grounds of his refusal to show up for training, with his contract set to expire only in 2017. It even sought damages from Diarra for breach of contract and managed to get FIFA to ban him from playing professionally for another club as long as his contractual dispute with it was not settled. Kuchuk was eventually sacked by the club in September 2014. After Diarra left the club, there were several months of speculation linking Diarra with signing for one of several, major European football clubs, notably Celtic, Inter Milan, Newcastle United, Queens Park Rangers and West Ham United. On 28 May 2016, Diarra was ordered to pay a 10 million euro fine to Lokomotiv Moscow for breach of contract by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), along with €110,000 to the CAS. He was also slapped with a 15-month suspension from playing professional football and suspension of payment of salary, both of which he had already served. On 24 July 2015, Diarra signed for French Ligue 1 side Marseille. After he left Lokomotiv Moscow in August 2014, FIFA banned him from playing professionally for another club pending the settlement of his contractual dispute with Lokomotiv. Diarra made his debut for Marseille on 23 August and scored his first goal in a 6–0 victory over Troyes, while also achieving a 100 percent pass completion. At the end of the 2015–16 season, Diarra was named in the Ligue 1 Team of the Season by the UNFP. On 11 August 2016, Diarra was named as the club's new captain, replacing Steve Mandanda who had earlier joined Crystal Palace. Following Rudi Garcia's appointment as new Marseille manager in October, however, Diarra's commitment to the club was questioned and he was later stripped of his captaincy in favour of loanee, Bafétimbi Gomis. Having made only 11 league appearances for the season, Diarra was released by Marseille on 14 February 2017. Former manager José Anigo later claimed that the breakdown of relationship between club and player stemmed from then-chairman Vincent Labrune's failure to honour contractual promises to Diarra. On 19 April 2017, Diarra joined Emirati club Al Jazira. He made five appearances in the UAE Pro-League before mutually terminating his contract with the club on 24 December 2017. On 23 January 2018, Diarra joined Paris Saint-Germain on a one-and-a-half year contract. The France international has become the 436th player to represent the capital club. He made his debut for the club under coach Unai Emery on 30 January 2018 in the 3-2 Coupe de la Ligue semi-final win against Stade Rennais F.C. Diarra won 18 caps for the France under-21s. Perhaps his most notable performance came in the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification play-offs second-leg match against England at the Stade Marcel Picot in November 2005. With the match several minutes from full-time and seemingly destined for extra time (the aggregate score was 2–2), he received the ball in the England penalty box, where a challenge from Kieran Richardson brought Diarra down. A penalty was given for the foul, and Diarra's teammate Jimmy Briand scored the penalty, shooting the ball past Scott Carson. France won the tie 3-2 on aggregate and thus qualified for the finals to be held in Portugal. Diarra was selected for the senior team by coach Raymond Domenech for a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier away to Lithuania on 24 March 2007. He started the match, alongside Claude Makélélé and Jérémy Toulalan in midfield, and played the full 90 minutes. He was also selected that year for a friendly match against Austria on 28 March 2007. Diarra's consistent club performances in 2008 resulted in him being picked for the France squad for Euro 2008, ahead of high-calibre players such as Djibril Cissé and Mathieu Flamini. France was eliminated in the group stage of Euro 2008 and Diarra did not feature in any of his country's three group stage matches. Following the international retirement of fellow defensive midfielder Claude Makélélé, Diarra was called up for Domenech's France squad in the 20 August 2008 friendly with Sweden. By the end of the 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign, Diarra had made 26 appearances for France. On 11 May 2010, Diarra was named to the preliminary squad of Domenech's squad to play in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was later named to the shortened list of players and was expected to be a starter alongside Jérémy Toulalan in the midfield. On 22 May, however, while training with the national team in the high-altitude commune of Tignes, it was announced that Diarra was dropping out of the squad due to his suffering severe intestinal pain and stomach cramps as a result of the altitude. A follow-up medical check revealed that Diarra would require rest for an indefinite period. His club, Real Madrid, later revealed that Diarra was resting at home following medical advice due to asthenic syndrome secondary to sickle-cell anemia, a genetic blood disorder characterized by red blood cells that assume an abnormal, rigid, sickle shape. After an absence of over five years, Diarra received a surprise recall to the French team following a fine run of form at the beginning of the 2015–16 season. Upon announcing his return to the squad, France manager Didier Deschamps highlighted Diarra's performances in a struggling Marseille side as the reason behind his inclusion. On 12 May 2016, Diarra was named in the France squad for UEFA Euro 2016. On 30 May 2016, he played the first half of the friendly match against Cameroon and was replaced at half-time by N'Golo Kanté. However, Diarra later was forced to pull out of the squad because of a swelling in his left knee. He was replaced by Manchester United's Morgan Schneiderlin Despite being an aggressive, hard-tackling and hard-working player, Diarra has unusually good ball control for a defensive midfielder, and has been praised for his physical strength in defence, as well as his composure, and strong mentality. Although he is usually deployed in the centre of midfield as a ball-winner, due to his energy, tenacity, and tackling abilities, he is also a creative player who can dictate the tempo of his team's play with his tidy and intelligent passing from deep midfield positions after winning back possession; he is also capable of being an offensive threat due to his ability to get forward and score goals, courtesy of his striking ability from distance. Due to his many attributes and versatility, Madrid's La Sexta television commentators refer to him as a ""todocampista"," or "jack of all trades", and he has also occasionally played in more advanced midfield roles, or as a right back. Diarra is a practising Muslim. On 13 November 2015, his cousin Asta Diakité was killed during a series of coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris. At the time, Diarra was playing for France in an international friendly against Germany at the Stade de France, just north of Paris in Saint-Denis. Three suicide bombers failed to mount an attack on the stadium. Diarra grew up supporting Marseille. Correct as of 30 May 2016" Chelsea Portsmouth Real Madrid Paris Saint-Germain Individual </doc> <doc id="2340297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340297" title="Guillaume de Salluste Du Bartas"> Guillaume de Salluste Du Bartas Guillaume de Saluste Du Bartas (1544, MonfortJuly 1590, Mauvezin) was a Gascon Huguenot courtier and poet. Trained as a doctor of law, he served in the court of Henri de Navarre for most of his career. Du Bartas was celebrated across sixteenth- and seventeenth-century Europe for his divine poetry, particularly "L'Uranie "(1584), "Judit "(1584), "La Sepmaine; ou, Creation du monde" (1578), and "La Seconde Semaine" (1584-1603). Relatively little is known about Du Bartas’ life. Born in 1544, Guillaume Sallustre descended from a family of wealthy merchants in Montfort (in the Armagnac region). His family name later became ‘Saluste’ rather than 'Sallustre', perhaps to invite comparison with the Roman historian Sallust. He was possibly a student at College de Guyenne in Bordeaux (Michel de Montaigne’s school), and studied law in Toulouse under Jacques Cujas: he became a doctor of law in 1567, and subsequently a judge in Montfort in 1571. He gained the lordship of nearby Bartas (becoming Sieur Du Bartas) on his father’s death in 1566. He married Catherine de Manas, a local noblewoman, in 1570, and they had four daughters together: Anne, Jeanne, Marie and Isabeau. He entered the service of Henri de Navarre in 1576, who would become Henri IV of France in 1589. He was sent on various diplomatic missions, including to Montmorency in 1580, and Scotland and England in 1587. He died in 1590, just weeks after composing a poem that celebrated Henri's victory at the Battle of Ivry, though it is not thought that he fought in the battle. Château Du Bartas, found in Saint Georges, was Du Bartas' residence in the later part of his life. A statue of Du Bartas stands in a square named after him in Auch, the historic capital of Gascony. Du Bartas began writing poetry in the 1560s after being invited to do so by Jeanne d'Albret de Navarre. His first collection, "La muse chrestienne" (1574) contains ‘L’Uranie’, a verse prosopographia in which the Christian muse urges the poet to commit himself to composing serious poetry on scriptural themes. The other two items in the volume, the biblical epic "Judit" and 'Le Triomphe de la Foi', were examples of this new religious verse. Du Bartas' masterpiece is his "Semaines" ('Weeks'), two epic poems which freely expand on the account in the Book of Genesis of the creation of the world and the first eras of world history. Each "Semaine" consists of individual "jours" (days) which can be read separately. "La Semaine ou creation du Monde" ('The Week, of creation of the World'), subsequently also known as "La Premiere Sepmaine" was first printed in Paris in 1578, and was immediately popular. "La Sepmaine" is a hexameral poem consisting of seven "jours", each containing around 700 lines, devoted to the aspect of the world created on that day in the first week. Because the poem's structure follows Genesis 1:1-8 closely, it is easy to navigate to particular sections; for example, readers wanting to find what Du Bartas writes about cuttlefish or mullet could know to turn to 'Le Cinquiesme Jour' (The Fifth Day) and in most editions would have had marginal annotations to help them locate the description of each creature. 'Le Premier Jour' (The First Day) describes the creation of the world out of chaos (Du Bartas advocates the theory of creation "ex nihilo" - 'Nothing, but "Nothing" had the Lord Almighty, | Whereof, wherewith, whereby, to build this City' (Sylvester, I.i.228-29), forecasts the Day of Judgement and concludes with a discussion of angels. 'Le Second Jour' (The Second Day) concerns the creation of the four elements - water, air, earth and fire - and their meteorological effects. Land, seas and vegetation are created in 'Le Troisiesme Jour' (The Third Day). The earth is populated with particular species of natural life during the next three days: the sun, stars and seasons in 'Le Quatriesme Jour' (The Fourth Day); fish and birds in 'Le Cinquiesme Jour' (The Fifth Day); and land animals and human beings in 'Le Sixiesme Jour' (The Sixth Jour). In 'Le Septiesme Jour' (The Seventh Day) Gods surveys the world he has created, and the poet meditates on the created world. Following the success of his First Week, Du Bartas embarked upon a sequel that would survey world history from Adam to the apocalypse, following the plan in Augustine's "City of God". He only completed four "jours", each divided into four parts, that covered the eras of Adam, Noah, Abraham and David (the final three were to cover Zedekiah, the Messiah and the Eternal Sabbath). The first two "jours" of "La Seconde Semaine" were first printed in 1584. 'Le Premier Jour' (the era of Adam) contains 'Eden' (II.i.1) describing the Garden of Paradise; 'L'Imposture' ('The Imposture' in Sylvester's translation, II.i.2) which relates the Fall of Man; 'Les Furies' ('The Furies', II.i.3) which describes the diseases, conflicts and vices that plague mankind; and 'Les Artifices' ('The Handy Crafts', II.i.4) which is about the various crafts that humankind learnt, and Cain and Abel. 'Le Second Jour' (Noah) consists of 'L'Arche' ('The Arke', II.ii.1) retelling the Great Flood; 'Babylone' ('Babylon', II.ii.2) about the Tower of Babel and European literary cultures; 'Les Colonies' ('The Colonies', Ii.ii.3) which describes the spread of different tribes across the world; and 'Les Colomnes' ('The Columnes', II.ii.4) in which the tale (originally found in Josephus) of Seth writing scientific and astronomical knowledge on two pillars to safeguard it against fire and flood is a point of departure for a review of learning in those areas. "Les Suites de la Second Semaine," containing the third and fourth "jours", were printed in parts between 1591 and 1603. James VI of Scotland received a manuscript copy containing six of the eight sections of the "Suites" (including a version of 'Les Peres' with 830 lines not found in the printed texts) in the late 1580s. 'Le Troisieme Jour' continues the narrative into the age of Abraham: La Vocation ('The Vocation', II.iii.1) and 'Les Peres' ('The Fathers', II.iii.2) cover the end of the Book of Genesis in relating the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah and the sacrifice of Isaac respectively, while 'La Loy' ('The Law', II.iii.3) moves into the Exodus narrative and 'Les Captaines' ('The Captains', II.iii.4) to Joshua and Samuel. 'Le Quatrieme Jour' is devoted to David: 'Les Trophees' ('The Trophies', II.iv.1), 'La Magnificence' ('The Magnificence', II.iv.2) is about Solomon, and the final two completed sections, 'Le Schisme' ('The Schism', II.iv.3) and finally 'La Decadence' ('The Decay', II.iv.4), reviews the monarchs of the Books of Kings and Book of Chronicles. "La Sepmaine" was instantly successful in France: there were 42 editions between 1578 and 1632, often printed with Simon Goulart's marginal annotations and commentary. Du Bartas was the most highly esteemed French poet in France at the turn of the seventeenth century, even more so than Ronsard, and in 1620 was still regarded as the apogee of French 'grand poesie'. However, there were no further French editions of the "Semaines" after 1630. What were once regarded as the stylistic merits of Du Bartas' were later deemed to be weaknesses: his use of compound epithets, duplication of initial syllables, frequent inclusion of metaphors and similes and a highly compressed and accumulative style all contributed to a sense that his poetry was over-wrought and over-elaborate. Nonetheless there were over thirty poems influenced by Du Bartas printed in France between 1601 and 1697, including direct continuations or parodies such as Christophe de Gamon's "La Sepmaine" (1609) and A. D’Argent’s "Sepmaine" (1629), and printed references praising Du Bartas in works written throughout this period. As late as 1684 Madeleine de Scudéry recalled the often-cited anecdote that Ronsard had once remarked that Du Bartas had achieved more in a week than he had in his entire life. Du Bartas was, however, an object of criticism: he was, for example, cited for examples of mistakes to avoid in a "Brève instruction" (1667). Du Bartas' reputation remained low in subsequent centuries: in 1842 Charles Augustin Sainte-Beuve wrote that Du Bartas ‘a pu s’égarer et céder au mauvais goût de son temps dans le gros de ces oeuvres’ (‘was led astray and gave into the poor taste of his times in most of his work’). Though Du Bartas is still not widely known in France today, critical re-appraisals in the twentieth century, led by James Dauphiné, Yvonne Bellenger and other, have shown how Du Bartas' encyclopedic writing was representative of its time and is still worthy of attention. James VI of Scotland's enthusiasm for Du Bartas made the Frenchman's poetry uniquely popular in sixteenth-century Scotland. James possessed a copy of "La Sepmaine" given to him by his nurse, and a year later wrote in the preface to his "Essayes of a Prentise" (Edinburgh, 1584) that The volume contained James’s Scots translation of "L'Uranie". Du Bartas' synthesis of sacred and secular verse matched the King's own aesthetic preferences, and also his political imperative to consolidate his divine and political authority. The King shared Urania's sense that more poets should write about the highest matters: Thomas Hudson, a court musician, was (so he writes in the preface) commissioned by the King to prepare a translation of "Judit", which was printed in 1584 with prefatory sonnets by James and others. Du Bartas was evidently quickly made aware of the King’s attention, for a publisher’s contract which Du Bartas signed in 1585 mentions printing the King’s translation (as well as Du Bartas’ translation of the King’s ‘Ane Schort Poeme of Tyme’). Du Bartas and James subsequently met in the summer of 1587 when the French poet travelled on a diplomatic mission to Scotland, via the English Court, to propose a marriage match between James and Henri de Navarre’s sister, Catherine de Bourbon.Though the match never happened, Du Bartas remained in high esteem with James: he received expensive gifts on departure, and the King invited him to return. It may well have been during this visit that Du Bartas translated James’ mini-epic on The Battle of Lepanto which was printed alongside James’ original poem and his translation of ‘Les Furies’ in his "Poeticall Exercises at Vacant Houres" (1591). Poets writing at the Jacobean Court (members of the so-called "Castalian Band") all knew of Du Bartas, who was ‘aesthetically and ideologically a role-model for James’ and ‘emblematic of the direction, spiritually, philosophically and aesthetically, in which James sought to lead his imagined renaissance’ (Sarah Dunnigan) at the Scottish Court. William Fowler and John Stewart of Baldynneis are two poets who refer to Urania as a symbolic figurehead for the kind of poetic inspiration to which they aspired in vain. Hadrian Damman’s Latin translation was dedicated to James when printed in 1600 (a manuscript copy dated 1596 also survives, National Library of Scotland MS Adv. 19.2.10). William Drummond of Hawthornden, William Alexander and Zachary Boyd are three seventeenth-century Scottish poets who knew Du Bartas’ works well; the latter two imitate his works (Sylvester's translation in Boyd's case) extensively. James had a major impact on English responses both before and after his accession to the English throne. Gabriel Harvey is one of numerous writers in London who were reading James' translation in the 1590s: when Harvey praised Du Bartas as the ‘Treasurer of Humanity and 'Ieweller of Diuinity’ and ‘a right inspired, and enravished Poet’ in the preface to "Pierces Supererogation" (1593) and other works, he was in part drawing on notes made in his copy of James's "Essayes". A passage in the King's "Basilikon Doron" exhorting more poets to 'bee well versed' in Du Bartas' poetry was cited, for instance, by Thomas Winter in the dedicatory epistle of his translation of the "Third Dayes Creation" (1604). Joshua Sylvester dedicated his translation "Devine Weekes and Workes" (1605) to James, having presented a manuscript extract to the King in the previous year. Du Bartas was extremely popular in early modern England, and was still being read widely in the later seventeenth century even as his reputation in France began to decline. Around two hundred texts printed in England before 1700 make direct reference to Du Bartas, including seventy-five from the period 1641-1700. There were numerous translations of sections of the "Semaines" into English, of which the most significant is Josuah Sylvester's "Devine Weekes and Workes" (1605 et seq.; re-printed six times by 1641). Du Bartas was quickly regarded as a divine epic poet whose works took their place among the great European classics: Gabriel Harvey, for example, compared Du Bartas to Homer, Virgil and Dante. Sir Philip Sidney apparently admired Du Bartas' works later in life, and his translation of 'Salust Du Bartas' was entered into the Stationers’ Register in 1588, but is now unknown. Du Bartas had in effect synthesized the two highest forms of poetry, divine and philosophical, described in Sidney’s "Apology for Poetry". S. K. Heninger, reflecting on similarities between Sidney and Du Bartas’ conception of poetry, writes that: ‘the reader could ponder the wide-ranging mysteries of creation. He could contemplate God’s intention, His methods, His results. The text is characterized by a Protestant passion for the truth—the truth, at once universal and concrete. It is also characterized by a Protestant devotion to the word—the word, at once comprehensive and knowable, "logos" though it may be.’ William Scott, author of ‘The Model of Poesy’ and a translator of the first two Days of "La Sepmaine", found moral, spiritual and aesthetic value in the poetry of 'our incomparable Bartas, who hath opened as much natural science in one week, containing the story of the creation, as all the rabble of schoolmen and philosophers have done since Plato and Aristotle.' Edmund Spenser, said by Harvey to have particularly enjoyed The Fourth Day, writes in "The Ruines of Time" that after Joachim Du Bellay 'gins "Bartas" hie to rayse | His heavenly Muse, th'Almighty to adore'; however, ‘within the shared province of Christian epic, Spenser and du Bartas remain fairly far apart’ (Susan Snyder). According to Snyder, ‘clearly everyone in pre-Restoration England who had received a literary education read the Weekes and almost all [...] admired it.’ Du Bartas was John Milton's ‘earliest English literary model’, and traces of direct influence are arguably most apparent in "Poems" 1645. Nonetheless the "Semaines "were a major precursor for "Paradise Lost ", and can productively be compared with it. Du Bartas was also an early influence on Anne Bradstreet; one of her earliest dated works is her elegy ‘In Honour of Du Bartas. 1641’. The prefatory materials to "The Tenth Muse" (1650) make numerous references to Bradstreet's enthusiasm for Du Bartas, including Nathaniel Ward's condescending remark that Bradstreet is a 'right Du Bartas girle'. Though Bradstreet's poetry owes much to Du Bartas' methods, her work is not derivative, and she denied that her poetry imitates Du Bartas in her dedicatory poem to her father Thomas Dudley: 'I honour him, but dare not wear his wealth’ (ll. 38-9). Lucy Hutchinson would have read "Devine Weekes" before writing "Order and Disorder". Du Bartas' works, particularly and often exclusively "La Sepmaine", were translated into numerous other European languages in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. There were translations into Latin (by Gabriel de Lerm (1583), Jean Édouard Du Monin (1579), Hadrian Damman (1600) and Samuel Benoît (1609)), Italian (by Ferrante Guisone, first printed in 1592 and reprinted five times before 1613), Spanish (Joan Dessi, 1610, and Francisco de Cáceres in 1612) and German (Tobias Hübner, 1622 and 1631). Several Dutch translators produced versions: Zacharias Heyns (1616, 1621 and 1628), Theodorick van Liefvelt, Heer van Opdorp (1609), Wessel van den Boetselaer, Heer van Asperen (1622) and Joost van den Vondel. A Danish translation of "La Sepmaine" was printed in 1661, and a Swedish translation in 1685. Du Bartas' popularity apparently declined throughout Europe in the eighteenth century: in his translation of Diderot's 'Rameau's Nephew' (1805) Johann Wolfgang von Goethe expressed surprise that "La Sepmaine" was no longer widely known. </doc> <doc id="2340298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340298" title="Kannur"> Kannur Kannur, also known by its anglicised name Cannanore, is a city and a Municipal Corporation in Kannur district, state of Kerala, India. It is the administrative headquarters of the Kannur District and situated 518 km north of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram. During British rule in India, Kannur was known as Cannanore, a name that is still in use by the Indian Railways. Kannur is the largest city of North Malabar region. Kannur is one of the million-plus urban agglomerations in India with a population of 1,642,892 in 2011. Kannur is often known as "The crown of Kerala" because of its natural treasures is edged by the Western Ghats in the east, Kozhikode and Wayanad districts in the south, Lakshadeep Sea (Laccadive Sea) in the west and Kasargod in the north. Kannur is popularly known as "The city of Looms and Lores" because of the loom industries functioning in the district and ritualistic folk arts called Theyyam held in temples. Kannur has a rich culture, history and traditions that are often connected with many scholars and legends from this region and also known as "The land of looms and laurel".. Kannur is of great strategic military importance in India. Kannur Cantonment is one of the 62 military cantonments in the country and is the headquarters of the Defence Security Corps and Territorial Army’s 122 Infantry Battalion (part of the Madras Regiment). The Indian Naval Academy (INA) is 35 km north of Kannur City. It is Asia's largest and the world's third largest naval academy. An Indian Coast Guard Academy has received approval to be built at Kannur. This academy will be built on the banks of Valapattanam River at Irinave, east of Azhikkal. The name "Kannur". may have been derived from Kanathur, an ancient village. There are many myths and legends associated with the name Kannur. It is believed to be a portmanteau derived from two Malayalam words, ‘Kannan’ (Krishna, a Hindu deity), and ‘Uuru’ (place), the Land of Lord Krishna. During the British Raj, the city was known by its anglicised name "Cannanore", the Portuguese version of its ancient name, 'Kannanore'. Kannur was an important trading centre in the 12th century, with active business connections with Persia and Arabia. It served as the British military headquarters on India's west coast until 1887. In conjunction with its sister city, Tellicherry, it was the third largest city on the western coast of British India in the 18th century after Bombay and Karachi. The modern town is referred to as Kannur Town. Kannur, as a district and surrounding areas, were mostly ruled by the famous Kolathiri rajas (kings). When the state of Kerala was formed the district took the name Kannur since the administrative offices were established here. Before that, Kannur was under the Chirakkal Taluk of Madras state under British rule. When the British dominated this part of the world, they preferred Madras and Cochin as their major stations and Kannur started to lose its old glory. The people of Kannur are still waiting for their old glory to get back and they feel they are being sidelined because the state administration is located exactly opposite side of the state. Part of the original city of Kannur was under Kerala's only Muslim Royalty called the Arakkal and this area is still known as City. St. Angelo Fort was built in 1505 by Dom Francisco de Almeida, the first Portuguese Viceroy of India. The Dutch captured the fort from the Portuguese in 1663. They modernised the fort and built the bastions Hollandia, Zeelandia and Frieslandia that are the major features of the present structure. The original Portuguese fort was pulled down later. A painting of this fort and the fishing ferry behind it can be seen in the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. The Dutch sold the fort to king Ali Raja of Arakkal in 1772. During the 17th century, Kannur was the capital city of the only Muslim Sultanate in Kerala, known as Arakkal. Then the British conquered it in 1790 and used it as one of their major military stations on the Malabar Coast. During the British Raj, Kannur was part of the Madras province in the North Malabar District. The guerrilla war by Pazhassi Raja, the ruler of Kottayam province, against the British had a huge impact in the history of Kannur. Changes in the socio-economic and political sectors in Kerala during the initial decades of 20th century created conditions congenial for the growth of the Communist Party. Extension of English education initiated by Christian missionaries in 1906 and later carried forward by government, rebellion for wearing a cloth to cover upper parts of body, installing an idol at Aruvippuram in 1888, Malayali Memorial in 1891, establishment of SNDP Yogam in 1903, activities, struggles etc. became factors helpful to accelerate changes in Kerala society during a short time. Movements for liberation from the colonial rule of British imperialism and struggles launched by these movements grew with them. Very soon, ideas about socialism and Soviet Revolution reached Kerala. Such ideas got propagated in Kerala through the works of Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai, Sahodaran Ayyappan, P. Kesavadev and others. By the beginning of the 1930s some other useful developments were taking place. Important among them was Nivarthana Agitation in Travancore. That was the demand of people suppressed so far as untouchables and weaker sections for participation in government. This brought to the forefront struggles like proportional representation in government and reservation of jobs. This imparted a new enthusiasm among oppressed masses. Kannur, particularly the rural areas, has been referred to as a stranglehold of the left parties – locally known as 'party "gramam"'. "Gramam" means 'village' and usually denote local allegiance to only one party. Kannur has a strong presence of trade unions as well as left-leaning organizations. However, other parties also have strong influence. Past political leaders from Kannur include two chief ministers K. Karunakaran and E. K Nayanar, central ministers E. Ahmed, C. M. Ebrahim, Venugopal, etc., the benefits of development were very slow to reach the place. 3 ministers out of 18 in the present government are from Kannur including the Chief Minister. The Chief Minister, Pinarayi Vijayan from Pinarayi village represents Dharmadam Constituency in Kannur. Since the formation of the state, roughly half who occupied the Chief Minister's office had some sort of connection to the district. According to the 2011 census of India, Kannur city has a population of . Males constitute 46.2% of the population and females 53.8%. Kannur has an average literacy rate of 96.23%, higher than the national average of 74.04%. Male literacy is 98% and female literacy is 94%. In Kannur, 12% of the population is under six years of age. Hindus form the majority of the population with 32,026 members forming 56.3% of the population. There are 21,557 Muslims forming 37.9% of the population. Christians form 5% of the population with 2,892 members. The Anglo-Indian community in Kannur live mainly in the Kannur Cantonment of Burnacherry and its surrounding areas of Thillery, No.3 Bazaar and Camp Bazaar. Malayalam is the administrative and local language. Kannur Taluk has 27 villages. St. Angelo Fort was built in 1505 by the first Portuguese Viceroy of India, Dom Francisco de Almeida. In 1663, the Dutch captured it and then in 1772, they sold the fort to the Arakkal King. In 1790, the British captured it, and it was under the British until 1947. Kannur is assumed to have got the name, the "Land of Krishna" ("Kannande uuru") because of Kadalai Shri Krishna Temple. Shri Rajarajeshwara temple, Thiruvangad_Sree_Ramaswami_Temple, Kottiyoor Temple, Parassinikadavu Sree Muthappan Temple , Annapurneshwari Temple, Peralassery Sree Subrahmanya swami temple, Payyanur Sree Subrahmanya swami temple, Trichambaram Temple and Madayikavu temple, are the famed temples of the region. The Shri Rajarajeshwara temple is a very important temple in South India, considering the fact, that the devaprasna ritual, to astrologically determine the problems of most of the important South Indian temples is conducted here. Other temples: Kannur has a good road network connecting to Mangalore, Bangalore, Mysore, Kodagu and Cochin. The railway station is also well connected to all parts of India. The nearest airports are at Calicut and Mangalore while the new airport coming up in Kannur is expected to begin commercial operations in mid-2018. Kannur is on National Highway 66 or (formerly National Highway 17) between Kozhikode and Mangalore. This highway is scheduled to be expanded to four lanes. A bypass for Kannur city is proposed under the NH widening project. Kannur is connected to Kodagu, Mysore and Bangalore in Karnataka by the Thalassery–Coorg–Mysore interstate highway. Kannur railway station is one of the major stations of the Southern Railway zone, under the jurisdiction of the . All trains including the Thiruvananthapuram Rajdhani Express and Garib Rath stop at Kannur. Six daily trains and around 15 weekly or bi-weekly trains connect Kannur to the capital Thiruvananthapuram. Kannur is well connected through rail with Mangalore and Kozhikode. Construction of Kannur International Airport Mattanur is completed in Kannur District, Kerala, India. Kannur International Airport Ltd (KIAL) MD, V. Thulasidas confirmed December 9 as the launch date after it received the approval from the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). It is the fourth international airport in Kerala. The airport will have a runway.(the longest in the State) and state of the art passenger terminal as well other amenities. It will be well connected by a comprehensive network of roads and a proposal for railway line has also been mooted. In the 2016–17 Union Railway budget, were dedicated for under Extra Budgetary Resource (EBR) in which a part of the bill will be borne by the State Government towards the railway line. Many local cable television channels are available in Kannur. The most popular cable channels are City Channel, City Gold, City Juke, Network Channel(s), Zeal Network, Kannur Vision, World Vision, Worldvision Music, Chakkarakkal, and Gramika channel Koothuparamba. All India Radio is broadcast in Kannur at 101.5 MHz. Private FM radio stations in Kannur include: A number of newspapers are published from Kannur, including the "Malayala Manorama, Mathrubhumi, Madhyamam, Deshabhimani, Deepika, Rashtra Deepika, Chandrika, Kerala Kaumudi, Mangalam, Janmabhumi, Veekshanam, Thejas", "Siraj", Suprabhaatham, Janayugom and The New Indian Express. Literature: Cherusseri Namboothiri, T. Padmanabhan, T. K. D. Muzhappilangad Sports: Jimmy George, V. P. Sathyan, C.K. Vineeth Political leaders: M. V. Raghavan, Pinarayi Vijayan, K.Karunakaran, E. K. Nayanar, Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, E. P. Jayarajan, Kadannappalli Ramachandran, K. Sudhakaran, Malayalam movie actors Sreenivasan,Vineeth Sreenivasan, Malavika Mohanan, Samvrutha Sunil, Geetu Mohandas, Jishnu Raghavan, Vineeth, Vineeth Kumar, Sanusha, Sanoop Santhosh, Nikhila Vimal, Sreekala Sasidharan, Anju Aravind, Athmiya, and Sruthi Lakshmi are from Kannur Music composers Kaithapram Damodaran, Kannur Rajan, Deepak Dev, Shaan Rahman Dancer Shamna Kasim Kannur has an elevation of 1.02 metres (2.98 ft) along the coast of the Laccadive Sea, with a sandy coastal area. The town has an 8 km-long seashore and a 3 km-long beach at Payyambalam. Kannur experiences a rare humid tropical monsoon climate under the Köppen climate classification ("Am"). In April and May, the average daily maximum temperature is about . Temperatures are low in December and January: about . Like other areas on the Malabar Coast, this town receives heavy rainfall during the Southwest monsoon. The annual average rainfall is 3438 mm, around 68% of which is received in July. Kannur is located towards north of Kozhikode (Calicut, India) south of Mangalore and towards the west of Western Ghats Coorg and mananthavady taluk of Wayanad. </doc> <doc id="2340304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340304" title="Ward-Meade Park Botanical Gardens"> Ward-Meade Park Botanical Gardens Ward-Meade Park Botanical Gardens 2.5 acres (10,000 m²) are botanical gardens located in Historic Ward-Meade Park at 124 NW Fillmore Street, Topeka, Kansas, United States. The gardens feature more than 500 varieties of flowers, shrubs, and trees, all labeled with their botanical names, as well as a water garden with a footbridge, a gazebo and benches. </doc> <doc id="2340306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340306" title="Formula One Group"> Formula One Group The Formula One Group is a group of companies responsible for the promotion of the FIA Formula One World Championship, and the exercising of the sport's commercial rights. The Group was previously owned by Delta Topco, a Jersey-based company owned primarily by investment companies CVC Capital Partners, Waddell & Reed, and LBI Group, with the remaining ownership split between Bernie Ecclestone, other investment companies and company directors. It has subsequently been bought out by Liberty Media. Bernie Ecclestone, a former Formula One team boss, spent 40 years as chief executive of the company after gaining control of the commercial rights. , the Group is run by Chase Carey as Chairman and Chief Executive, with Ross Brawn serving as Managing Director, Motor Sports; and Sean Bratches serving as Managing Director, Commercial Operations. Ecclestone serves as Chairman Emeritus. In 1974, the Formula One Constructors Association (FOCA) was founded in order to increase commercial organisation of Formula One for the benefit of the racing teams. In 1978, Bernie Ecclestone became the executive of FOCA, and fought the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) for control of the commercial rights of F1. Disputes were settled by March 1981 when the Concorde Agreement gave FOCA the right to negotiate TV contracts. Under previous arrangements, TV contracts were not very lucrative and were risky. When the second Concorde Agreement was agreed in 1987, Bernie Ecclestone ceased being a team owner, and established the Formula One Promotions and Administration (FOPA), to manage TV rights for the teams. FOPA would later become known as "Formula One Management" (FOM). FOPA received 49% of TV revenues: 1% went to the teams, and 50% to the FIA. FOPA, however, received all the fees paid by promoters. In exchange for this, FOPA paid prize money to the teams. The third Concorde Agreement was signed in 1992. When the fourth Concorde Agreement was signed in 1995, the FIA decided to grant the commercial rights of F1 to Formula One Administration (managed by FOM) for a 14-year period. In exchange, Ecclestone would provide an annual payment. With FOM having exclusive rights to popular team names like Team McLaren, WilliamsF1, and Tyrrell Formula One, the aforementioned teams protested by rejecting the following Concorde Agreement in 1997. A compromise was reached and a new Concorde Agreement was signed by all teams in 1998. Team McLaren, WilliamsF1, Scuderia Ferrari and Renault F1 formed GPWC Holdings, and threatened to form a rival racing franchise in 2008 when their contracts ended in 2007. SLEC Holdings was created as the holding company of the Formula One companies in 1996 when Bernie Ecclestone transferred his ownership of Formula One businesses to his wife, Slavica Ecclestone, in preparation for a 1997 flotation of the group. In October 1999, Morgan Grenfell Private Equity (MGPE) acquired 12.5% of SLEC for £234 million. In February 2000, Hellman and Friedman purchased a 37.5% share of SLEC for £625 million, and combined its share with that of MGPE to form Speed Investments; which thus had a combined holding of 50% of SLEC. On 22 March 2000, German media company EM.TV & Merchandising purchased Speed Investments for £1.1 billion. EM.TV's acquisitions caused it financial difficulties; following its announcement that its 2000 earnings would be below expectations and it was struggling with its debts, the share price dropped 90%. In February, the Kirch Group agreed to rescue EM.TV in return for a stake in the company and control of Speed Investments. Alan Henry of "The Guardian" reported that the two companies also agreed to exercise EM.TV's option to purchase another 25% of SLEC for approximately £600 million in late-March 2001. To raise Speed Investments' share of SLEC to 75% Kirch borrowed €1.6 billion, €1 billion from Bayerische Landesbank (BayernLB) and the rest from Lehman Brothers and JPMorgan Chase. Kirch's involvement raised concerns among the major motor manufacturers who participate in Formula One; BMW, DaimlerChrysler, Fiat, Ford, and Renault formed GPWC Holding BV to secure better representation of the manufacturers in F1, improved financial conditions for the teams, stability for the championship, and maintenance of free-to-air television coverage. Due to the agreement associated with their shareholding, SLEC was controlled by Kirch, who hence controlled the board of Formula One Holdings (FOH). Due to huge losses and massive expenditure, Kirch's creditors put the company into receivership in 2002. These banks dismantled the group. Kirch's share of SLEC was retained by Bayerische Landesbank (BayernLB), JPMorgan Chase and Lehman Brothers (through Speed Investments). Before they could exercise their rights as shareholders, they had to seek clearance from the European Commission. In the intervening period, Ecclestone instituted changes in the boards of SLEC, FOH, Formula One Administration (FOA) and Formula One Management (FOM); which in effect put Bambino Holdings in control of those companies. In mid-November 2004, the three banks sued Ecclestone for more control over the sport, prompting speculation that Ecclestone might altogether lose the control he has maintained for then more than thirty years. A two-day court hearing began on 23 November, but after the proceedings had ended the following day, Justice Andrew Park announced his intention to reserve ruling for several weeks. On 6 December 2004, Park read his verdict, stating that "In [his] judgment it is clear that Speed's contentions are correct and [he] should therefore make the declarations which it requests". However, Ecclestone insisted that the verdict - seen almost universally as a legal blow to his control of Formula One - would mean "nothing at all". He stated his intention to appeal the decision. The following day, at a meeting of team bosses at Heathrow Airport in London, Ecclestone offered the teams a total of £260,000,000 over three years, in return for unanimous renewal of the Concorde Agreement, which was due to expire in 2008. Weeks later, Gerhard Gibkowsky, a board member of Bayerische Landesbank and the chairman of SLEC, stated that the banks had no intention to remove Ecclestone from his position of control. In November 2005, CVC Capital Partners announced it was to acquire the 25% and 48% shares of Bambino and Bayerische Landesbank in SLEC, and acquired the shares of JPMorgan Chase in December 2005. This deal was given approval by the European Commission on 21 March 2006 and finalised on 28 March. Ecclestone used the proceeds of the sale of Bambino Holdings' share to reinvest in the company to give the Ecclestone family a 13.8% stake in the holding company Alpha Prema. On 30 March 2006, CVC purchased the 14.1% share of SLEC held by Lehman Brothers to give CVC a majority ownership in the Formula One Group with 63.4%, with other shareholdings owned by LBI Group, JP Morgan, and company directors. The Formula One Group planned an initial public offering on the Singapore Stock Exchange in June 2012, valuing the company at $10 billion. Up to 30% of the company would be listed, with most of the stocks coming from the shareholding owned by the creditors of the bankrupt Lehman Brothers. However, the flotation was delayed until October 2012, with Ecclestone citing volatile markets and problems in the Eurozone. CVC sold part of its stake in the company to three investment companies: Waddell & Reed, BlackRock and Norges Bank; reducing its holding to 35.5%, and making Waddell & Reed the second-biggest shareholder. The planned flotation was kept on hold throughout 2012, until it was revived in April 2013 when Ecclestone announced it would take place within the year. In late 2016, Liberty Media agreed to buy controlling interest in the "Formula One Group" for US$4.4 billion (£3.3 billion). The deal was approved by regulators and completed on 23 January 2017. Chase Carey subsequently became chief executive of the Group, following a coup against Ecclestone. The Formula One Group is listed in the NASDAQ as a tracking stock under the ticker FWONK. The Formula One Group is controlled by its shareholders through the Delta Topco holding company, which through a number of holding companies registered in the United Kingdom, Jersey and Luxembourg; controls the SLEC Holdings company, the Formula One Group's immediate owner. The Formula One Group comprises several subsidiary companies which control the various rights, management, and licensing operations of the Formula One World Championship. The commercial rights of Formula One are controlled by Formula One World Championship Limited (FOWC), which received the rights to Formula One for a period of 100 years from the FIA. Formula One World Championship's control of the rights began from the beginning of 2011, where it took over from sister company Formula One Administration (FOA), which controlled the rights for a 14-year period beginning in 1996. FOWC, as the commercial rights holder, negotiates the contracts for holding F1 Grands Prix, organising television contracts with broadcasters, and receiving licensing fees for use of Formula One material. The company also has a seat on the FIA World Motor Sport Council, the body responsible for regulating international motorsport. Formula One Licensing BV is a related Dutch registered company of the Formula One Group which claims ownership of the trademarks of Formula One; the F1 logo, "Formula 1", "Formula One", "F1" and the "Sweeping Curves device" shown before Grands Prix. Formula One Management (FOM) is the main operating company of the group, and controls the broadcasting, organisation and promotional rights of Formula One. The company makes the televised feeds of all Grand Prix sessions, which are then supplied through the Eurovision satellites network (EBU) to broadcasters who provide commentary and distribute the feed in the authorised region(s) of said broadcasters. The production arm of FOM is based at Biggin Hill Airport, Kent, for easy travel of the equipment needed to broadcast the race. Financially, FOM provides partial investment for new tracks and teams, to allow them to establish themselves in the sport and grow Formula One's presence in new markets. The season calendar for the championship is structured by FOM, with the WMSC having oversight. Payments to the teams are determined by the Concorde Agreement, which gives the teams 50% of the television money in Constructors' Championship order, and awards a prize fund to teams based upon their results, which is drawn from the fees Grand Prix promoters pay for staging the race. The logistics of moving equipment and personnel from each race is also handled by FOM, which provides the teams with a set amount of transport for the races outside of Europe. , the senior management of the company are: The Formula One Group is used to refer to several related companies, which although not part of the Group, are controlled by the Delta Topco holding company, and have business related to Formula One. GP2 Motorsport Ltd was acquired by CVC in 2007, with its ownership controlled by Formula One's holding companies. The GP2 Series is Formula One's main feeder series, and runs races at the European rounds of the F1 championship, in order to give drivers experience and exposure to Formula One teams. The GP3 Series, the next single-seater level down from GP2, is also controlled by GP2 Motorsport. The Formula One Group also owns Istanbul Park AS, which runs the Istanbul Park racing circuit, the former host to the Turkish Grand Prix. The Formula One Group also owns the rights to the "GP1" name. Allsport Management SA is a Swiss registered company which manages the sale of almost all Formula One trackside advertising, and the Formula One Paddock Club. Allsport Management was founded by Paddy McNally, who had begun to work with Bernie Ecclestone in the late 1970s. McNally, who was a former Marlboro sponsorship consultant, came up with a solution to "tidy up" trackside advertising; this solution was called "themed advertising", where one advertiser is given total exposure at one part of the track. This is in contrast to the Monaco Grand Prix, the only grand prix where Allsport is not involved; where space is sold such that multiple advertisers are visible in every picture. The Paddock Club is Formula One's corporate hospitality organisation, which provides a luxury area for VIP's and sponsors for the Grand Prix weekend, and also gives access to teams and drivers and tours of the pits. In 2006, Allsport Management (and the related Allsopp Parker & Marsh companies) were acquired by CVC through Delta Topco, meaning that the sport's complete revenues are controlled by the Formula One Group. In July 1996, FOM started F1 Digital (later known as F1 Digital+) because then the world feed were produced by a 'host broadcaster' from each nation produced the World Feed for their home race, for example TF1 for the French Grand Prix. This led to a two-tier system which was unpopular with viewers due to local broadcasters focusing heavily on local teams and drivers, whilst missing key moments. So, it was used in Germany (by DF1), France (by Canal+), Italy (by TELE+) and United Kingdom (by BSkyB). FOM and F1 Digital+ produced the world feeds of the Brazilian Grand Prix's from 1997 to 1999 and the 2002 United States Grand Prix. F1 Digital+ was axed in December 2002 and most of the design featured by FOM in the world feed from 2004. FOM produced the world feed for four races in 2004: the Australian, Bahrain, Malaysian and Chinese Grand Prix's. In 2005, they added the Canadian, United States and Turkish Grand Prix's to the world feed. In 2006 only the Bahrain, Malaysian, Australian, Canadian, United States, Turkish and Chinese Grand Prix's were produced by FOM on the world feed. The world feed, produced by FOM had the Spanish, French, British, Hungarian, Italian and Belgian Grand Prix's in 2007. In 2008, The United States Grand Prix was not on the calendar but they added the German, European, Singapore Grand Prix and Brazilian Grand Prix's to the world feed. The world feed, produced by FOM added the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in 2009 but the Canadian Grand Prix was not on the calendar. In 2010, The Canadian and Korean Grand Prix's went on the world feed. The world feed, produced by FOM added the Indian Grand Prix in 2011 but the Bahrain Grand Prix was cancelled by the FIA. The world feed, produced by FOM added the Bahrain, Japanese and United States Grand Prix's in 2012 but the Turkish Grand Prix was not on the schedule. A gentlemen’s agreement has allegedly existed for some time between Dorna CEO Carmelo Ezpeleta and Bernie Ecclestone, CEO of Formula One rights holder FOM, to do what is necessary to avoid a direct TV conflict between F1 and MotoGP. At schedule-making time there is consultation between the two sides, but, in general, when F1 makes a change creating a conflict with a MotoGP date, MotoGP responds by changing dates. </doc> <doc id="2340309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340309" title="East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools"> East Asia Regional Council of Overseas Schools The East Asia Regional Council of Schools is an organization of 158 member schools in East Asia. These schools have a total of more than132,000 pre-K to 12th grade students. EARCOS also has 170 associate members— textbook and software publishers and distributors, universities, financial planners, architectural firms, insurance companies, youth organizations, etc— and over 35 individual members. Membership in EARCOS is open to elementary and secondary schools in East Asia which offer an educational program using English as the primary language of instruction, and to other organizations, institutions, and individuals interested in the objectives and purposes of the Council. </doc> <doc id="2340316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340316" title="Herbert H. Bateman"> Herbert H. Bateman Herbert Harvell "Herb" Bateman (August 7, 1928 – September 11, 2000) was an American politician in Virginia. He was a nine-term member of the United States House of Representatives, serving as a Republican from 1983 until his death from natural causes in Leesburg, Virginia in 2000. Bateman was born in Elizabeth City, North Carolina on August 7, 1928. However, he lived most of his life in Newport News, Virginia. A graduate of Newport News High School in 1945, Bateman went on to William and Mary to earn a Bachelor's degree. After graduation, he briefly taught at Hampton High School from 1949 to 1951, when he enlisted in the United States Air Force as a 1st lieutenant during the Korean War. He served until 1953. Upon his return home, Bateman enrolled in the Law Center at Georgetown University, where in 1956 he earned his law degree. He served a short time as a clerk for the United States Court of Appeals in Washington, D.C. before practicing law privately in Newport News from 1968 to 1983. During this period he worked to build a political base through community activism and membership in the Virginia Jaycees. Bateman served as president of the Virginia Jaycees and National legal counsel for the United States Junior Chamber of Commerce. Bateman was elected to the Senate of Virginia for 14 years, representing a portion of Newport News. He was originally a Democrat, but became a Republican in 1976. In 1982, he was elected to succeed Paul S. Trible, Jr. as the representative for the 1st District in the United States House of Representatives. While serving in the House, Bateman was a member of the Armed Forces and Transportation Infrastructure Committees, while chairing the Subcommittee on Military Readiness and the House Merchant Marine Panel. While in the House of Representatives, Bateman's voting record was moderate by Southern Republican standards; he had a lifetime rating of 79 from the American Conservative Union. He was a strong supporter of controlling government spending. However, he was particularly active on defense issues. Since Newport News was a center for military work, he strongly supported military spending. He also served his constituents as a member of organizations such as the Virginia Jaycees, Peninsula United Way and Red Cross Blood Donor Program. Health was a major concern for Bateman during the 1990s. In 1990, he was diagnosed with lung and prostate cancer. In 1995, he suffered a heart attack, but was able to recover. He had surgery to remove cancer from his right lung in 1998, and had a partial blockage of a major artery removed in 1999. He was diagnosed with a cancerous lymph node in January 2000, which prompted him to not seek re-election. Bateman died on September 11, 2000 from natural causes. He was in Leesburg, Virginia at the time for a golf tournament. He was serving out the remainder of his ninth term at the time of his death. He is buried in Peninsula Memorial Park in Newport News, Virginia. He was survived by his wife, Laura, and two children, a son and daughter. His son, Herbert H. Bateman Jr., presently serves on the Newport News City Council as Vice Mayor and on the Peninsula Airport Commission. Daughter, Laura Margaret Bateman, is the principle of Bateman Consulting, a government and public affairs consulting firm. Both his papers from his time as a state senator as well as his papers from his time in Congress can be found at the Special Collections Research Center at the College of William & Mary. </doc> <doc id="2340317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340317" title="Sylvia Young Theatre School"> Sylvia Young Theatre School Sylvia Young Theatre School is an independent school in the Marble Arch area, London, England. It is a specialist performing arts school named after its founder and principal, Sylvia Young. The Sylvia Young Theatre School was founded in 1972 with part-time classes in East London. It was established as a full-time school in 1981 on Drury Lane, but due to expansion it moved to Rossmore Road, Marylebone in 1983. The school moved premises once again in 2010 to a converted church in Nutford Place, Westminster. The school aims to provide a sound basis on which to build a career in performance media (theatre, television, film), whilst ensuring that academic studies are of a consistently high standard. Students either attend the full-time school (students aged 10 to 16 years), the part-time school on Thursday evenings or Saturdays (students aged 4 to 18 years) or holiday schools (students aged 7 to 18 years). Students from the Sylvia Young Theatre School have appeared in television, film and theatre productions, including main roles in "Merry Christmas, Mr. Bean", "Matilda", "Billy Elliott", "The Lion King", "The Bodyguard", "Les Misérables", and "Charlie & The Chocolate Factory". Alumni include Royal National Theatre and Royal Shakespeare Company actors, and performers in TV and music. Performers who attended the Sylvia Young Theatre School, include: </doc> <doc id="2340323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340323" title="Demyship"> Demyship A demyship is a form of scholarship at Magdalen College, Oxford. It is derived from "demi-socii" or "half-fellows" (being historically entitled to half the allowance awarded to Fellows). When the college was founded in 1458 by William of Waynflete, the Founder ordained that in addition to forty senior scholars, or Fellows, there should be thirty poor scholars, commonly called Demies, of good morals and dispositions fully equipped for study. (Compare "postmasters" at Merton College, Oxford). Recipients (known as "demies", pronounced to rhyme with "surmise") are still admitted to the College's Foundation (in increased numbers, following changes to the system of scholarships) and are entitled to attend certain ceremonies and dinners. </doc> <doc id="2340325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340325" title="Bygdsiljum"> Bygdsiljum Bygdsiljum is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 333 inhabitants in 2015. It is situated at the outlet of Västerbotten's biggest lake, Bygdeträsket, 20 km from the coast and 1 hour by car from the cities of Skellefteå and Umeå. The town's economy is mostly built on farming, light industry and lumber. </doc> <doc id="2340326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340326" title="Timmelsjoch"> Timmelsjoch Timmelsjoch (), (elevation ) is a high mountain pass that creates a link through the Ötztal Alps along the border between Austria and Italy. The Timmelsjoch connects the Ötztal valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol to the Passeier Valley in the Italian province of South Tyrol, as it bridges the saddle point between the Jochköpfl () and Wurmkogl () peaks to its northeast and southwest, respectively. The pass is sometimes called the "secret passage" because it is little-used compared to the much easier and lower Brenner Pass some to its east, and Reschen Pass some to its west. During the early Stone Age, shepherds and their flocks lived in the Obergurgl area near Timmelsjoch. By the early Bronze Age, the glaciers of the last Ice Age were retreating and various hunters, adventurers, and wandering tribes entered the higher elevations in the area in search of game and treasure. The discovery of a brooch near the Schönbodenlacke dating from the La Tène period (around 300 BC) indicates that people were passing over the Timmelsjoch during this period. By the Middle Ages, mining influenced the development of a road network in the area. Marble quarries, semiprecious stones, and oil shales were all exploited. The ancient path over the Timmelsjoch was one of many such roads in the Tyrol which helped facilitate trade and would have a profound social, cultural, political, and religious impact on the peoples of the region. The Timmelsjoch was a particularly important route because it provided one of the most direct routes between the upper Inntal valley and Meran, the regional capital at the time, as well as Tirol Castle and St. Leonhard in Passeier, where the road forks to the Jaufenpass, down to Sterzing, and on to the Brenner Pass road. During that time, cart tracks were relatively few, and travelers, peddlars, and people leading pack animals tended to choose the shortest route. From the end of the thirteenth century to the beginning of the fifteenth century, the Timmelsjoch facilitated increased trade. Ötztaler Kraxenträger (basket bearers) transported flax, livestock, cured bacon, lard, vinegar, wine, and spirits across the pass. These early traders routes and techniques that would later inspire modern alpinists. The name "Thymelsjoch" first appeared in 1241 in a letter written by the Bavarian Count of Eschenlohe. For centuries, the spelling "Thimmeljoch" was widely used. The current spelling came into usage only in the twentieth century during the construction of the paved road. The first plans to build a road across the Timmelsjoch were drawn up in 1897, when the Tyrolean Landtag (regional assembly) established a construction agenda which comprised the building of several "rival roads" including a road over the Timmelsjoch. Work would not begin until the autumn of 1955. On July 7, 1959, after four years of construction, the road was finally opened to the public. The Timmelsjoch Hochalpenstrasse was well-engineered and integrated into the landscape. While the road up from the Ötztal valley was built for tourism purposes, the situation in the Passeier Valley (on the southern side) was very different. As in many other parts of the Italian Alps, Mussolini, the ruler from 1922 to 1945, had numerous military roads built up towards Italy's international borders. Construction of the road from Moos in Passeier, 10 km southeast from the pass, commenced in the 1930s. After the meeting between Mussolini and Hitler on the Brenner in 1939, construction work ceased. The road was narrow and rough, but had almost been completed. The last tunnel had been dug through; just the remaining 2 km stretch from its end to the pass had not been built. The tunnel partly collapsed in the following years. From 1939 to the mid-1960s, the unfinished, grassed-over road was only used for forestry purposes. Construction work resumed in the mid-1960s and the road was completed to the pass and opened to through traffic in 1967. The road on the Ötztal valley side is called the Timmelsjoch Hochalpenstrasse. The pass is now popular with car and motorbike tourists. Due to its elevation, steepness, and narrow road, the Timmelsjoch pass is closed to lorries and vehicles with trailers. With its dramatic scenery, particularly on the southern side, the road has become popular with cyclists. On the last Sunday in August, several thousand cyclists take part in the Ötztaler Cycling Marathon crawl up the section from St. Leonhard in Passeier () to the pass, gaining —the fourth and final pass included in the grueling marathon. The Timmelsjoch pass is open to traffic from approximately the first half of June to the second half of October (the exact dates depend on snow conditions) daily from 7:00 am to 8:00 pm. The Ötztal valley side is subject to a toll charge. At the Timmelsjoch pass, the Rasthaus summit tavern offers travelers warm meals and drinks and a sun terrace. Overlooking the Rasthaus is a stone mountain hut with a summit cross nearby. Several stone markers in the area indicate the Austria-Italy border. </doc> <doc id="2340339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340339" title="New York State Route 34"> New York State Route 34 New York State Route 34 (NY 34) is a north–south New York state route located in Central New York. Its southern terminus is at the Pennsylvania state line in the village of Waverly, where it connects to Pennsylvania Route 199 and meets NY 17. Its northern terminus is at NY 104, outside the village of Hannibal. The highway begins at exit 61 of the Southern Tier Expressway, NY 17, where PA 199 crosses into New York state, and Tioga County, on Cayuta Avenue in Waverly. Little more than half a mile into the state, Cayuta Street (NY 34) comes to a T-intersection with NY 17C. NY 34 makes a sharp left and, shortly thereafter, a sharp right turn. NY 17C was formerly NY 17, and the aforementioned second sharp turn was once NY 34's southern terminus. NY 34 continues north along the east bank of Cayuta Creek across the county line to Van Etten, Chemung County. In that village, NY 34 turns east at the eastern terminus of NY 224. Less than a mile from NY 224, NY 34 exits Chemung County and reenters Tioga County. NY 34 continues east to Spencer, where it meets up with NY 96. The routes converge from each end of Tioga Street and continue north together on Main Street. After exiting the village, NY 34 and NY 96 continue northward through the county, entering Tompkins County five miles (8 km) from Spencer. A few miles south of Ithaca, NY 34 and NY 96 merge with Elmira Road near Treman State Park, joining NY 13 northward through Buttermilk Falls State Park to Ithaca. Formerly, Meadow Street carried both directions of NY 13 and NY 34 (and NY 96) through a large part of Ithaca; however, in the late 1990s southbound traffic was diverted to Fulton Street for a ten-block section. NY 96 diverges to the west at West Buffalo Street in this section. NY 34 diverges from the NY 13 freeway in the northern part of the city. In Ithaca, NY 34 passes the Ithaca Farmers Market, the Sciencenter, and Stewart Park. Between NY 13 and Cayuga Heights Road in the Village of Lansing, NY 34 ascends a hill, offering a view down Cayuga Lake. The highway is close to the lake shore itself for an approximately two mile stretch prior to the hill. Descending the hill, one is offered a view of the city. Easily seen is the West and East Dormitory Towers of Ithaca College, located on NY 96B. In the town of Lansing, the highway intersects with NY 34B, a loop that serves the small communities along the ridge to the west of NY 34. NY 34 and NY 34B also form a short overlap at this point. Six miles due north of the NY 34/NY 34B intersection, NY 34 passes into Cayuga County. Like NY 34B to the west, NY 34 serves a handful of small communities in southern and central Cayuga county, including Genoa, at the intersection with NY 90. Five miles south of Auburn in Fleming, NY 34B rejoins NY 34, terminating at a T-intersection. In downtown Auburn, NY 34 is co-signed with NY 38 from the southern edge of the city north to U.S. Route 20 (US 20) and NY 5, where NY 38 turns west. Within downtown Auburn, NY 34 passes by the Harriet Tubman Home and the William Seward House. From Auburn, NY 34 continues north to Weedsport, where the route meets the New York State Thruway (Interstate 90 or I-90) at exit 40. Farther north, NY 34 enters Cato and meets NY 370 in the village center. Six miles to the north, NY 34 changes counties for the final time, entering Oswego County. Of the of NY 34, only four miles of the route exists in Oswego County. NY 34 intersects only six roads in the county, the most notable of which is NY 104, located south of Hannibal. In 1908, the New York State Legislature created a statewide system of unsigned legislative routes. The portion of what is now NY 34 from Van Etten to Ithaca was included in Route 9, which originally began in Horseheads and went generally northeast across central New York to Bouckville. North of Ithaca, two sections of modern NY 34—from Cayuga Heights Road north to current NY 34B in Lansing and from the north end of NY 34B in Fleming to Auburn—became part of Route 11. On March 1, 1921, Route 9 was realigned south of Van Etten to follow modern NY 34 south to Chemung Street in Waverly. When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924, none of modern NY 34 received a signed designation except for the current overlap between NY 34 and NY 13 south of Ithaca, which became NY 13 at this time. By 1926, what is now NY 34 from Ithaca north to Cato was designated as part of NY 40, which continued northwest to Red Creek mostly by way of modern NY 370. South of Ithaca, current NY 34 was part of NY 53 from Van Etten to Spencer. Within Ithaca, NY 13 was routed on Spencer Road and Cayuga Street to Court Street, where NY 13 turned east and followed Court Street and University Avenue out of the city. NY 40, meanwhile, began at NY 15 (now NY 96) at the intersection of State and Aurora Streets, one block east of NY 13. NY 40 followed Aurora, Falls, and Lake Streets through the city before joining the current alignment of NY 34 at the southeastern edge of Cayuga Lake. In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 40 was reassigned to another highway in the Capital District. Its former alignment became part of two new routes, namely NY 370 west of Cato and NY 34 south of Cato. Unlike NY 40 before it, NY 34 continued south to Chemung Street (then NY 17) in Waverly, utilizing the post-1921 alignment of legislative Route 9 between Ithaca and Waverly. NY 34 was extended south to the Pennsylvania state line in the early 1970s following the completion of the Southern Tier Expressway through Waverly. NY 34 was extended north from Cato to the super two highway carrying NY 104 around Hannibal in May 1970, taking over Cayuga County Route 40 and Oswego County Route 56. Initially, NY 34 veered east on Ira Hill East and North Roads and on Oswego County's County Route 21 (CR 21) to serve Hannibal Center; however, it was moved onto its current alignment between Cato and Hannibal by 1977. The portion of NY 34 north of Cato was county-maintained until the early 1980s when the state of New York acquired ownership of the highway as part of two highway maintenance swaps with Oswego and Cayuga counties. The section of NY 34 between the Cayuga County line and NY 104 became state-maintained on April 1, 1980, while the segment between NY 370 and the Oswego County line was turned over to the state on April 1, 1981. The county-maintained continuation of NY 34 to NY 3 in Hannibal is designated and signed as CR 34. NY 34 has been realigned through Ithaca at least three times since the 1930s. By 1948, NY 34 was shifted westward to follow Albany, Court, and Cayuga Streets through downtown. In the early 1960s, a new expressway was built along the eastern shore of Cayuga Lake, bypassing downtown Ithaca on the west and north. NY 34 was altered to follow Meadow Street and the freeway between southwestern Ithaca and its original alignment on East Shore Drive north of the city. The portion of NY 34's former alignment on East Shore Drive north of the Ithaca city line became NY 930F, an unsigned reference route. Lastly, in 1996, ten blocks of southbound NY 34 was diverted from Meadow Street to Fulton Street as part of the Octopus elimination project. NY 34 has had two suffixed routes; one has since been removed. </doc> <doc id="2340341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340341" title="Eddie Graham"> Eddie Graham Edward F. Gossett (January 15, 1930 – January 21, 1985), better known as Eddie Graham, was an American professional wrestler. He was also the promoter and booker for Championship Wrestling from Florida and President of the NWA in the 1970s. Gossett started wrestling in 1947 in Texas at the age of 17 after being trained by Clarence "Cowboy" Luttrall. He was sometimes billed as the brother of "Nature Boy" Buddy Rogers under the name of Rip Rogers. He lost a loser-leaves-town match to Pepper Gomez in May 1958 in Texas. In June 1958, he changed his ring name to Eddie Graham and was billed as the brother of Dr. Jerry Graham and "Crazy" Luke Graham. Jerry and Eddie were a very successful villainous tag team on the east coast of the United States. They had popular feuds with teams such as the Fabulous Kangaroos, the Bastien Brothers, Mark Lewin and Don Curtis, and Antonino Rocca and Miguel Pérez. They held the NWA United States Tag Team Championship "(Northeast version) together in Capitol Wrestling (the forerunner of World Wrestling Entertainment) four times, winning the belts three times in victories over Lewin and Curtis, and once against Red and Lou Bastien. In the spring of 1960, Eddie left the team and went to the National Wrestling Alliance's territory in Florida to wrestle. While there, in 1966, he had a feud with Professor Boris Malenko. Eddie took over booking and promoting for Championship Wrestling from Florida in 1971. He wrestled with his son, Mike Graham, until 1977, when he retired from the ring due to health problems. He made a one-shot return to the ring for one final match in 1979 when he defeated Killer Khan by pinfall after the referee was knocked out and subsequent interference by Mr. Hito and Kazuo Sakurada on Khan's behalf was fought off by Mike Graham and Ray Stevens. He was the President of the NWA from 1976 to 1978, thanks in part to Gordon Solie and Dusty Rhodes. Graham was absent as NWA President in 1977 and 1978 due to serious health problems he suffered from, and was forced to step down as a result. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on March 29, 2008. He was inducted posthumously by Dusty Rhodes, while his son, Mike Graham, accepted the honor on behalf of his father. Graham was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. In 1968, Graham was lacing his boots